marseille prosecutor brice robin says he was not aware of any video footage from board the plane.	the video was found by a source close to the investigation.	robin's comments follow claims by two magazines, german daily bild and french paris match.
the icc's founding rome statute was marked with a ceremony at the hague.	the palestinians signed the icc's founding rome statute in january.	they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed "in the occupied palestinian territory".
governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism, amnesty international says.	the report, "death sentences and executions 2014," cites the example of pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium.
some 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in china's northwestern xinjiang region.	they had not come to watch the local football team or any other grand sporting event.	the public mass sentencing was part a china's "strike hard" campaign against unrest in xinjiang.
anne frank died of typhus in a nazi concentration camp at the age of 15.	she had been imprisoned for two weeks after her supposed death on march 31, 1945.	but new research released by the anne frank house shows that anne and her older sister died at least a month earlier.
duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union.	the prestigious private school did n't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws.	officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
the rev.	robert schuller, california televangelist and founder of the television ministry "hour of power".	he was born in a iowa farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days.
a stray pooch in washington state has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car.	the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm, dirt-covered and emaciated, where she was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help.	she suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
the iranian foreign minister has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry's opposite number.	he received a hero's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning.	he has gone a long way to bring iran in from the cold.
a tv legend returned to doing what he does best.	contestants told to "come on down!" on the april 1 edition of "the price is right" encountered not host drew carey.
trey moses and ellie meredith could n't be more different.	she's a high school freshman with down syndrome.	trey -- a teacher at eastern, was originally going to take his girlfriend to eastern's prom.
michele bachmann is comparing president obama to the co-pilot of the doomed germanwings flight.	negotiations are coming down to the wire between iran, the united states and other nations.	bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the president's dealing with iran.
gov.	jerry brown to announce a mandatory 25% cutback in water consumption in all cities.	prices rose last year for these items on your kitchen table: berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $3.88.
apple ceo tim cook has called on the gop to "be the party of sam's club".	the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues.	some prominent republicans are urging the party to take notice.
five americans were monitored for three weeks at an omaha, nebraska, hospital.	one of the five had a heart-related issue on saturday.	they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march.
the coroner's preliminary assessment is no foul play involved in the death of getty tycoon j. paul getty.	andrew getty, 47, had "several health issues," police say.
bloomberg published a story with the following headline: mike pence, a koch favorite, mulls 2016 run for president.	the story ticked off items on pence's conservative things-to-do list while also noting his close ties to the deep-pocketed koch brothers, as well as other right-wing lobbying groups.
filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as tropical storm maysak approached the asian island nation saturday.	it's now classified as a tropical storm, according to the philippine national weather service.	it boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph (115 kph) and gusts up to 90 mph as of 5 p.m. (5 a.m.	et) saturday.
the second mate of the houston express probably could n't believe what he was seeing.	the crew of the 1,000-foot long container ship thought it was a yacht that had wrecked.	they saw there was a man on it, signaling for help.
paul walker is hardly the first actor to die during a production.	the actor was on break from filming "furious 7" at the time of the fiery accident.	producers said early on that they would not kill off walker's character.
the united states and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with iran in lausanne, switzerland, on thursday that limits iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon.	it will not be helped by the gathering swirl of dubious assumptions and doubtful assertions.
just six months earlier, comedian roseanne barr may have established the low-water mark.	guitar slinger jimi hendrix inflamed mainstream america with his psychedelic take on the national anthem at super bowl xxv.
yahya rashid, a uk national from northwest london, was detained at luton airport.	he's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of assisting others to commit acts of terrorism.
sky watchers in western north america are in for a treat: a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse.	it started at 3:16 a.m. pacific daylight time, when the moon began moving into earth's shadow.	but sunrise will interrupt the show on the east coast.
the family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state's religious freedom restoration act.	the statement struck at the heart of fears by critics, who said the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
louis jordan says he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from south carolina in late january.	he headed into the gulf stream looking for a good spot to catch fish.	he says he used laundry to trap and scoop up fish.
iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men's sports events.	a plan to allow "women and families" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year.	iran has come under pressure from international sports officials over the restrictions.
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart iran's nuclear ambitions.	his comments come as democrats and republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift western sanctions on iran in exchange for the country dropping from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges, limiting its highly enriched uranium, and increasing inspections.	netanyahu's most recent argument against the iran nuclear deal was similar to the one he'd made in a march trip to washington.
the fury 325 can be found at carowinds amusement part in charlotte, north carolina.	the home featured an indoor swimming pool, a jacuzzi (with mirrored ceiling, naturally) and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts.
christ atoned for the sins of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection.	it's a cornerstone event in the christian faith, but it does n't fall on the same day every year.
the ruling came in the wake of a recent case of cow slaughter in malegaon, where two men have been charged for killing the animal and selling its meat.	maharashtra animal preservation bill now includes bans on the killing of bulls and bullocks in its list of non-bailable offenses.
the fbi charged a philadelphia woman on thursday.	she's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.	turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter syria and join isis.
facebook and twitter have fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media.	it is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries.	it is part of lee kuan yew's legacy that the government's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases.
robert lewis burns jr., the original drummer in southern georgia, died friday night in a car crash.	burns, 64, died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in cartersville.	burns was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup.
singer avril lavigne went missing from the music scene.	she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease.	she has revealed to people magazine that she was bitten by a tick last spring.
fbi and task force officers were following 36-year-old kevone charleston of austell, georgia.	charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to november 2013.	charleston was shot and wounded by fbi agents, but his injuries are not life threatening.
the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes.	the lawsuit claimed the students did n't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in ncaa history.
the large hadron collider (lhc) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.	the lhc generates up to 600 million particles per second.	it took thousands of scientists, engineers and technicians decades to devise and build the particle accelerator.
residents of central sanaa have learned the hard way that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods.	fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks.	under the rain of coalition bombs, the houthis are shiites in a majority sunni country.
the united states has seemingly erupted about what it means to live your religion, especially in indiana, where its new religious freedom restoration act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate.
the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.	somalia-based al-shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in kenya.	al-shabaab is predominantly driven by the same radical interpretation of the koran.
a judge issued a written decision to let the teen, identified in court documents as "cassandra c.," go home.	the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments.	michtom tried to convince the court that she should be able to return to her mother's home.
bruno mars is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s, ruling the chart for a 13th week.	it's just the 10th single in the hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no.
thailand flag carrier thai airways unveiled colorful new livery featuring jake and finn.	thai smile, a subsidiary of thailand flag carrier thai airways, has an adventure time theme, with overhead bins, head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters.
chilly continent recorded the temperature (15.5 degrees celsius) on march 24.	the temperature was recorded at argentina's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula.	the committee will discuss the issues and make a recommendation to cerveny.
kim ki-jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction.	lippert was stabbed march 5 during an event organized by the korean council.	lippert also suffered five cuts in his left arm and hand, but was not expected to have permanent damage to his arm function.
obama's political standing and his historic legacy in foreign policy are so deeply intertwined with iran.	the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations, weakening america's hand and strengthening iran.
the nfl legend called out deion sanders jr. on twitter for saying he only eats "hood doughnuts".	in response, the elder sanders reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line called "well off.	he also has gone on record with his love for "hood doughnuts," or confections from "a place in the hood".
blue bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over the discovery of listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream originating from that plant.	the warning by the centers for disease control and prevention does not affect other blue bell ice cream, including other 3-ounce servings, not made at the company's broken arrow, oklahoma, plant.	but blue bell has recalled other products.
hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november.	one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks.	another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony.
universal's "furious 7" continues to build momentum at the friday box office for a weekend debut.	the final film featuring the late paul walker, "furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend.	it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories.
chelsea manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents.	the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media, which will post them on her behalf.
the columbia team concluded that "the failure encompassed reporting, editing, editorial supervision and fact-checking" resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the university of virginia.	can uva, phi kappa psi or any of the other fraternities on campus sue for defamation?
"space invaders" is the founder of the new japan pro wrestling organization.	inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as "among the most respected men in sports-entertainment".
the fbi has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the malaysian bomb maker known as marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the philippines in january.	marwan, whose real name is zulkifli bin hir, was believed by the fbi to a member of southeast asian terror group jemaah islamiyah's central command.	but the fbi now says tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted islamic extremist.
shibuya ward, one of the capital's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on wednesday paving the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples.	same-sex partners who are registered with the district's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements.
david lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "twin peaks" -- a cult 1990s television show that was set to return in 2016.	the offbeat tv series, created by lynch and mark frost, featured a quirky fbi agent who went to the pacific northwest town of twin peaks.
university of kentucky basketball player is apologizing for the "poor choice of words" he muttered under his breath after the team's stunning loss to wisconsin.	harrison, who is black, said his words were "in jest," and that he meant no disrespect to kaminsky, who is white.
the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak.	the plant, located in zhangzhou city, produces paraxylene (px).	local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill.
paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the sirenusa resort in st. john.	they had rented the villa from march 14 to march 22.	the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity.
i'm not buying it.	i find it almost unfathomable that a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation.	but those of us listening today who he is hoping to include, heard nothing more than hype.
the united states department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs.	it's a practice the supreme court has approved of for over a century.	corporations do n't have all the same inconvenient constitutional rights.
"mad men," the creative director played by jon hamm, has become a symbol of the times.	stores have created fashion lines inspired by the show ; there have been "mad men" cocktails.	"mad men" creator matthew weiner divided fans with its famous cut-to-black finale.
comedian chris rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks.	he's the frustration and grief caused by a new york grand jury's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of a black man.
mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing.	the film will feature material researched and shot by cbs films' corporate sibling.	wahlberg is also a producer of the film.
model manuela arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new hyundai sonata.	arbelaez was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display.	it's been a busy week for "the price is right".
citizens used social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams.	kenyans tweeted pictures of the victims in happier times.	kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims.
the plane crashed march 24 in rugged terrain of the alps about 6 miles (10 kilometers) from the town of seyne-les-alpes.	the flight data recorder, or "black box," was found thursday by a member of the recovery team.	in addition, out of more than 2,000 dna samples collected from the crash site.
carlos colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.	police were notified saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in cambridge.
jennifer stewart says she was devastated to learn that etihad airways lost her most important baggage.	stewart said that she and her husband, joseph naaman, booked felix on their etihad airways flight from the united arab emirates to new york's john f. kennedy international airport on april 1.	shortly after the plane arrived in new york that evening, felix went missing.
brian grazer: the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes.	the hollywood mogul was interviewed on bill simmons' podcast recently, and let it drop that fans can expect more of the quirky comedy.
easter triduum has a kind of major prologue in maundy thursday, the day when, by tradition, jesus celebrated the last supper with his disciples in jerusalem on the night before he was crucified.	he was never trying to erase judaism and found a new religion.
jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs.	it was a mantra he invoked repeatedly: the poor were blessed.	it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle.
sen. rand paul made the announcement that he will run for president, while in chicago, voters will head to the polls in a very surprising runoff between mayor rahm emanuel and challenger jesus "chuy" garcia.
the presidential candidate continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him.	his aides managed to move him closer to the door when a tall, burly man stopped him.	it was one of the many moments when cruz connected with voters on a religious level last week.
nina dobrev announced she will be leaving the cw show at the end of this season.	she posted on her social media accounts after a "goodbye party" at lake lanier outside atlanta.
zhou yongkang, 72, was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets.	zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.	prosecutors have accused zhou of "taking advantage of his posts".
federal education minister smriti irani was visiting a fabindia outlet in goa.	she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room.	four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager -- herself a woman, was still at large saturday.
the group included four children, the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013.	it did n't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into syria.
the singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990, the year he competed in the eurovision song contest, and the year before he released the album that ignited his career.	he died friday in a hospital in istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday.
"the submarine is in a dry dock," a law enforcement source says.	insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on a sub in the zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern russia.
mexican state oil company pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze.	authorities evacuated about 300 people from the abkatun platform after the fire started, pemex said.	the fire began in the gulf of mexico's campeche sound.
television network tv5monde was gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets.	in addition to its 11 channels, tv5monde lost control of its social media outlets and its websites, director yves bigot said in a video message posted later on facebook.
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in balkh province, northern afghanistan.	afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight in order to avoid civilian casualties.
jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial.	the trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether tsarnaev, 21, will be executed.	tsarnaev was 19 at the time of the bombing.
the blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the general electric appliance park in louisville.	firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings, spraying water from the periphery.	the park is large, such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses in the facility.
a u.s. official says up to 25,000 iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern iraqi city.	mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government's fight -- aided by a u.s.-led military coalition.	officials insist that isis has been degraded substantially thanks to a combination of air power and ground combat.
the california public utilities commission said it is ordering pacific gas & electric co. to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system, including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in san bruno in september 2010.	most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
cathy olson had never seen a tornado that big.	she watched the hulking gray twister grind past her town thursday.	it was the only death reported so far in two days of tornado touchdowns.	hail stones the size of tennis balls plummeted down on ashton, illinois.
slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott.	the video shows a dark object falling behind scott and hitting the ground.	it's unclear whether that is the taser.
yashasvi yadav says the city's force has bought four drones and is in the process of purchasing one more.	the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray ; each drone costs between $9,560 and $19,300, yadav added.
the march 31 party was in celebration of morales' new assignment as head of the louisville field office.	a secret service spokesperson confirms that morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.	clancy was not made aware of the episode until five days later.
"i always had him in mind for that role," the emmy-winning actor who also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller's pulitzer prize-winning "that championship season," died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness.	dysart was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years, finally winning the trophy in 1992.	he was one of the few actors to appear in every episode.
mindy kaling from fox's cult hit comedy "the mindy project," in which she plays mindy lahiri, a perky, quirky ob/gyn juggling her career and love life in new york.	the show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation — the first network sitcom created by and starring a woman of color.	chokalingam had spent his college years as a "hard-partying frat boy," and achieved a less than stunning 3.1 gpa.
don mclean's pop masterpiece "american pie" is 44 years old.	christie's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song's lyrics for $1.2 million to an unnamed buyer.	mclean was a paperboy when, on february 3, 1959, he saw that buddy valens and j.p. "the big bopper" richardson had been tragically killed.
anthony ray hinton, 58, looked up, took his first steps as a free man since 1985.	he spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life, under fear of execution, for something he did n't do.	hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers, john davidson and thomas wayne vason.
twitter did n't, paying homage to the 1995 film "empire records" and the character of rex manning.	the movie -- also starring liv tyler, is scheduled to make an in-store appearance.	honestly, any day is a good day to quote the 2004 film.
mary kay letourneau fualaau wants the world to know that she and her husband, vili fualaau, are still happily together.	she was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in seattle in 1996.
twisted sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last, according to a press release.	twisted sister's biggest hit, "we're not gon na take it," hit the top forty in 1984.
the critically-panned film, which opened last year's cannes film festival, will premiere on lifetime on memorial day, may 25.	after the movie performed poorly in its international engagements, the weinstein co., which first purchased u.s. distribution rights at the 2013 berlin film festival, decided to sell it directly to lifetime rather than book it into u.s. theaters.
"american pie" has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon.	christie's tom lecky: "i'm going to be 70 this year," a fitting tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation.	mclean has said that the opening lines were inspired by the death of buddy holly.
the photographer, daniel ramos, had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in july 2013 at los angeles international airport.	west pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle.	ramos and his lawyer, gloria allred, sought general and punitive damages in the civil suit.
the hbo documentary is based on the book "going clear: scientology, hollywood, and the prison of belief" by lawrence wright.	travolta said he believed the doc was a result of "people who were disgruntled with their experiences" with the church of scientology.
king was hospitalized for dehydration, though the ailment did n't keep him out for long.	king's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes, but he "is much better," his daughter says.
rebekah gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict.	she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street.	now, jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings.
bi fujian, who works for state-run china central television, was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party's early years when he started going off script.
spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of goddard, which is less than 15 miles west of wichita.	storm moved to the northeast, missing the city, but posing potential risks to other communities.
katie gave birth to a baby (about 6 feet tall) early friday evening.	the newcomer's debut was a long time coming, especially when you count for katie's 15-month gestation period.
hbo is a time warner company, like cnn.	it's the most high-profile premiere yet, airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time.	"we're going to start seeing some of the show's major story arcs coming together".
cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery.	heads of state from 35 countries met every three years to discuss economic, social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994.
president barack obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran.	the reality is that president obama has given his government rare permission to bargain with the "great satan".	but just as u.s. and european sanctions were forcing iran to the nuclear crossroads.
martin o'malley and jim webb share little in common.	both democrats are toying with a presidential run.	o'malley is a decorated vietnam war veteran and former senator.	he seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events.
a pair of officers on motorcycles were part of the large procession delivering the father of four.	an overflow crowd gathered on a humid and occasionally rainy april afternoon at w.o.r.d.	ministries christian center in summerville, which has a capacity of about 300 people.
the suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau.	a guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing.	that guard was then shot at least once in the upper body.
the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers meet with iran in switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting tehran's nuclear program.	iran has been active in supporting proxies in several hotspots in the persian gulf and neighboring regions.
liana barrientos was 23 years old, she got married in westchester county, new york.	she married once more, sometimes only within two weeks of each other.	prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
that's the trending question on social media, thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs.	some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat.	others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
lz granderson: i was 27 at the time, and, like most young people i had stopped going to church.	he says she cried for a bit, then decided i would never ask god for anything.	he says i've considered myself a lapsed catholic.
mullah mohammed omar is "still the leader" of the taliban's self-declared islamic emirate of afghanistan.	the taliban's "cultural commission" released the 11-page document in several different translations.	several afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of omar's demise.
the brutal murder of farkhunda, a young woman in afghanistan, whose body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in kabul.	the brutal murder of farkhunda, a young woman in afghanistan became pallbearers, hoisting the victim's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves.
the 40-year-old rapper has been charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.	the state trooper was about to conduct an inspection of the bus, a prevost motor coach.
the collection of the first six "star wars" movies will also include many special features, some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga.	one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies.
hillary clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.	she has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news media, how to use it to her advantage and how to survive.
martin o'malley: "i've seen it before," the democratic party is full of "good leaders".	clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008.	he ended up losing to barack obama.	he has scored in the low single digits in the state.
ramalinga raju was also fined $804,000, a spokesman for india's central bureau of investigation.	investigators say losses to investors resulting from the company's book manipulation were much higher.	the case has been compared to the 2001 enron corp. scandal.
photographer johan bavman became a father for the first time.	he used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers.	the remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a month or $22.
superior court judge orlando hudson jr. ruled that hicks' case is "death penalty qualified," wral and wtvd reported.	the 46-year-old was arrested february 10 in the deaths of yusor mohammad, 21, her 23-year-old husband, deah shaddy barakat, and 19-year-old sister, razan mohammad abu-salha.	hicks, who was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder and a count of discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling.
the network released a teaser video for season 2 of the critically acclaimed show, and it looks intense.	colin farrell, vince vaughn, rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the new season, which premieres june 21.
bradley cooper was nominated for his portrayal of chris kyle, a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history.	kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013.
mount st. joseph university successfully petitioned the ncaa to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play.	head coach dan benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal with is a loss.	hill died early friday.
carlos colina, 32, will be arraigned the morning of april 14 for murder.	colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.
chris copeland and a female companion, katrine saltara, were in the club for about 10 minutes before leaving and walking down the street toward fulton houses, where their car was parked.	copeland's team assisted mr. copeland to their fullest capabilities.
"lost river" began as a collection of speculative shots of the brewster-douglass projects.	gosling's first feature as director has been divisive, to put it mildly.	but there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical.
elizabeth sedway's cancer fight notwithstanding, sedway was in hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.	her cancer fight notwithstanding was on a plane to san jose, california, although she did n't get home until late tuesday night.	sedway wrote that she responded by saying she sometimes felt weak.
aaron hernandez, 25, is on trial for the shooting death of lloyd, whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013.	hernandez's defense gave its side of the story, wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day.	the defense has rested, it wo n't be long before the jury begins deliberating.
adelma cifuentes felt worthless, frightened and alone, never knowing when her husband would strike.	but after the first bullet was fired, cifuentes' two sons dragged her inside.	they probably would have succeeded, but after the nightmare finally ended and her search for justice began.
a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir robert durst, a convicted felon, with unlawful possession of a firearm.	durst, 71, is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver, which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month.	he also faces state weapons and drugs charges in new orleans.
the department of justice has charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination.	it should not be forgotten that the doj review of the ferguson police department was precipitated by months of protests.
steve esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago.	the family has confidence in their medical professionals and is hopeful for a full recovery.	paramedics were called to the villa, which the family was renting.
oliver minatel, 22, said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623.	she was seated four rows behind minatel, a professional soccer player traveling with his team.	the two-hour flight landed at atlanta's hartsfield airport at about 4:30 p.m. where it was met by u.s. authorities.
virginia attorney general asked law firm of o'melveny & myers to take look at how it handles sexual assault on campus.	school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it.
the leader board.	players rose and players fell away on moving day at the 2015 masters.	rory mcilroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable grand slam on sunday night.	but no one could move quick enough to trouble jordan spieth.
mindy kaling's brother says he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school.	the force is with the streaming device of your choice, thanks to this week's surprise announcement.
7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day at united states stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.	this shot at brain freeze is n't free, but customers at participating stores can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
"this is a treasure trove," he said monday night from his home in east texas.	the underground city dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century.	it was rediscovered in the late 19th century.
loretta lynch, 82, is a retired baptist preacher and was active in the civil rights movement of the 1960s.	her parents, married for 60 years, still live there.	lynch's family moved to the city when she was a child.	he ran, unsuccessfully, for mayor of durham in 1973.
the crash took place sunday at the exotic driving experience.	bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack.	the driver of the lamborghini's passenger lost control of the vehicle.	he was hospitalized with minor injuries.
this year's 20th anniversary of a planet around a star like our own sun, 51 pegasi.	since then, ground-based surveys and nasa's kepler satellite have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed "exoplanets," and thousands more candidates await confirmation.
gang did n't follow the current criminal trend of manipulating digits in cyber space.	but instead went back to basics and committed their burglary in a way not seen in london for more than 40 years.
commissioner-general pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp.	unrwa's deepening concern for 18,000 palestinians and syrian civilians, including 3,500 children.	yarmouk was formed in 1957 to accommodate people displaced by the arab-israeli conflict.
many moviegoers said the final scenes of the new film, which earned a record $146 million over the weekend.	hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked during scenes.
a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook.	serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle.
the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show's co-creator with a # savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is "like pies without cherries".	showtime chief on' twin peaks' plans,' homeland' backlash and free speech.
selena will be the first figure to use the acrovirt technology, quintanilla says.	the technology is being handled by acrovirt llc, a nevada-based tech company.	selena is n't the first performer to try the virtual route.
the ship's passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms.	the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew.	it made its last stop in puerto vallarta, mexico, on april 10.
the women were among detained on march 7 in three chinese cities -- beijing, guangzhou and hangzhou.	the five were initially held on suspicion of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble".	wang said he did n't know why the charge against the women changed.
detectives with the metro nashville police also found that the agent entered the woman's home multiple times, where he took videos, photos and other data.	police said the incident happened in a tsa-only restroom, and that there was no evidence public restrooms were targeted.
the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11, 2011.	the remnants of the boat will be dried out, inspected further and taken to a landfill.
cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries.	for the first time since 1962, the u.s. has not blocked cuba's attempt to join.	now it's time to see how they play and who they play with -- especially venezuela.
the group says it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday.	isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings.	it would n't be the first time that militants and iraqi forces have battled over the refinery, a key strategic resource that has long been a lucrative target.
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee, students at troy university, were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.	the video was turned over to the bay county, florida, sheriff's office.
alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles.	the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.	the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled, the airline said.
walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer in north charleston, south carolina.	since then, it's been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement.
the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland.	the u.s. crew believed the russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed".
the man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park, police say.	low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week, and rain was reported in the area.	low temperatures reached wednesday and thursday.
obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" israel maintains a military advantage over iran.	his comments to the new york times published on sunday, come amid criticism from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu.
the girls were abducted on the night of april 14-15, 2014, in the town of chibok.	the government girls secondary school had been closed for a month because of the danger posed by boko haram militants.
nyia parler can not be extradited to face the charges, maryland police say.	she will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses.	she is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park.
kansas gov.	sam brownback bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion" and defines as "knowingly dismembering a living unborn child".	supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step.	opponents warned it was dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws.
the mother of a quadriplegic man who suffers from cerebral palsy is left lying in the woods of philadelphia's cobbs creek park.	police say he was being treated at the children's hospital of philadelphia.	he suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection.
american-based jia jiang put himself up to when he decided to blog about "100 days of rejection".	he decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on.	jiang was even offered jobs as his project continued and his fame grew.
the "most severe public health emergency seen in modern times," showed the world its vulnerability to disease.	it revealed real flaws in government systems that are supposed to protect us.
people magazine reports that jill dillard gave birth monday to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son she and husband derick have named israel david.	jill's parents, jim bob and michelle duggar posted a video of the new family on their official facebook page.
cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw.	they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir.	abdallah said the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street.
the suspect, kenneth morgan stancil iii, worked with lane as part of a work-study program.	he was arrested just after 1 a.m. tuesday, after he was found sleeping on a beach.
former australia cricket captain richie benaud has died at the age of 84.	benaud was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985.	benaud was equally revered by the cricketing public on the other side of the world.
cape verde has long been a mesh of cultures, history and races.	the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade.	cape verde has had to look for alternative sectors to aid its development.
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya, the italian coast guard says.	about 2,000 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
"double falsehood," a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald.	the play revolves around the romantic entanglements of two brothers: one virtuous, one sinful.	theobald says he based the play on three original manuscripts he had discovered.
the government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab.	the government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011.	it has a list of suspects from various parts of the country.
irish betting company paddy power is backtracking after tweeting that "newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years".	the tweet, a pun on the name of the famous home end at liverpool football club, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states.	paddy power -- well-known for its use of publicity stunts, used it to link to a piece showing statistics for games between liverpool and newcastle united.
malala yousafzai's stellar career has included a nobel peace prize.	she attached her name to the heavens.	malala's asteroid circles the sun between mars and jupiter every five and half years.
wu rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on international women's day against sexual harassment in china.	since then, the chinese authorities have formally detained her and four other activists for "creating disturbances".
jodi arias was sentenced to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years.	but decided the convicted killer should spend the rest of her life behind bars.	before her sentence was handed down, arias expressed remorse for her actions.
u.s. justice department employees do n't have a monopoly on such stories.	the directive comes a few weeks after a justice department inspector general report found dea agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes.
hillary clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states.	we'll raise the "mission accomplished" banner over the women's movement.	clinton is no ordinary female presidential candidate, if there is such a thing.
more than 20 years ago, congress approved a law, the violent crime control and law enforcement act of 1994.	the law has never truly been implemented, leaving us with patchy information about particular episodes rather than a comprehensive sense of how race and policing play out in america.
female sterilization is linked to the controversial "eugenics" movement.	some have claimed this practice "evokes a dark corner of american history" where the mentally ill or "deficient" were forced to undergo sterilization.	there is even a 1927 supreme court case, buck v. bell, in which the justices ruled that a state statute permitting compulsory sterilization was constitutional.
emy afalava is a loyal american and decorated veteran.	he has been subject to american law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen.	yet, afalava has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen.
jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing.	the verdict is n't surprising.	but that's only if you believe islam causes extremism, which is true — and false.
apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race, ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis.	the reaction to this new lineup is, as should be expected with almost anything new in today's hypersensitive climate, a range of cheers and jeers.
i'm haunted by the video of officer michael slager firing eight shots at walter scott.	the officer cuffs the fallen scott and allows him to die face-down in the dirt.	it will help ensure that justice will be served in this case.
pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of iraqi territory seized by isis.	the map, above, shows gains in key central and northern areas of iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
the sisters were born in the somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991.	the girls relocated to canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music.
frida ghitis: isis fighters stormed yarmouk, and that made life for those still inside even worse than it was before.	death comes day and night, residents told cnn, including barrel bombs that flattened many of the buildings already scarred by the three-year-long conflict.
"the bible" broke ratings records on the history channel.	the full miniseries will run for 12 weeks, so consider it a spring revival.	this is the first of the last several episodes.
marvel studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring bettany as the heroic android, who was a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics.	meanwhile, as many marvel fans know, thursday was the eve of the new netflix series "daredevil," and after a photoshopped first look at charlie cox's iconic red daredevil suit went out.
ursula ward kept repeating her son's name -- odin.	she was tired after more than two years of pain.	he played football for the boston bandits, the oldest semi-pro team in boston.
danny kahneman, my good friend and co-author who got a nobel prize in economics, once helped to run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies.	the psychology of it is simple to understand: happy endings matter.
aaron hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder.	he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a boston nightclub.	hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims hernandez shot him while they were in a limousine.
americans mark the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln's death this week.	he knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded the land of corn from the land of cotton.	lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots.
the ringling bros. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural florida.	an armed security guard greets you at the entrance.	after a short drive down a gravel road, you get the sense this is a special place.	the change comes after years of repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups.
arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season's english premier league title alive.	arsenal have been in superb form since the start of the year.	arsenal have won eight games in a row since introducing the young frenchman.
the kickoff to the new season leads the list of six things to watch in the week ahead.	"orphan black," 9 p.m.	et, saturday, april 18, bbc america.
amy schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and misfires from the 2015 mtv movie awards.	here are the jokes, performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it.
the pitch-black-dark new series streamed its entire first season on netflix on friday morning.	charlie cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney matt murdock.	he heads toward a confrontation with vincent d'onofrio's wilson fisk, a.k.a.
milano, who was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a "romantic getaway".	according to the heathrow airport guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk, the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight.
cynthia lennon, who married john lennon when he was a struggling musician, died wednesday.	she was there when he rose to fame with the beatles, who lost his mother at a young age.	john and cynthia lennon were married for six years, from 1962 to 1968.
"amy: the girl behind the name," set for uk release on july 3.	features early footage of winehouse talking about how her music career was born.	she died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on july 23, 2011.
ray gricar has become one of the most intriguing and talked about missing persons stories in the country.	investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes, dug up a grave, chased more than 300 sightings from arizona to north carolina.	months later his county-issued laptop and hard drive were found.
two years ago, dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race.	the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week.	dzhokhar and his brother tamerlan, who was killed in a shootout with police, were intent on terrorizing not just bostonians, but all americans, prosecutors said.
boston marathon is traditionally an event in which people in and around the massachusetts capital come together, celebrate and enjoy.	but at least not if you're a member of the jury that convicted dzhokhar tsarnaev in the bombings.	that begins april 21, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race.
students on the kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the kimberly dormitory.	some jumped from its fifth floor, the university said.	kenyan teachers and students have said they fear being targeted by the somalia-based.
tokyo electric power company deployed the remote-controlled robot on friday inside one of the damaged reactors that had suffered a meltdown following a devastating earthquake and tsunami in 2011.	it was the first time the probe had been used.
deputy robert bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter monday.	he then shooting eric courtney in the back with a handgun.	harris' brother, andre harris, told cnn he is pleased.
there's a booming black market in hong kong, but it's not for fake apple watches, or the iphone.	instead, people are going crazy for tins of butter cookies.	tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on jenny's cookies.
the reinforcements come four days after isis began attacking northern iraq's baiji oil refinery.	the additional troops came from camp speicher, a fortified iraqi base near the city of tikrit.	isis said tuesday that iraqi troops already at the refinery were holding their ground.
isis is a problem that is "off the charts historically," the obama administration's point man says.	brett mcgurk made in an exclusive interview, were some of the administration's strongest to date in describing the challenge the united states and its allies face in battling isis.	mcgurk did not rule out expanding u.s. military action beyond iraq and syria.
gen. ahmed asiri added the raids aim to keep the rebels from moving toward southern yemen.	clashes took place friday near the saudi-yemeni border, in the najran region.	yemen has been descending into chaos since houthi rebels -- minority shiites who have long complained of being marginalized.
qassim and her family fled birim at first light, piling in with three families.	they could have still been in their house when the first missile landed.	bab al-mandab is one of the busiest waterways in the world.
the explosion outside the bauchi motor park‎ happened around 8:30 p.m..	the bus was heading to the central nigerian city of jos, 125 kilometers away.	boko haram has repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations.
a second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but did n't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony.	the "bomb" had actually been put together by two confidential informants with nonexplosive materials.	fort riley's security was never breached and no people were in danger.
thousands of yazidis live in hearing distance of one of iraqi kurdistan's frontlines with isis.	isis online magazine outlines the group's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the yazidis.	but the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves.
muhammadu buhari says he plans to aggressively fight corruption that has long plagued nigeria.	he says his administration is confident it will be able to thwart criminals.	the win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in africa's most populous nation.
hillary clinton's campaign manager robby mook distributed a "values statement" at the meeting.	the document makes clear that the campaign will try to avoid mistakes that plagued clinton's failed 2008 run.
isis has taken the east of the city, it's not accessible, the deputy chief of the provincial council.	parents cradle babies in blankets, some struggle under the weight of their belongings.	cars are not permitted to cross this bridge across the euphrates.
"the fish was flopping on my legs.	it was so slippery that i could n't get a grip on it," team member devin patel described the moment of terror: "yoni, get it off me!"
the white house insists it does n't need congressional approval for the iran nuclear deal.	but while historical precedent suggests the president might indeed have the authority to move forward without congress, the obama administration should probably learn another lesson from history.
paltrow, the actress turned lifestyle guru, is known for promoting detoxes and health cleanses on her site, goop.com.	she's now bringing awareness to the difficulties of life on food stamps.	her participation is part of the # foodbanknycchallenge.
gov.	nathan deal signed a bill thursday that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies" while creating an infrastructure, registration process and research program for the drug.	haleigh, who has been the face of the bill, was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them were n't making life better for the little girl.	janea cox said in a march 2014 interview that she made the difficult decision to move her daughter to colorado.
lady antebellum is set to perform at the 50th academy of country music awards.	hillary scott, co-lead singer for the band, posted a photo of the charred bus on instagram and noted that she, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated.
six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb explodes near the police station.	ansar beit al-maqdis, an isis affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack.	egypt's army has been fighting a decade-long militant islamist insurgency.
cuba that photographer carolina sandretto captures is a world away from the images of neon 1950s american cars and postcard-worthy white sand beaches.	instead sandretto focuses on "solares," the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate, often with several generations and separate families.
the bill includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program.	the issue of payments to medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.	senate passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place since the last temporary "doc fix".
walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner.	she went to the 5,000 members of her company's facebook page, kids in adelaide, to reunite joe and jenny with the ring.
australian prime minister tony abbott has announced.	currently parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons.	thousands of families could lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year.
this week's gathering of leaders from nearly three dozen nations in panama.	the united states has been losing ground in this increasingly important region.	obama needs to put on a strong performance in panama at the summit.
colonel john schwemmer, the scenery is all too familiar.	this is his sixth tour in iraq.	he's back doing a job that he's been tasked with before, but this time, he feels, they're getting it right.
the georgian chess grandmaster has been banned from the dubai open chess tournament.	officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone.	but the phone was logged on to a social media network under his account.
we want to see the real parts of life, the ones that do n't get a filter or a filter but are a part of our realities nonetheless.	we think you just racked up more fans for p! nk.
some supervisors told to forge reserve deputy robert bates' training records.	deputy's records had been falsified emerged "almost immediately" from multiple sources.	bates claims he meant to use his taser but accidentally fired his handgun at harris instead.
new jersey auction house has removed items from its april 17 event.	the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps.	it is something auction houses, galleries and dealers are faced with regularly.
rochelle "shelly" sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men.	she claimed donald sterling used the couple's money to buy stiviano a ferrari, two bentleys and a range rover.	stiviano's gifts from donald sterling did n't just include uber-expensive items like luxury cars.
thabo sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury as "significant".	sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage.	he and teammate pero antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing.
aaron hernandez has considered how a promising young athlete earned millions came to take the life of his onetime friend and future brother-in-law odin lloyd.	the jury of seven women and five men listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence over the months-long trial.	hernandez, who was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole, after deliberating more than 35 hours over parts of seven days.
jason rezaian has sat in jail in iran for nearly nine months.	he is accused of economic spying, the post reported, citing iranian state media.	the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage, tehran's chief said.
al qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders were killed in cia drone strikes in january in north waziristan.	farooq's real name was qari ubaidullah, a pakistani who oversaw suicide missions against u.s. and nato troops in afghanistan.	al qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the west.
u.n. security council voted in favor of an arms embargo on houthis.	the resolution "raises the cost" for the houthis, according to mark lyall grant.	saudi arabia has led a coalition that is conducting airstrikes on targets.
a 15-year-old girl from cape town, south africa, has been using technology on social media platforms.	she was leaving the country to join isis, state security minister david mahlobo says.
the outage began around 10 p.m. paris time (4 p.m.	et), and network teams were still working to restore service more than five hours later.	it functions under a partnership that consists of the governments of france, canada and switzerland.
former rap mogul marion "suge" knight was ordered to stand trial for murder.	he also lowered knight's bail to $10 million, a figure that defense lawyers called excessive.	knight will stand trial on one count of murder, one count of attempted murder and one count of hit-and-run.
robert bates says he gets it, how you might wonder how a cop could confuse a pistol for a stun gun.	bates -- the tulsa county, reserve sheriff's deputy accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect.	bates told investigators he mistook his firearm for the stun gun.
twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns.	the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.	hashtags are now pouring out of south africa.
the third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape.	george davon kennedy was the third suspect seen in the video of the gang rape.	kennedy is from murfreesboro, tennessee, and has been a student at middle tennessee state university.
the outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two disney theme parks in the state.	the centers for disease control and prevention said on its website that 19 different strains have been discovered since 1990.
mexican filmmaker alejandro gonzalez iñarritu went on to win best director for "birdman".	the filmmakers even went so far as to make sure casting directors in abu dhabi and dubai, where key scenes were filmed, found diverse extras.	almost since the beginning, the "fast and furious" films have had a diverse focus and appeal.
the explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine, the sheriff says.	the cause of friday's blast is under investigation, mims says.	it happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader.
the trailer begins with a commentator's voice asking, "is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy?" as footage of superman plays, numerous commentators' voices overlap one another with their opinions of the superheroes.
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.	he's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.	helinski's id and social security cards had been stolen.
dr. anthony moschetto, 54, pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on long island.	he was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.	requests for comment from attorneys representing moschetto and chmela were not returned.
kenneth morgan stancil is accused of killing an employee at wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina.	relatives have said victim ron lane was gay, cnn affiliate wncn reported, and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime.
the uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7, 1941.	the remains were laid to rest as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific.	wwii pilot, 99, was serving as a seaman first class on the light cruiser uss honolulu.
thousands of syrian and palestinian refugees trapped in the yarmouk refugee camp.	they are the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make them miracle children.	i want to introduce you to them in the hope that turning away is not an option.	mohammad was born in yarmouk on january 25 of this year.
kenyan president uhuru kenyatta announced three days of national mourning.	only a few kilometers away, 147 people were brutally massacred when al-shabaab militants invaded the campus in garissa, northeastern kenya.	we've come to this particular islamic religious school because the man suspected by kenyan authorities of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity.
isis claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack in the kurdish iraqi city of irbil.	at least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say.	irbil is the capital of iraq's semi-autonomous kurdistan regional government.
pope francis is a u.s. resolution to do the same has languished in congress.	turkish officials disagree, arguing that the deaths, while unfortunate, were part of a long-running war that witnessed casualties on all sides.
the force awakens unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie, arriving in december.	when harrison ford shows up with chewbacca at the end, you can almost hear the internet's collective squeals.	we're guessing that most of us cheated and peeked at the answer.
cnn was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by unicef, the united nations children's fund.	the main terminal at el rahaba airport is under the control of the houthi rebels.	unicef hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies.
adrian peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the nfl on friday.	the nfl suspended the 30-year-old football star in november over allegations that last may he disciplined his son.	peterson played in one game last season, a 35-6 win against st. louis in september.
police say robert bates, 73, thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest.	the shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling undercover officers a pistol.	harris died at a local hospital and his cause of death is under investigation.
canadian actor jonathan crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage.	crombie co-starred in the "anne of green gables" debuted in canada on cbc tv in 1984.	he was cast in the role at 17, beating out other aspiring canadian actors of the era.
robert bates, an oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a taser, on saturday released documents that he says verify some of bates' training as a law enforcement officer.	the documents are important because bates' training has become a central issue in the case.
chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics.	the figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier.	the amount of narcotics seized was up by 44.9%, according to the ministry.
tomasz lazar spent hours photographing interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s.	some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central russia.	during lazar's interviews, many of the survivors broke down in tears.
most airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems.	the flight deck is a structured world of black and white.	stress from the job is an accepted part of our career.
the stories can be stomach churning: men masturbating on buses and at bus stops, boys stalking young girls -- both physically and online, men taking pictures of women without permission and uploading them on the internet.
al-shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 kenyan soldiers participating in the african union peacekeeping mission in somalia.	the loss of kismayo, al-shabaab's last city stronghold and an important port, took a financial toll on the group.
white will wrap his touring efforts in support of "lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour that will hit "the only five states left in the u.s. that he has yet to play".	the purposely vague announcement surely has fans (and journalists) scouring the internet for white's touring history.
michelle maclaren is leaving the upcoming "wonder woman" movie.	the movie, starring gal gadot in the title role of the amazon princess, is still set for release on june 23, 2017.
abc is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "the muppets," the hollywood reporter has learned.	sources tell thr that the project, if all goes well, could go straight to series.
etan patz went missing in new york city at age 6.	he said he killed the boy and threw his body away in a plastic bag.	hernandez has been diagnosed with schizophrenia and has an "iq in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range".
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans -- particularly u.s. soldiers, execution style.	mohamud allegedly said he was happy that his brother died fighting for al-nusra front, al qaeda's largest affiliate in syria.
most of the national park service's 407 sites are free year-round, the 128 parks that charge a fee.	it's all part of national park week, happening april 18 through april 26, and it's hosted by the national park service and the national park foundation.
nicole, a 30-year-old woman, does n't have to imagine this scenario because it's her everyday reality.	the small and unusual living space space is all that this employed, single mother can afford in her high-cost community in san mateo, california.
marriott international is now run by his son bill, also a mormon who fully accepts his church's teachings about traditional marriage.	asked about the discrepancy between his religious rejection of same-sex marriage and his marketing overtures to same-sex honeymooners.
sen. elizabeth warren says she is n't going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks.	she will need to make a choice about how much to highlight issues relating to economic inequality.
a panel of rolling stone's media peers has dissected the magazine's disastrous, discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia.	the magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
tuesday night's "late late show" on cbs, actor jon cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to otis redding's "try a little tenderness" by re-creating's andie.
debra lobo was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is unconscious but expected to survive.	she has lived in pakistan since 1996 and is married to a christian pakistani who is a librarian at the american school in karachi.
thursday will mark three weeks since saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen.	but there is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back, that the fighting in yemen is dying down or that lives there are being saved.
ines dumig was recently announced as a center grant recipient.	she's the focus of ines dumig's photo series "apart together".	the number of refugees seeking asylum in the european union increased by 25% last year.
steve esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago.	the boys, 16 and 14, were in critical condition at a philadelphia hospital on saturday.	esmond, also being treated at a hospital, is now in occupational therapy.
the shoplifted gun mario valencia held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire.	but just 10 seconds after the worker told police that... a shot.	valencia had fired into the air, and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him.
jarret stoll, 32, was arrested friday at the swimming pool of a las vegas resort on a drug-possession charge.	stoll, 32, was released from the clark county detention center late friday on $5,000 bail.
the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago.	thousands of yazidis now call this corner of iraqi kurdistan home.	the vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of sinjar.	they were taken to a school turned prison in tal afar.
maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college.	she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in nepal.	that's when doyne's life took an unexpected turn.
espn suspended britt mchenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced thursday.	mchenry says she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a virginia business.
dr. sanjay gupta is in the midst of a medical marijuana revolution.	he's been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years.	he says the potential benefits of medical marijuana for people suffering from ptsd is actually the subject of a federally approved study.
tom brady's love for his wife, model gisele bundchen, will never go out of fashion.	bundchen, 34, announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend.	she is the face of chanel and carolina herrera and has her own line of lingerie.
davion navar henry only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a bible from the boys home where he lived.	but he got into a fight with one of their sons, and they sent him back to florida.
more than 300 suspects have been arrested in south africa in connection with deadly attacks.	the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans, authorities say.	heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants from taking their jobs.
the group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested sunday.	they're engaged in what we describe as peer-to-peer recruiting.	they're engaged in today's case, federal prosecutors say.
jason warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston, idaho, on wednesday.	he saw the tree, then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff.
joy womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the kremlin ballet theatre.	the dancer, raised in california and texas, left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in russia six years ago, aged 15.
the boragaon landfill is located in the city of guwahati, about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese border.	it's 94 acres of mostly fresh waste, surrounded by swamplands.	they use large hooks to sort through the garbage, which sometimes reaches two or three stories high.
nigerian city is among african metropolises which have seen some of the highest growth in the continent.	others include luanda, dar es salaam and accra, which is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count from 800 in 2012 to 1,500 in 2020.
scientists studied poor african-americans in alabama who'd contracted the venereal disease but did n't tell them they had the disease or do anything to cure them.	the subjects of the experiments were n't told they'd been infected, the lawsuit says.
"star wars: episode vii -- the force awakens" cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film.	airline unveils' star wars' 787 dreamliner painted like r2-d2.	cnn's henry hanks was in the audience.
kim richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested thursday morning.	richards was taken into custody by police at the beverly hills hotel on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication.	richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges.
sheriff stanley glanz: "i'm losing my breath.	unlike bates, they are not charged with a crime".	bates, who is free on $25,000 bond pending trial, shot harris with his handgun.
chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder in the august 2013 shooting of christopher lane, a 23-year-old college student in duncan, about 80 miles south of oklahoma city.	lane, an australian attending east central university, was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by luna.
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy.	japan's nuclear watchdog, the nuclear regulation authority, had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the kansai electric power company's takahama nuclear plant.	locals successfully petitioned the court in fukui prefecture.
isis has been using abu ghraib and other cases of western abuse to legitimize its current actions in iraq.	in its propaganda, isis is being used by the islamic state in iraq and syria.
there are those who believe that mankind's activities are changing the planet's climate.	it's easy to brush aside debates involving major international corporations, but who would n't stop to think.
"somebody's got ta do it," rowe says.	pregracke wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece of detritus at a time.	pregracke has seven bedrooms, two bathrooms, a classroom and a kitchen.
law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body, and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side.	mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter but was released early due to good conduct.
gov.	mary fallin signed a bill on friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable.	nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen, fallin's office says.
there are two paths to practicing medicine in america.	lawmakers in those states are too often donning the white coats to orchestrate medical practice.	does anyone really believe i should n't talk about gun safety in these cases?
the explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others.	the claim appears to be the first in afghanistan by isis, cnn's nick paton walsh says.	it was made by an offshoot called isis wilayat khorasan.
the drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities.	officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel.
robert kennedy jr. was in sacramento, california, to campaign against senate bill 227.	he said: "this is a holocaust, what this is doing to our country.	i employed the term during an impromptu speech".
isis claims it controlled part of the facility, posting images online that purported to back up the claim.	iraq is working to fortify the facility's defenses, the council said.	the peshmerga are the national military force of kurdistan.
a couple in their 20s heard the crackle of a pending collapse.	concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car.	it took nine hours monday for crews to remove enough debris to discover the death toll.
tokyo electric power company deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down.	the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected.	tepco said the yellow glow could not be seen when filmed from other angles.
the american pharmacists association is discouraging its members from participating in executions.	the group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection.	thirty-two sates allow capital punishment, and lethal injection is still the most common method.
the cargo ship sank in the mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid, a u.n. official said.	the account she offered differs from that provided by italian authorities on sunday.
russian tv channel aired hillary clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences, because of fears it might run afoul of the country's anti-gay propaganda law.	clinton's video was released over the weekend to announce the start of her 2016 u.s. presidential campaign.	russia's controversial law caused an international outcry after it was passed by the russian parliament.
somalia-based islamist militant group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack.	the blast targeted and killed at least 10 people, police said.	the area is not a new target for al-shabaab, which has battled somalia's government.
the london-based artist has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners are n't looking.	her quest has uncovered a fascinating, if idiosyncratic, collection of shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings, all poignant pieces of others' lives.	now a gallery in london has put a selection on display for the public.
italian government has announced the end of "mare nostrum".	the italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people.	triton has about one-third of the funding of mare nostrum, with just six ships and patrol boats.
reports: the gulf of mexico's seafood industry, which supplies the united states with roughly 40% of its seafood, is finally starting to rebound.	one of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the gulf crab.
the ship, the mu du bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july.	mexico defended the move wednesday, saying it followed proper protocol because the company that owns the ship, north korea's ocean maritime management company, has skirted united nations sanctions.
a federal jury's decision to convict dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombings was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes.	the case regularly lands on the front pages of our two daily newspapers, the globe and the herald, and often leads the local television newscasts.
heather mack, 19, gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago.	schaefer was found guilty with her boyfriend, tommy schaefer, on the indonesian island.	schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von wiese-mack to death.
asiana airlines plane overran a runway while landing at japan's hiroshima airport.	there were 73 passengers and eight crew members.	authorities are investigating initial reports that the airbus a320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing.
drake appeared less than enthused after madonna's prolonged smooch onstage at the coachella music festival in california on sunday.	in an update monday from "champagnepapi" himself on instagram, the rapper clarified his reaction: "do n't misinterpret my shock!!"
brazilian supermodel gisele bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at sao paulo fashion week.	the 34-year-old, who is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady, has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
cnn's sanjay gupta looks at the history of the herb in medicine -- including its prescription by queen victoria's doctor.	the use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia, to at least 2730 b.c.
mount everest was the world's highest peak since a deadly season last year.	the april 18 accident was the single deadliest to ever occur on mount everest.	climbing teams have not yet entered khumbu icefall, which is essentially a frozen river rapid.
jury must decide whether boston marathon bomber tsarnaev should live or die for what he has done.	four young people are gone, and grief fills the spaces they once occupied.	others are expected to come and cry for lingzi lu, "a jolly soul," pellegrini says.
pope francis has accepted the resignation of bishop robert finn, who remained on the job for years.	the case was tried by a judge instead of by jury because prosecutors wanted to protect the young victims' anonymity.	finn was convicted of one count but not a misdemeanor charge he also faced.
"batman v. superman: dawn of justice" is owned by time warner.	instead of ben affleck and henry cavill facing off, this version wonders what it would be if this film was made at the time.
"the americans," 10 p.m.	et wednesday, fx.	critics and viewers seem to have taken to "fresh," the first sitcom with an asian-american cast since the 1990s.	fox's american remake, "gracepoint," did n't last, but the signs are looking good.
sue and johnny storm's father initiates the project that ends up giving the foursome their powers.	the movie, due out august 7, promises a very different take on the classic marvel comics characters.
eric church's "pledge allegiance to the hag" was a fine throwback.	it was bound to be bigger than any previous year's acms.	but bigger is n't always better.
"just sad john and george are n't here," said the 74-year-old drummer.	it's easy to talk of such spirit when paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr, and yoko ono is on hand as well.
joss whedon claims whedon and goddard took the idea for "the cabin in the woods".	he's suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages.	gallagher is basing his claim on the works' names and personalities.
mariah carey is working on the yet-untitled project with carey's good friend director brett ratner co-producing.	shestack: "it will be everything you hope a christmas movie with mariah carey would be".
olivia wilde and garrett hedlund are set to return for disney's "tron 3".	the pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "tron: legacy" in the sequel.
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs.	he "gave up without the use of force," baltimore deputy police commissioner says.	gray was carrying a "pocket knife of legal size," attorney says.
the vatican says pope francis may add another leg to his trip to the united states.	the possibility, which would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip.
the deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan's eye.	he photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city's skyline.	the fires were started in southeastern siberia, by farmers burning grass in their fields.
amy's kitchen recalls more than 70,000 cases of food due to fear of listeria contamination.	each report will list recalled items with their product codes.	they will also include the recalled products' use-by dates, and the geographical areas affected.
dallas mavericks owner mark cuban advised twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available.	singer taylor swift urged her fans to remind their parents to get screening tests.	freedom of information -- always sounds like a good thing.
cyclist wang pingan neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province.	wang locked up his trusty mountain bike, loaded with panniers, to check out electronics markets in the city's huaqiangbei area.	police apprehended an alleged criminal and sent wang a photo of a bike they recovered.
the indonesian government summoned the saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry.	karni tarsim had been beheaded, without official warning.	she was sentenced to death in march 2013 for killing her employer's wife in 1999.
prime minister tony abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds.	his feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others.	abbott was in a sydney pub on saturday evening when a group of australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them.
three british citizens arrested in the united arab emirates are to be released monday.	the three have been in jail since february 22.	there will be no travel ban, and the men will not face deportation.
boko haram has been identified as a recruiting ground for boko haram.	the last attack in cameroon by the nigeria-based militants was march 10, when the assailants struck the locality of kerawa-mafa in a failed attempt.
al-shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on april 2, police commando says.	the commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals and because he was not authorized to speak.	kenya's police air wing chief col. rogers mbithi denied that his unit caused any delay.
apple tablet had all the personal touches.	proceeds will go to a school in montevideo, uruguay.	it's not the first time a papal hand-me-down has gone for big bucks.	cnn's marilia brocchetto contributed to this report.
prince jan zylinski said he was fed up with discrimination against poles living in britain.	complains that britain's membership of the european union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants, many from impoverished eastern europe, into his "small island" nation.
italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world.	the unesco-listed basilica of assisi, where st. frances' tomb lies, is just the last of a series of national shames.
copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in the heart of danish capital.	the brewery has been home to the famous carlsberg brewery since 1847, and with it a big slice of danish cultural history.
miami-dade fire rescue battalion chief al cruz grew to be more than 10 times that within the next 24 hours.	the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50% contained, the fire department says.
the vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore near le borgne.	it began to sail toward the island of providenciales in the turks and caicos.	so far, 11 victims -- eight men and three women.
the lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe.	there are absolutely no humidity, and (these conditions) create some striking contrasts.
dr. seuss book sent a wave of nostalgic giddiness across twitter.	the book will be the first new, original dr. seuss book since "oh, the places you'll go!"
frida ghitis: i was in disaster management long enough to know that there is really no one right way to mark the anniversary of a tragic event.	she says that is a blessing, and it's worth going back to highlight some of the more strategic lessons that came out of that week.
hillary clinton is a big fan of president obama's health care law, but not so much of a booster.	ap's lisa lerer, who was in iowa this past week for the clinton campaign rollout, went on to serve loyally as his secretary of state.
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward.	the sentencing phase begins tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race.
the 60-year-old australian was arrested in november last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home in new zealand.	rudd fired several employees because the release of his solo album in august had flopped in the charts.	rudd could face up to seven years in prison for the charge of threatening to kill.	he is currently released on bail until the sentencing hearing on june 26.
iran is about to try a u.s. citizen and washington post reporter and we have made a judgment that even while we protest, we will keep the nuclear issue separated not just from this case.	iran's allies, bashar al-assad's syria, hezbollah and now the houthis -- not proxies, but we need them precisely because iran is rising.
an estimated 50,000 americans are newly infected with hiv every year.	the controversial topic of syringe exchange programs has come to the fore again.	this time, scientific evidence continues to show that this is simply not true.
erika langhart was looking forward to her daughter coming home for thanksgiving.	she received a call from erika's cell phone.	erika's mom said she "picked up the phone and answered it".
scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica.	the last time a new glassfrog was found in costa rica was back in 1973, according to the costa rican amphibian research center.
rabbis mendel epstein, 69 ; jay goldstein, 60, and binyamin stimler, 39, were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in new jersey.	the men were arrested in october 2013 following an fbi sting operation that ended with goldstein, stimler and six other men with ski masks, surgical blades and a 30-foot nylon rope in a warehouse in middlesex county, new jersey.	lawyers for each of the rabbis said they plan on appealing the convictions.
aaron hernandez has no conceivable reason to kill a man who was his friend, his future brother-in-law and a reliable purveyor of the marijuana he chain-smoked.	the jury in the high-profile trial resumed deliberations wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on tuesday.
"the dukes of hazzard," died monday after a brief illness.	best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff rosco p. coltrane on tv's "the dukes of hazzard".
illinois state university associate men's basketball coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the ncaa tournament final.	the aircraft went down overnight monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington, illinois.	it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft, which the national transportation safety board tweeted was a cessna 414.	there's also a picture of a small plane with the words, "my ride to the game was n't bad # indy2015f4".
dave poulin has "had plenty of opportunity to step forward," mayor scott schrecengost says.	the sculpture, a gift to the town from its original owners, has been on display since 2009.	poulin said he has been talking to celoron officials for several years.
al-shabaab has killed many more kenyans and is by far the country's most persistent tormenter.	al-shabaab is based, with the crushing operation linda nchi, swahili for "protect the country".	kenyan special forces killed four gunman, but not before 147 victims were shot dead.
khaled batarfi, a senior al qaeda figure, was among the escapees, officials say.	government troops arrived early thursday and clashed with the al qaeda fighters.	yemen has been descending into chaos since shiite houthi rebels removed hadi.
the petition, which was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in izmir, has almost 5,500 signatures.	it adds that "uneducated padawan" -- the novice jedis in george lucas' "star wars" film franchise, "are moving to the dark side".
frances bean cobain worked as an intern in the new york offices of rolling stone.	she remembers providing research assistance on a cover about the jonas brothers.	frances, now 22 and a visual artist, speaks publicly for the first time about her father.
unicef said friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies, meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of yemen.	the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families, unicef says.
the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis' de facto capital of raqqa.	it described the strike as successful.	canadian forces are part of the u.s.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's bloody advances.
slager, 33, has been fired, officials say.	his wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born, north charleston mayor says.
"the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days," spokesman says.	the storm system also brought down trees onto streets and buildings.
cnn affiliate tvnz reported that the complaint was filed thursday morning by graham mccready.	mccready's complaint claimed that key had breached a section of the country's human rights act relating to sexual harassment.	key publicly apologized to bailey, a waitress at his local cafe, for repeatedly tugging on her ponytail.
sammy griner, now an 8-year-old named sammy's mother, created a gofundme campaign with a goal of $75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant.	his dad, justin, needs a kidney transplant.
sevdet besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act.	the other suspect, a 19-year-old, has not yet appeared in court.	there was also a risk to the public, police say.
hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.	he's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of lloyd.	it's scheduled to begin in may, but not legally required to get a conviction.
espn reporter britt mchenry says she's lost her cool from time to time.	she says she has n't really lived her life with that mantra.	mchenry says she has apologized on twitter.
alfred taubman, a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls, died friday at the age of 91.	the announcement was made by his son, robert taubman, the chairman, president and chief executive officer of taubman centers inc..	he founded the taubman co. in 1950 and began to demonstrate what the company's website calls an "ability to assess and overcome threshold resistance".
some scientists are saying "the blob" could be playing a factor.	but if you're a salmon fisherman in washington or a california resident hoping to see the end of the drought, the blob could become an enemy of top concern.
the tiny settlement of tristan da cunha is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future well into the 21st century.	with the help of the royal institute of british architects riba) contestants will have to factor in irregular design questions.
enoch gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in cottonwood, and suspect david gaver, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.	police say pepper spray was deployed and that at least three shots were fired in an apparent struggle for an officer's gun.
some turks still view the armenians as having been a threat to the ottoman empire in a time of war.	victims of the mass killings also included some of the 1.8 million armenians living in the caucasus.
hillary clinton announced she was running for president.	he was a former shriner of the year at the cabarrus shrine club.	he wrote in the obituary's online guestbook.	i will vote for hillary if she is the best candidate.
hillary clinton has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry.	the former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months.	clinton's allies in the finance world are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors in new york and beyond.
mercedes driver and f1 leader lewis hamilton stole pole position for sunday's chinese grand prix.	hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap, beating rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin.	german appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake hamilton's hand.
cambodian-american ly sivhong is telling an engrossed audience a tragic, but familiar, story.	ly, then 13, was separated from her mother and two sisters who would succumb to starvation.
researchers: young men sell all they have in the hope of a better life in europe.	the international organization for migration has tracked the migrant flows through north africa for years.	eritreans have long been prominent among the travelers, escaping an authoritarian government.
the man was identified later as sid ahmed ghlam, french interior minister bernard cazeneuve told television broadcaster tf1.	ghlam was someone suspected of killing a 32-year-old woman hours earlier and who then intended to launch a larger-scale terror attack in the near future.	molins said he had accidentally injured himself when he mishandled a weapon.
israel's memorial day commemoration is for bereaved family members such as braham.	her husband, philippe braham, was one of 17 people killed in january's terror attacks.	he was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in, killing four people, all of them jewish.
mohammed abu khdeir's name appeared this week on the wall at jerusalem's mount herzl.	abu khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three israelis in july.	almagor's organization wrote a letter to the national insurance institute of israel.
penelope cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film.	stiller and owen wilson dropped the news by sharing a photo of "little penny" cruz.	it is scheduled for release in february 2016.
saudi official: airstrikes have degraded houthi-controlled military infrastructure.	saudis say they want to restore the yemeni government, a key u.s. ally in the fight against al qaeda.	ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation.
adam gadahn, 36, was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation.	neither he nor ahmed farouq -- another u.s. citizen and al qaeda operative who died in 1978.	gadahn was one of its most prominent members.
"dark seoul" paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters, disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean.	north korea announced it would end the armistice agreement that brought the three-year korean war to an end in july 1953.	the attack raised serious concerns about the safety and security of the 23 nuclear power plants it runs.
hillary clinton, who has been one of the leading opponents of president barack obama's health care plan, acknowledged that he would be enrolling in the affordable race.	he also promised to reverse the marijuana legalization laws that many states have been enacting in response to ballot initiatives.	both of these statements could come back to bite him, should he run for president.
hillary clinton's father, hugh rodham, announced her run for the white house.	he's tended to the grave site at the washburn street cemetery in scranton, pennsylvania.	police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over.
kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page.	it has already been viewed more than 1 million times.	he said he's been surprised by the attention since he considered the whole thing a "nonevent.
steve woolfenden was still holding the handles of his son's stroller.	he pulled back the stroller's cover and saw that his son was conscious but bleeding from the left side of his head.	that was before he noticed his achilles tendon, which resembled transparent tape covered in blood.
the world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse.	the report is the result of a hard economic analysis performed by the boston consulting group built on a foundation of the latest ocean science.
relations between iran and saudi arabia have always been thorny, but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today.	in its most recent incarnation, the iranian-saudi conflict by proxy has reached yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic.
the country will always be a bridge between africa and europe, as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the mediterranean so starkly shows.	over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone.	european leaders are scrambling to deal with this emergency.
the trouble is that the majority of our partners do not have credible and capable special operations forces to respond to and defeat the current threat, and we're not doing nearly enough to address the problem.	it's not because we do n't recognize the problem -- nor that we do n't talk the talk.
yogita kanhaiya's father-in-law, also a cotton farmer, wo n't be around to see his children.	her husband, moreshwor, a cotton farmer, took his own life.	it's a familiar story in families across western india's cotton production belt.
skywest airlines flight made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york, on wednesday after a passenger lost consciousness.	she said the airliner expects to accommodate the 75 passengers on another aircraft to their original destination -- hartford, connecticut.
the city known for excess of everything -- drinking, dancing in the street until all hours.	it turns out that the city known for its over-the-top mardi gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests (starting friday!) did n't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore.
indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row.	the 10 inmates, from australia, france, nigeria and indonesia had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014.
rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe.	his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times.	francis has appeared on the nbc sports network outdoor lifestyle show "eye of the hunter".	he was the subject of an interview with hunting life in late march.
scott kelley, a fugitive accused of kidnapping, was featured on cnn's "the hunt".	her trial is scheduled to start next month.	kelley has been wanted since 2004, accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution.
the whale, named varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers).	it said the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip between the "warm breeding waters of the arctic and antarctic regions".
aaron hernandez, the former nfl player and convicted murderer sentenced to life without parole.	he will be shipped to massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison.	it's the state's newest prison, about 40 miles outside downtown boston.
the jury must decide whether bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, should live or die for what he has done.	it was the second day the boston jury heard a procession of heartbreaking loss.	she recalled the force of the blast that killed three people and injured over 200 that april day in 2013.
wei tingting, wang man, zheng churan, li tingting and wu rongrong were freed.	the women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted.
obama administration's clean power plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan.	wednesday, the white house will celebrate earth day and promote its work to fend off climate change.	yet wednesday, the obama administration's energy policy plan is biased against it.
"the obesity issue is the most troubling because the trend is going in the wrong direction," he says.	the problem is so worrisome for the army that recruiters have become fitness coaches.
thin mints, the most popular cookie, contains refined white flour, sugar, partially hydrogenated oil, and high fructose corn syrup.	the first ingredient in those caramel delites is sugar, but they also contain corn syrup and high fructose corn syrup.
"i'm on television and you're in a f**king trailer, honey," and "i would n't work at a scumbag place like this.	'' the # firebrittmchenry hashtag was already trending on twitter.
in south carolina earlier this month, walter scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support.	the seemingly innocuous genesis of police authority (initial stop and question, can have fatal results.
hillary clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she'll start an unnecessary war.	if rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions in the oval office, she'd be better off worrying about the male candidates for president.
obama explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba, which friedman described as the "obama doctrine.	'' he stated that "we will engage, but we preserve all our capabilities".
robert bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police.	bates thought he was going to use a taser on eric harris, who deputies had tackled after he sold an undercover officer a lugar pistol.
hillary clinton's campaign rollout has posted a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted sunday afternoon.	vox has posted a handy "by the numbers" for her campaign video.	there are three separate mentions of motherhood.
the republican senator from florida has announced that he is seeking the republican presidential nomination, running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the american dream.	yet rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues: immigration reform and cuba relations.	he later distanced himself from the bill after it ran into resistance from house republicans.
"this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred," his sister madylin sweeten said in a statement.	sweeten was born in may 1995 in brownwood, texas.	he is believed to have shot himself on the front porch.
nfl draft begins on april 30, and while the tampa bay buccaneers are on the clock with the no.	1 overall pick, the clock is still ticking for another team.	the league has also retained renaissance associates, an investigatory firm with forensic expertise.
police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular holiday weekend heist of safe deposit ltd through the shaft of an elevator that is used by several businesses in the building.	the thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building -- which would be the same as the third floor in the united states.	johnson said he had no figure for the value of what was stolen.
british police investigating a spectacular heist in the heart of london's jewelry district.	they knew a burglar alarm had been activated at hatton garden safe deposit ltd..	the theft was so big that police have n't come with a value for what was stolen.
sofia vergara is playing defense in a legal battle initiated by her ex-fiance.	he wants to keep the two frozen embryos from their relationship.	the suit does n't identify the names of the actual litigants.
a judge ruled bp was responsible for the release of 3.1 million barrels.	bp, the company that caused the spill, is eager to point out it appears the gulf of mexico is healing itself.	bp's vice president of communications said there is no doubt birds, fish, turtles, sub-sea vegetation and even sediment species were all affected.
kenyan police arrest five suspects in connection with thursday's attack.	interior minister joseph nkaissery said friday, according to cnn affiliate ntv.	nkaissery told reporters the university will be able to confirm saturday if everyone has been accounted for.
italian authorities say they had launched a "vast anti-terrorism operation" friday.	the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in afghanistan and pakistan as well as in italy.	the suspects had been under surveillance for years, some as far back as 2005.
vivien leigh played scarlett o'hara in "gone with the wind".	the outfit, a gray two-piece ensemble, was on the verge of being tossed out.	they come from the huge collection amassed by james tumblin, who used to work at universal studios.
students from the ahmadu bello university are currently applying the final touches to the "abucar 2".	the students used locally available materials to build the vehicle, and even included recycled electrical components in the engine.	it runs on gasoline, the engine maximizes fuel efficiency and produces fewer emissions than normal cars.
ashish thakkar built his vast business empire from scratch.	the ugandan tycoon started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy.	these days, his mara group spans over 20 countries and he's been called "africa's youngest billionaire.
joao vaccari neto at his home in sao paulo on wednesday morning.	vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering.	vaccari is the closest political figure to rousseff so far implicated in the investigation.	rousseff has insisted she supports the probe and has not in any way interfered with the investigation.
hillary clinton's online declaration for president means the focus will shift to the campaign.	clinton's tenure at the state department should be a major issue in the upcoming campaign.	only a handful of the nation's top diplomats have gone to the white house.
hillary clinton has leased her headquarters space in brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official.	the president is headed to panama for a regional summit, and julie pace of the associated press reports one of the big questions is whether he'll make history.
chile's calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours.	about 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places, the interior ministry says.	the eruption is a first for many in the region.
most companies in south korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week.	it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues.	for koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like.
gov.	mike pence issued an executive order monday to extend a public health emergency.	the increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.	pence issued an order in march for scott county, which then had 79 confirmed cases a year.
what's better for america's status in the world? b) being a global leader in innovation, job creation, education, social mobility, social mobility.	but the unfortunate reality is that the united states leads the world in incarceration, not education.
jake tapper is the next anchor of cnn's sunday morning political interview program.	he will remain the channel's chief washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "the lead.	'' tapper is seen as an authority on politics, something a program like "state of the union" demands.
saudi arabia announced the end of its air campaign.	the strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted.	saudi arabia and its coalition partners started pounding houthi positions across yemen.
alaska airlines flight had taken off from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon.	the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold.	he'll no longer have the option of dozing aboard one of the airline's planes.
the united states is urging china to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.	authorities detained the women in three cities -- beijing, guangzhou and hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for international women's day on march 8.	protesters in several cities have called for their release and taken to social media with the phrase "free the five" as a hashtag.
hillary clinton surprised the world yet again, not with the official launch of her campaign.	she dismissed her launch video as a "relentlessly, insultingly vapid" effort of "demographic box-checking".	jon stewart lampooned it as a "state farm commercial gone viral" and also "boring as s".
this year is the time and the united nations' international climate negotiations are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions.	the united states has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
ahmed farouq did n't have the prestige of fellow al qaeda figure osama bin laden.	two al qaeda hostages, warren weinstein of the united states and giovanni lo porto from italy.	hasan is the u.s. army psychiatrist sentenced to death for killing 13 people.
kagoshima district court found no "irrationalities" in new safety standards.	court ruled that the sendai nuclear power plant in kagoshima could restart.	the ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring japanese nuclear reactors back into operation.
the grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression.	her daughter asked during a recorded interview with egyptian television network cbc.	dahou was forced to fend for herself in egypt's patriarchal south.
the clown prince of crime will appear in 2016's "suicide squad".	he will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since the late heath ledger.
obama has argued with the progressive potentate elizabeth warren.	he is the same potentate to whom hillary clinton has been religiously prostrating.	what everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of democratic politics.
the prosecution's emphasis: cruelty classically consists of a desire to cause pain and suffering in innocent victims, or at the opposite extreme, it reflects a cold, callous indifference.	cruelty really provides us a lens into the worst of the worst of the worst.
"the dark knight returns" is widely credited for resurrecting batman in pop culture.	miller will be joined by acclaimed artist brian azzarello.	this third chapter in the grim saga will be released in the fall.
caitlyn baggett, morgan bass, abbie deloach and catherine pittman were killed in the crash.	they were traveling to a hospital in savannah, georgia southern university.	clinicals include hands-on instruction at a health care facility.
sunday's contest at big texan steak ranch in amarillo, texas, was n't even close.	molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three rolls and shrimp cocktails.	she did it all in 20 minutes, setting a record in the process.
aaron hernandez had now gone from a $40 million pro-football contract to a term of life without parole in a maximum-security prison.	strachan said she was struck by the viciousness of multiple gunshots.	before the trial, at least one juror -- rosalie oliver, had n't heard of the 25-year-old defendant.
senior u.s. official: u.s. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert's release, either directly to al qaeda or through proxies in pakistan.	another senior pakistani official told cnn that weinstein's capture by al qaeda made it hard for the united states to negotiate, even though proxies such as the pakistani government have links to intermediaries.
about a third of americans use some form of alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies because they find western medicine inadequate.	creams such as arnicare for male virility are part of a $2.9 billion business that has seen "explosive growth".
america has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of americans are in prison.	most disturbingly, nearly 40% of our country's prisoners are african-americans.
president kennedy is a college student, born into a political family.	the other will receive this award in recognition of the stand he took when he broke with his party and sacrificed his political career to support responsible action to combat climate change.
larry johnson: "i thought we were done," he said thursday, one day later.	johnson said his girlfriend was seeing spots and that "when i was blinking, it was really bright.	i could barely see".
al qaeda took warren weinstein hostage.	he was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in january.	she has been described as the "poster girl" for islamic jihad and is serving an 86-year sentence.
the cases have all occurred in nigeria's ondo state since april 13, officials say.	the disease does not appear to be contagious, he said.	doctors sent samples of blood, urine and spinal fluid to a university in the city of lagos.
the planet has been mapped, circumnavigated, measured and tagged in every way imaginable.	he has been the first to see ancient pyramids, 30 meters high, that he spotted in aerial photographs.
russia expects kim jong un to visit moscow next month for world war ii anniversary celebrations.	kim's trip has been anticipated since late december, when russian state media reported that moscow had extended an invitation to pyongyang.	kim expected to visit moscow as north korea, russia foster warmer relations.
australia's participation in the gallipoli campaign is a zero sum game.	it's easy to lead a horse to water when, in the centenary year of the gallipoli campaign.	it is a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty.
giovanni lo porto put himself in harm's way to help, heading to pakistan to work on a much needed reconstruction project.	his work and his life, as he knew it then, came to a halt on january 19, 2012.	the native of the sicilian city of palermo died along with a fellow al qaeda leader.
netanyahu made the request at president reuven rivlin's jerusalem home monday.	"we have made progress and are on the way to forming a government," netanyahu says.	netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days.
sandra mackey died sunday, her son, colin mackey, said.	she was an undercover reporter working for u.s. newspapers from saudi arabia.	she was three times able to win permission to travel through the country unaccompanied.
"big one" experts were waiting for based on the region's history.	earthquakes are a fact of life in the south asian country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year.
the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works.	it's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational.
two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late friday.	she is in a hospital but is expected to be released on time for her daughter's funeral.	no one has claimed responsibility for her shooting.
"grey's anatomy" character played by patrick dempsey, dr. derek shepherd says.	"i absolutely never imagined saying goodbye to our' mcdreamy.	intriguingly, dempsey still has a year left on his contract.
aaron hernandez has been sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.	he was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition.	it was the right decision: guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of odin lloyd.
fadime gurgen says her family has had close friendships with armenians going back generations.	she says turkey's ottoman rulers had planned and carried out a "monstrous crime" in the years.	turkey also disputes armenia's count of the numbers killed, putting it at 300,000.
cetin cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented armenian-turkish journalist hrant dink.	she tells heranus' story in an evocative memoir titled "my grandmother.	like many other survivors of 1915, heranus assimilated and kept her identity hidden".
cher, one of our most famous armenians, was better known for her oscar-winning portrayals of italians.	in fact, the turks continue to deny that ethnic cleansing occurred, saying the armenians had hatched a rebellion, and that the leaders had no choice but to deport them from their homes and put them on the road.
real estate in london's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers' eye.	africans who are coming into london are now welcoming a new wave of african investors.	nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar.
bruce jenner told abc's diane sawyer and the world on friday night that "yes, for all intents and purposes," the declaration was n't particularly surprising.	paparazzi have been stalking the former olympic champion for months, breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss.
fritz bauer, the german-jewish attorney general of hessen, expressed the simple hope that ss men had engaged in extermination out of duress.	the refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of holocaust trials.	john demjanjuk, whose conviction by a munich court in 2011 established the precedent that has now made possible the trial of oskar gröning.
many climate scientists believe that an increase of 2 degrees celsius in the global average temperature could be the tipping point for climate change.	cnn's richard roth asks about a sweet tradition that's leaving some with a bitter taste.
this page includes the show transcript.	use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.	the roll call: for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news! thank you for using cnn student news is created by a team of journalists.
police say when gray saw police on april 12, he started running.	but it seems like the questions in the controversial case just keep growing.	baltimore police union attorney: officers had every right to chase gray.
the teenager was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an australian parade honoring the war dead.	he was charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas.
nepal had been hit by its worst earthquake since 1934, when more than 10,000 people were killed.	nepal has also made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health.
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston on april 8.	the babies are named ava lane, hazel grace, olivia marie, parker kate and riley paige.
emanuel vega has come to baptist health primary care for a physical exam.	35-year-old asks vega about his exercise and sleeping schedule and orders blood and urine tests.	vega is one of more than 44 million americans who is taking part in a medical ritual.
fda issued guidance that the fda is violating the companies' free speech rights.	the suit, filed in u.s. district court in washington, argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague.	they violate the first amendment because they pre-emptively restrict free speech.
youtube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in "youtube spaces".	it's been a long day of filming "the crawler in the dark," a new sci-fi horror movie set in japan's meiji era.	it's the most popular youtube channels draw larger audiences than many tv networks.
"the eureka factor" explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after "aha!" moment.	research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration, most of us end up suppressing it.
youtube would teach the kiddos how to put on eyeliner or style their hair like a favorite star.	the hashtag # kyliejennerchallenge has been trending on twitter in recent days.	posters showing off the often disturbing results of their efforts.
richard corliss, 71, died a week after suffering a major stroke.	he called him "perhaps the magazine's most quoted writer of all time".	unlike some critics, corliss appreciated all kinds of movies.
"avengers: age of ultron" robert downey jr. walked out on an interview, his co-stars chris evans and jeremy renner found themselves in hot water wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview.	when asked by digital spy about the character black widow's flirtations with the other superheroes, renner responded "she's a slut," and evans, laughing, added that she is a "complete whore".
lewis, the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis, died tuesday.	he also appeared with the actor in "thunderbolt and lightfoot".	lewis portrayed real-life prohibition-era gangster harry pierpont in "high plains drifter".
marvel's "daredevil" premiered its first season on netflix, the company confirmed tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016.	the show focuses on attorney matt murdock, played by charlie cox as he fights injustice by day using the law.
david ayer is directing the feature, which already boasts actors jared leto as the joker.	common is currently on screen with warners' liam neeson thriller "run all night".	he is due to shoot relativity's "hunter killer" with gerard butler in july.
fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by kenneth ortega ("high school musical".	the special will be produced by fox 21 television studios, and berman's the jackal group.
barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s.	she had never seen herself dancing -- until now.	mark cantor of jazz-on-film.com and some volunteers put together a video of "soundies".
david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly.	he is meeting his family for dinner at holsten's, a real-life diner and ice cream parlor in bloomfield, new jersey.	it's a seemingly harmless get-together, one that could have happened any time in tony's life.
sheriff's office has not responded to repeated calls for comment from cnn.	an attorney for the harris family said that bates was n't qualified to be on the force, but received preferential treatment because he'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff.
"it was time to put an end to it," lt. thomas heffernan of the bethlehem police department says.	the bull of the heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision with a car could easily have been fatal.
the last three defendants prosecuted in the hazing death of florida a & m drum major robert champion were convicted friday of manslaughter and hazing with the result of death.	champion, 26, died in november 2011 after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus.
cathay pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from london to hong kong.	the pilot, who has not been identified, was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on saturday night.
anderson, an american who was in nepal for trekking and meditation, was in his hotel room when the quake struck around midday.	he sent updates via twitter about what he was seeing in the lalitpur district of kathmandu.
"parts unknown" stopped by anderson cooper's kitchen to cook up the spicy and funky stew.	it's probably a good thing budda-jiigae is also a storied hangover cure.	sliced korean rice cakes (can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or korean specialty store).
tsa report: full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection".	"no single measure can provide broad-spectrum protection against risks or adversaries," report says.	only two major airports in the u.s. -- miami and orlando.
americans on the no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights and be given the opportunity to dispute their status.	the decision was part of an american civil liberties union lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 americans.
betty whitehead willis, the designer of the iconic "welcome to fabulous las vegas, died over the weekend.	she was 91.	willis never trademarked her most-famous work, calling it "my gift to the city".
amanda curtis, ceo of a fashion company, snapped the lucky shot.	families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners.	they seem to spawn a new trend every other week.
"all the light we can not see," wrote william t. vollmann in the new york times book review.	doerr's work was also a finalist for the national book award.	it's his second novel and fourth work of fiction.
melissa atkins wardy, author of "redefining girly" and a passionate advocate for fighting gender stereotypes, heard from a frustrated mom on facebook, she knew she needed to do something.	the fabric did n't include two of the heroes from the movie: the female characters, honey lemon and gogo.
when i started this project, my brother texted me, "wait until you get to lot.	i am horrified by the story of lot in genesis.	lot is the term used in my 1991 edition of the bible.
viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions on the "finding jesus" facebook page during the season finale about mary magdalene.	below are some of the most interesting, and my answers to them.
fast-food outlet burger king will sponsor the wedding of an illinois couple.	the couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a burger king restaurant sign for a photo.	they were interviewed by reporter dave bakke of the state capital.
mindy kaling's brother says he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school.	chokal-ingam says he hatched the plan in 1998 after realizing in college that his grades were n't going to be good enough to get into med school as an indian-american.
police officers mark ehrenburg and ricky ferriola cut the seat belt from her, then dragged the woman's limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care.	the rescue started when someone reported an erratic driver on thursday, and the officers sped off to investigate.
obama promised to use the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre by turks of armenians.	it's a moral position taken by pope francis, actor george clooney and even by the kardashians.
humans never have lived on a planet that's 2 degrees celsius (3.6 fahrenheit) warmer than it was before we started burning fossil fuels, and climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark.	think super droughts, rising seas and mass extinctions.
politicians are preoccupied with how they can win the next election or give the best sound bite.	lobby groups work to protect their narrow self-interests while ignoring a broader vision of what is best for our country.
hillary clinton's "scooby-doo" van is followed by throngs of press.	it's not hard to imagine the conversations inside the hillary clinton camp prelaunch: how can the people in iowa and new hampshire.
new cnn/orc poll finds 57% feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples.	41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons.
"seventy-two hours notification means three days, at least, to go to the execution.	it may be longer.	there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification," tony spontana says.
"the big bang theory" will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf.	scarlett johannsson is the host, the day after her new blockbuster "avengers" movie opens nationwide.
dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.	she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft.	the clinic fired lindsey, covered her name on its marquee with duct tape, and publicly distanced itself from her actions.
five people are missing, but one of them has since been rescued.	more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water.
"we were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," said climber carsten pederson.	but those avalanches did n't appear to be on the same scale as those that came roaring down.	people tried to flee as the onrushing wall of snow, ice and rocks took out large sections.
manny pacquiao has been named as the referee of next month's fight between mayweather and pacquiao.	bayless, who has refereed five of mayweather's bouts and seven of pacquiao's, was described as "the best referee out there".
st. louis police have charged ronald williams, 21, with assault.	the victim, 43, said he was commuting home when a young black man asked to use the victim's cell phone.
blue tarps were visible from the sky for a couple of hours.	there's not a huge amount of visible damage.	the tents are covered, but water is seeping in from streets puddled with water.
jon "bones" jones, the reigning ufc light heavyweight champion, is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident".	a pregnant woman in her 20s was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident.
china's ministry of culture issued a statement thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.	strippers are invited to perform at funerals, often at great expense, to attract more mourners.	another report suggested another motivation: that the performances "add to the fun".
attorney: "no punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims' families'.	"we are asking you to punish jahar by imprisoning him for the rest of his life".	tsarnaev, 21, was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him ; 17 of those counts carry the death penalty.
ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti.	it's a record of each eritrean's name and their case -- whether they've had their resettlement interview.	the camp's 10,000 residents came in that 20 new dots needed to be scratched.
warren weinstein's family frantically searched for details about his whereabouts.	his wife said she was still searching for answers thursday.	gunmen abducted weinstein in 2011 from his home in lahore, parkistan.	they posed as neighbors, offered food and then pistol-whipped the american aid worker.
italy is coping with a rising wave of migrants from africa and middle east.	a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued, according to the italian coast guard.	sos calls from 20 boats in distress.
the mad rush of 24 hours previously, in those first confusing, cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the nepali capital.	families sit, camped out, silent and patiently waiting, but for now abandoned.	follow the latest coverage of nepal earthquake.
excited moviegoers gathered for a midnight screening of "the dark knight rises".	suspect james holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges.	he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
lil wayne's tour bus was shot multiple times, police say.	police are still looking for suspects.	they arrived at 3:25 a.m. and located two tour buses that had been shot.
india's prime minister narendra modi has made a special effort over nepal.	he has visited the country twice in his first year in office.	india's friendship is a signal for the other big country that shares a border with nepal.
freddie gray's family had asked there be quiet on baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest.	they became criers in the desert against countless people flinging rocks at police, breaking windows, looting and setting fires.
the woman is seen pulling her son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head.	she follows him screaming, "get the f -- over here!" eventually, he turns toward her, his face no longer covered.
professor at texas a & m galveston says he was worried about the job he has lined up after graduation.	horwitz says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues, and that he would fail the entire class.
arthur baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in southeast washington.	he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.	his next court date is april 23.
more than 9,000 injured.	quake struck the himalayan nation on saturday.	up to 200 people were feared missing as a result of a landslide.	it happened around 4 p.m. in langtang national park.
the main highway that heads east out of kathmandu shows massive cracks, the tarmac torn apart by the force of saturday's huge tremor.	one lane is bisected by gaping, half-meter (1.5 feet) fissures.	they've been filled in with rubble and dirt, allowing passage for those desperate citizens to reach their families in outlying districts.
official: none of the rescued girls and women are still being screened.	boko haram, a militant islamist group, has been kidnapping females for years.	boko haram has been identified thus far as among the missing girls.
the nepali pranksters' videos show people's reactions to various "pranks" that challenge cultural norms.	one video shows the pranksters walking up to strangers and taking their hands for a long, awkward, handshake.
south korea's prime minister lee wan-koo offered to resign in his official role until south korean president park geun-hye accepts his resignation.	he has transferred his role of chairing cabinet meetings to the deputy for the time being, according to his office.
robert downey jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie downey was there to promote.	must every interview be a license for a journalist to ask anything he'd like?
a baby boy pulled from the rubble of the nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country.	his name is sonit awal, and he's just four months old.	on saturday, sonit was at home in muldhoka, bhaktapur, east of the capital kathmandu.
hillary clinton is about to get her first official challenger.	sen. bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement within days.	"i do n't think he can necessarily challenge hillary clinton in terms of organization," said henderson.
ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on malala yousafzai.	the assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides.
residents of melamchi, central nepal, are happy to see us.	the mission, a joint effort between indian air crew and a nepalese army medical team, is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since saturday's 7.8-magnitude quake.	the situation in melamchi and the surrounding villages is "dire," he says.	he has serious concerns about food supplies in the region.
thousands remain missing in nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on saturday.	technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help and search for their missing loved ones.
"bali nine" duo, andrew chan and myuran sukumaran, the last australian executed for drug offenses abroad was van tuong nguyen by singapore in 2005.	van's death did not harm australia's relationship with singapore, nor the australian people's view of that country.
many australians are appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of andrew chan and myuran sukumaran.	the death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times, but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration.
baltimore investigators handed their files on freddie gray's death over to prosecutors thursday.	the state's attorney's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate.	no reports will be made public, police commissioner says.
german police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used, 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition, a gun, the essential parts of a g-3 assault rifle and 3 liters of hydrogen peroxide.	police had expanded their search along the l3004 road on the bike race route.
six of nepal's tragedy, life triumphed in kathmandu's hard-hit neighborhoods.	rescuers pulled an 15-year-old from the rubble of a multistory residential building.	he was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace.
baltimore city state's attorney marilyn mosby said prosecutors in the hardscrabble town had the "toughest job in america".	mosby, who took over her first elected post in january, now faces what is likely to be the toughest case of her nascent career.	gray, 25, died in police custody from a fatal spinal cord injury, one week after he was arrested.
kim bok-dong is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen, until she's no longer physically able.	she says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no woman -- should ever have to do.
the walkout occurred wednesday on the set of "the ridiculous six" near las vegas, new mexico.	the script called for native women's names such as "beaver's breath" and "no bra" and an actress portraying an apache woman to squat and urinate while smoking a peace pipe.
japanese prime minister shinzo abe is scheduled to speak wednesday to a joint meeting of congress.	the tpp is a potentially massive free trade agreement involving the united states, japan and 10 other pacific-facing nations.
cnn has spoken to have voiced their concern about the potential for an isis presence.	the rise of isis is an issue that the afghan president, ashraf ghani, has termed a "terrible threat".	u.s. officials cnn has spoken to have voiced their concern about the potential isis presence.
les moonves sits down at a restaurant in hollywood, it's usually the waiter's lucky night.	but when he walked into craig's in west hollywood last year, those roles were reversed.	this time, moonves' waiter, gabriel salvador, was the one serving up a mouthwatering opportunity.
"i'm not comfortable with it," fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter says.	"when a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something's wrong, something is usually wrong," he says.	baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences.
the comic book's psylocke was created by chris claremont and herb trimpe for the british "captain britain" series.	munn will play betsy braddock in the movie, which hits theaters may 27, 2016.
blue uniform shirts will be traded for command staff members of the indianapolis metropolitan police department (impd).	police departments around the country see more protests over the use of lethal force.
congolese immigrant tarsis mboma has a small business selling t-shirts in johannesburg, south africa.	thale's job normally requires him to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years.	but at the moment, he says, this is not an option.
iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian, the former president of iran says.	homosexuality is illegal.	you can be executed if convicted of engaging in sexual acts.	kissing another person of the same sex can earn corporal punishment, like lashes.
"the tonight show starring jimmy fallon," was a guest on "the tonight show starring jimmy fallon hits hot 100 with' ew!,' featuring will.i.am.	renner has proved he's more than a one-hit wonder by starring in both "avengers" films.
former rap mogul marion "suge" knight pleads not guilty to murder.	knight, 49, faces up to life in prison if convicted.	he faces one count of murder for the death of terry carter.
bruce willis is set to make his broadway debut in the upcoming play "misery".	the awards are set to be handed out june 7 in a ceremony airing at 8 p.m. on cbs.
jared leto's interpretation of the joker is an internet sensation.	set for release august 5, 2016, "suicide squad" is based on the dc comics series and also stars will smith, robbie and viola davis.
jay z's tidal music service to be owned by artists.	he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor spotify.	but less than a month after its debut, there's been chatter that the service is underwhelming.
universal announced thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on feb. 10, 2017.	the third film in the series will debut feb. 9, 2018.	james, whose real name is erika leonard, has been credited with keeping a strong amount of creative control.
sandra bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015.	she joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor, including last year's cover girl, lupita nyong'o, and gwyneth paltrow in 2013.
stephen hawking has proved his comedy chops on shows like "the big bang theory".	the collabo is in honor of saturday's record store day, when the 7-inch single will be available for sale.
dzhokhar "jahar" tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence.	the jury was sent home thursday because a juror was sick.	tsarnaev was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts, including 17 that carry a possible death penalty.
girls' names are causing the biggest stir, as there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess.	if the assumptions are correct, she will be the first princess of cambridge.
70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess.	the great british high street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of record sales should hrh princess fill in the blank) of cambridge be spotted in one of their outfits.
the basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to iran's religious leaders.	the basij has not been caught up in the fight against the feared islamic extremists.	but iran's elite revolutionary guard's quds force is already training, advising and supporting iraqi shia militias.
linda thompson, bruce jenner's second wife, says she can "breathe a little easier" knowing her ex-husband has found the strength to publicly declare he is transgender.	thompson wrote that she would not have married jenner if she had known about his "gender issue" when they first met.	the two married on january 5, 1981, followed by son brody in 1983.
bernie sanders, my vermont senator, is now running for president.	he is barely known to the general public, which makes him a very long shot.	he served as mayor of this progressive town on the shores of lake champlain.
the miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the wave of riots in the 1960s.	the immediate catalysts for the waves of riots in the 1960s before the death of dr. king.
liberal democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives.	the odds of congress passing another new deal or great society are minimal.	yet at the state and local level, the story has been much different.
survivors gathered wherever they could find open space -- fields, private compounds, empty roadside lots.	in chhauni, an ice cream seller ran double-time with his cart, while his radio relayed the latest.	locals were searching for survivors, but progress was slow.
photographer fabien le coq noticed an unusual tree.	he positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward.	the series, shot between 2012 and 2014, reflects le coq's travels through his native france and asia.
a man parked a rental truck packed with explosives in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city.	the fbi's goal, of course, is to prevent "homegrown attacks" before they happen.
mui thomas, wanted to be a fashion model, not an unusual aspiration for a young girl.	but mui suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection.	she's thought to be the fourth oldest person alive with harlequin ichthyosis.
hundreds of corpses were discovered in shallow graves in damasak.	the victims included men, women and children murdered by boko haram.	boko haram has widened its deadly attacks to niger, chad and cameroon.
the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid, a system of racial segregation implemented by the white-minority government in south africa for decades.
the head of the libyan army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any eu military intervention.	the european union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats and trying to reach european shores.
prosecutor javier de luca dismissed allegations that argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner tried to cover up iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing in buenos aires.	the case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in january.	nisman was found dead days after making the accusations.
ciudad juarez was once known as the murder capital of the world.	but five years later, local officials say the city is much safer, and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to juarez.
shinzo abe has been disappointing on japan's wartime history.	he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for japan's wartime actions in asia where the bitter legacies remain divisive.	this "abenesia" is harmful to japan's international image, riles china and south korea.
the progress will not be docking and will re-enter the earth's atmosphere.	the progress does not present any danger to the international space station.	russia lost contact with iss progress 59 during a resupply mission to the international space station.
nato says they are not a deliberate response to the russian military's increasingly brazen behavior.	the british-led war games are code named joint warrior and the numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft.	nato says the planning started long before russia began behaving as an adversary.
the golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite israeli governmental control.	it is home to 41,000 residents, including jews, druze and alawites.	israel seized the territory from syria during the 1967 israel-arab war.
jean nidetch became a heavyweight heavyweight in the weight-loss industry.	the founder of weight watchers died wednesday at her florida home in florida.	she was 38 years old and weighed more than 200 pounds.
jeff courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old mocha -- a pure bred fawn-colored doberman pincher.	she had to have emergency stomach surgery after a piece of plastic from an orange juice container perforated her intestine.	she had 28 staples down her belly and 10 inches of intestine removed, parkinson said.
mary doyle keefe died this week at her connecticut home in simsbury, connecticut.	she was petite, keefe was transformed into the iconic -- and burly -- embodiment of the character by rockwell.	rockwell lived in neighboring west arlington at the time.
six month's worth of garbage is similar to what the average person generates in half a year.	the small amount of waste shreeves does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar.	its contents include produce stickers, some paper tea bag wrappers and a long.
cheryl's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad.	cheryl has a birthday, and she does n't want to share it right away.
kate parker asked ella, now 9.	she got chills from her daughter's direct stare.	it is one of parker's favorites from her series, "strong is the new pretty.	hers did n't want girls to think they had to look like that".
the u.s. supreme court will hear oral arguments tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry.	the question at the core of obergefell v. hodges is one of the most consequential debates of the early 21st century.
seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually makes it about 40% larger than the 7.8 currently being reported.	it is quite possible the number of dead in kathmandu could rise to match it.
ben powers, who played thelma's (bernnadette stanis) husband keith anderson on the final season, has died.	powers also had a regular role as "moochie" on the cbs detective drama show, mickey spillane's mike hammer.
johanna basford's "secret garden: an inky treasure hunt & coloring book".	it was a similarly named coloring book that adults were buying, for themselves, and it was n't the only one in the top 10.
heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012.	the centers for disease control and prevention defines heavy drinking as exceeding an average of one drink per day during the past month for women and two drinks.
cassandra c. has been living at connecticut children's medical center since december.	she was diagnosed with hodgkin's lymphoma in september.	doctors gave her an 85% chance of survival if treated, but they did not succeed.
adam scott, now jordan spieth, has long underestimated the athleticism necessary for golf.	but over the last decade, with fit golfers like tiger woods, adam scott, and jordan spieth all winning the masters, the training perspective on golf is shifting.
roseanne barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind.	the comedic actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.	barr also defended her use of pot, saying, "it's expansive.	it does n't close that down.
new study has found that acetaminophen, the main ingredient in tylenol, most forms of midol and more than 600 other medicines.	the authors of the study, which was published this week in psychological science, say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain.	but their new research led them to the conclusion that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced.
barr's doctors have n't provided a timeline, but her symptoms are worsening: "my vision is closing in now," she says.	"it's somewhat unusual that roseanne bar has both, but not unheard of," explains ophthalmologist steven a. shanbom.
the state's legislature on friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age.	the bill will now go before gov.	david ige, whose signature would make it law in hawaii as of january 1, 2016.
the number of new hiv infections in a rural indiana county has grown, according to the centers for disease control and prevention.	the institute is working with state health leaders to control the "severe outbreak," which has spread among users of a prescription opioid.
the cdc and the united states department of agriculture held a press conference wednesday to talk about preparations.	"the risk to humans is low, our food supply is safe," the usda's chief veterinary officer.	since mid-december, 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry.
many of nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps.	the worst architectural losses have included the majestic shiva temple pagoda and its twin, the narayan temple pagoda, which dominated kathmandu's main durbar square.
susie clark's prayer on april 23 is about the size of a pinto bean, says park interpreter waymon cox.	the diamond, which is the largest found at the park so far this year, is about the size, and park officials are n't trained to appraise them, according to the park website.
jacob lawrence's groundbreaking work, "the migration of the negro," is a series of 60 small paintings with text.	the caption reads: "another of the social causes of the migrants' leaving was that at times they did not feel safe.	this is important to know because there are some people who blame president barack obama for racial tension.
north korea's enigmatic ruler was expected to be preparing to emerge from his fortified country for a visit to moscow to join celebrations next week marking the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii in europe.	the trip was highly anticipated.	but this week, russia announced that the trip had been canceled, with kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov saying thursday that moscow was informed via diplomatic channels that the trip would not happen.	he said that "the decision is connected with north korean domestic affairs".
photographer ken hermann visited the market for his project "flower man," which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals.	when hermann was in kolkata working on another assignment, he went to the market as a tourist.
lewis hamilton wins 35th grand prix win under shanghai's sunny skies.	reigning world champion captured his mercedes battle in the formula one world championship.	vettel is 13 points behind hamilton in the world championship and four points.
texas a & m says horwitz remains an employee and no one has asked him to stop teaching.	but horwitz, a nontenure-track professor in the maritime administration program, is afraid the notoriety will cost him this job and future jobs.
aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba, designed to look and move like a real person.	it's hard to imagine the store's founders in the late 1600's could have imagined this kind of employee.	that's because the greeter is not a human -- it's a robot.
mitchell, who was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997, was taken to ucla medical center a month ago.	she remains at the hospital, according to leslie morris' court petition filed april 28.	morris is described as mitchell's friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents.
richard dysart gained fame playing law firm leader leland mckenzie on "l.a. law".	he was a noted tv and film character actor, and stage star, "that championship season" was as mckenzie, the occasionally crusty paterfamilias on "l.a. law".
e! will air a new documentary series this summer about bruce jenner's transition from male to female, fans are eagerly awaiting bearing witness to the former olympian's journey.	jenner, who along with his family has starred in the hit e! reality series "keeping up with the kardashians" recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
baltimore police said rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere monday afternoon started amid rumors, spread on social media.	the term appears to be a reference to 2013's "the purge" and its sequel, last year's "the purge: vengeance," is planned for 2016.
nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured, in much less than ideal circumstances.	the view along the six-hour journey from kathmandu to near the epicenter of nepal's devastating earthquake is deceptive.
syrian jihad gave rise to islamic state in iraq and syria, which now uses syria as a rear operating base to support its jihad in iraq.	academics who must say something new or different to garner interest in their work may describe the agendas of isis and al qaeda as distinctly different.
tanka maya sitoula is a city with few good stories right now.	the 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when saturday's 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck, bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment.	in the wake of the disaster, sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor.
police: freddie gray was arrested on the morning of april 12 without incident.	he subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.	the van's driver says he believes gray is acting "irate" in the back.
corinthian, which once enrolled more than 70,000 students, is one of the worst of the "predator colleges".	schools that offer dubious degrees, saddle students with high amounts of debt.
the white house correspondents' association dinner hosted by cecily strong of "saturday night live" was not strong's finest hour.	but when you step back and look at the event as a whole, you had to be patient to get to them.
hillary clinton's campaign surely anticipated the coming wave of inquiries.	questions set to get a thorough airing in a new book called "clinton cash: the untold story of how and hillary rich" by the clinton family.
baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers' bags.	the miami-dade police department set up the camera as part of an ongoing investigation into luggage thefts by the very airport workers who are supposed to get bags safely onto planes.
kim jong un has backed out of next month's visit to moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations.	the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the north korea in late 2011.	kim also could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments.
christopher scarver, who was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing dahmer and another man at columbia correctional institution in 1994, said the confessed cannibal would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them.	the post quotes dahmer's former prison minister as saying the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past.	in a separate story, the post quotes dahmer as saying.
volvo planned to sell 1,500 chinese-made s60 inscription sedans in 2015 and 5,000 annually in subsequent years.	geely's gambit will be watched to see if it paves the way for other chinese car manufacturers.	china surpassed the u.s. as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009.
li lifei is living the chinese dream.	the 26-year old has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai, like many large chinese cities.	li upgraded the speed of his internet connection from 10 to 50 mbps but to no avail.	each month there are around 10,000 license plates available.
chile's calbuco volcano erupted again thursday.	gregorio billikopf lives across lake llanquihue from the volcano.	he lives in a rainy part of chile, which he described as like a garden of eden.
venezuelan native maickel melamed, who is battling muscular dystrophy, completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. tuesday.	he was the last participant to complete the race, cnn affiliate wcvb-tv reported.
google's popular real-time traffic app, waze, uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, automobile accidents, stalled cars, and through its "traffic cop" feature.	google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field.	the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers.
andrew lesnie, the oscar-winning cinematographer who spent more than a decade collaborating with director peter jackson on the remake of "king kong" (2005), suffered a heart attack monday.	lesnie won his oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "lord of the rings" trilogy.	tolkien's most foreboding locales was remarkable.
"sharon, lois & bram's elephant show" ran on cbc in canada from 1984 to 1989.	she joined sharon hampson and bram morrison to launch their singing trio in 1978.
johnny kemp, best known for the 1988 party anthem "just got paid," died this week in jamaica.	the singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay on thursday.
the r & b belter died in baton rouge, louisiana.	he had been in hospice care for cancer, coroner dr. william clark.	in a career that started in the 1960s, sledge had a number of hits.
the couple announced the arrival of their son, silas randall timberlake.	it is the first baby for both people and is the musician's own middle name, as well as his father's first, people reports.
the female-skewing cable network has greenlit "the unauthorized full house story".	the telepic will be produced by the bell team of front street pictures and ringaling productions.	casting will begin immediately.
hands-on producer kevin feige and his associates have built a cinematic empire quite unprecedented in hollywood history.	it recently published a release schedule for its remaining big-gun commercial titles from now through the end of the decade.
"fast and furious 7" is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star paul walker.	finishing the film in walker's honor clearly brought out the best in everyone.
michelle keegan is best known for her roles on the bbc series "ordinary lies".	her "coronation street" character tina mcintyre was the show's first character to act as a surrogate, according to imdb.
the uss independence was scuttled in january 1951 during weapons testing near california's farallon islands.	the ship sits upright with a slight list to starboard, according to federal researchers.	noaa's survey of the 623-foot-long, 11,000-ton carrier was conducted by the echo ranger, an 18.5-foot-long autonomous vehicle provided by the boeing co.
airline rewards program you've chosen, which route you're flying and when you book your ticket.	magazine collected statistics comparing award-seat availability for the five biggest u.s. airlines on domestic routes.	southwest airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets.	jetblue only operates in 10 of the top 25 markets included in the study.
loretta lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest.	she takes the reins of a justice department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations.
mexican federal police seized alondra luna nuñez on friday in the colonial city of guanajuato, in central mexico.	several videos show the moment the girl was taken out of her middle school.	alondra appears terrified, screaming at the top of her lungs and desperately trying to free herself.
ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago.	"for centuries we had and europe had this coverture system where a woman's legal identity was absorbed," said ginsburg.
koch industries: all of them are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions and leverage untapped potential in the labor market.	it's one item on a menu of fair-chance hiring reforms intended to ensure that job applicants are evaluated on their skills.
kim sears has been set abuzz by the wedding of andy murray to his long-term girlfriend, kim sears.	the couple met at the u.s. open in 2005 and got engaged in november last year.
amanda curtis, ceo of a fashion company in new york, snapped the lucky shot.	she posted the picture to twitter, and within a few hours, it had already received hundreds of retweets.
women's rights stand in afghanistan has poured into this country from the u.s. government and its nato allies during more than a decade of war.	gulnaz's plight -- like so much in beleaguered afghanistan -- disappeared from the world's gaze once she was pardoned.	she's now carrying the third child of her attacker, asadullah, who was convicted and jailed -- though this was then reduced.
"my family is still living in a market," one of the men says.	"my family, everybody, give up on me, they are nervous.	i am living in a market," a fourth says.
this concept of "how we digest images of war through mainstream media outlets" was what drove photographer simon brann thorpe to begin his project "toy soldiers".	this idea to create a fresh perspective drove him into the desert of western sahara, a long-disputed region of northwestern africa.	thorpe's background was not in photojournalism, but in landscape photography.
freddie gray, a healthy man, died in baltimore, freddie gray, a mayor says.	the police are keeping the circumstances of freddie's death secret until they develop a version of events.	police are declining to say much about the case, citing ongoing administrative and criminal investigations.
toya graham tells cnn's "anderson cooper 360˚" in an interview that aired wednesday night.	the video of graham yanking her son, michael singleton, and slapping him with a right hand as cnn affiliate wmar recorded has led to the internet calling graham # motheroftheyear.
deliberations resumed on thursday, one day after new york supreme court justice maxwell wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named pedro hernandez.	his lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged, severely mentally ill and unable to tell whether he committed the crime or not.
holmes appeared like a comic book character: "the dark knight rises," in june 2012.	the moment became one of the deadliest shootings in u.s. history.	holmes admits to the shootings but says he was suffering "a psychotic episode" at the time.
millions of people are expected to tune in to watch two men beat each other up.	we'll explore, but first let's get something out of the way: the big fight between pacquiao and floyd mayweather wo n't "save" boxing.
bangladeshi migrant's description provides new details about what may have happened aboard the ship.	their movement caused the large, multilevel boat to capsize about 110 kilometers (almost 70 miles) north of libya.	it was the latest in a series of dangerous voyages for hundreds of men, women and children who boarded the boat in libya.
japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018.	if it is approved, the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe.	the move could be seen as japan's attempt to play catchup to its asian neighbors china and india.
the warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from iran.	the move was also meant to reassure allies in the region, officials say.	president barack obama says the united states has been clear in its messages to tehran.
dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet.	dollar is focused in the video on getting his point across and slams critics of his original request by stating to the people gathered, "i never one time came to you".
president barack obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change.	i asked him about the science behind climate change and public health.	he credits the clean air act with making americans "a lot" healthier.
four turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting that took place in agri.	the kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, targeting turkish soldiers.	turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu condemned the attack, describing it as the kurdish separatists.
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia's "execution island" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot.	lawyers for the pair had argued that widodo had failed to individually consider their cases.	one of the condemned men's lawyers, leonard aritonang, said he was disappointed with the rulings but would respect the court's decision.
the accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.	debris scattered across the road, while smoke rose into the sky, videos posted to social media show.
yellowstone's magma reserves are magnitudes greater than previously thought.	it has puzzled geophysicists for decades, but now a research group.	yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath earth's surface.
venezuelan president nicolas maduro visited anzoategui, the state where she lives.	maduro, a former bus driver, drove a bus to a rally wednesday where he was meeting with supporters.	olivo had written a message on a mango -- "if you can, call me".
paris prosecutor: one of its journalists "mentioned only once the presence of a woman hidden inside the hyper cacher".	the hostage-taking was the culmination of three days of terror in paris.
the helicopter crashed near kampung pasir baru in semenyih, malaysia.	among the victims were azlin alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff.	the helicopter's flight recorder has been found in good condition.
the show's producer, harvard professor henry louis gates jr., admitted that he had urged gates to excise any reference to his slave-owning relative.	gates has publicly denied that he made his decision about the content of the program based on affleck's request, but it seems likely that he did.	after all, affleck noted as much in his facebook post, writing that gates "agreed with me on the slave owner but made other choices i disagreed with".
president barack obama revealed a u.s. drone strike had killed warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto.	al qaeda had sought to trade the two for prisoners held by the united states.	but it is not only terrorist groups that try to reap reward from the taking of hostages.
the slants are five asian-american musicians from portland, oregon, who pay homage to the'80s on stage -- and homage to their heritage in an ironic way.	the group adopted the lenny bruce philosophy of repeating an insulting term until it does n't mean anything anymore.
sofia vergara's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created.	loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later.	after two attempts failed to bring fertilized embryos to term, they created two more embryos.
shelling began to boom through the yemeni city of aden on thursday afternoon.	people line up for bread, they line up for cooking fuel, and the electricity only works a few hours a day.	aden is a city gripped by fear, desperation and want.
flight 448, which had been bound for los angeles, returned to seattle.	upon landing, a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold.	he appeared to be in ok condition.	he passed a drug test and was discharged.
wayne community college and this close family and community, school president kay albertson says.	"this is indeed a sad day for wayne community college and this close family.	it is an isolated situation," he says.
a smuggler in the libyan capital of tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees.	the conversation, recorded using a mobile phone, exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships.	cnn producer was introduced to a senegalese and malian smuggler by an intermediary in tripoli.
hungarian architect matyas gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature.	the house was built with a grant from the eu, and showcases the "liquid engineering" concepts gutai has written about extensively.	panels, some of steel, and some of glass, make up the structure of the house and a sheet of water is trapped between the inner layers.
the boat, named airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the libyan port of misrata.	the airone's captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area.	italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa.
john stamos announced monday night on "jimmy kimmel live".	the show will feature candace cameron bure, who played eldest daughter d.j.	tanner in the original series, which aired from 1987 to 1995, will both return for the new series.
the closed-door contest follows the postponements of monday's game between the baltimore orioles and chicago white sox.	the game will be televised on the masn regional cable network.	hall of famer frank thomas tweeted that the series should be moved to a later date.
houthi rebels called for peace talks.	talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," houthi spokesman says.	houthi rebels attacked the president's personal residence and presidential palace in sanaa.
the kentucky wildcats' bid for perfection ended saturday night at the hands of the wisconsin badgers.	they rallied for a tough 71-64 victory in the ncaa men's basketball final four at indianapolis.	the blue devils dominated michigan state 81-61 in the first contest of the night.
jerome r. hunt climbed the fence on the south side of the white house sunday night.	the package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless, a secret service source says.	hunt is in custody and charges are pending.
the rev.	jamal bryant drew the same comparison wednesday morning on cnn.	the president and the mayor are wrong, he says.	it is offensive to every person who is a parent trying to raise children interpreting what's taking place.
judge jeffrey sutton does n't have a lot of company on the appeals courts these days.	his opinion, issued in november, goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings.	critics call the opinion an outlier and do n't believe it will carry much weight.
some citizens have accused african immigrants of taking their already scarce jobs.	president jacob zuma has said his government is addressing the social and economic concerns.	but he said immigrants contribute to the nation's economy and bring skills that is also a major concern.
al-shabaab, an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia, took responsibility for the attack.	mohamud is in charge of external operations against kenya.	mohamud is the world's biggest refugee camp, home to thousands of people.
freddie gray was arrested by police on april 12.	his family said his voice box had been crushed and his neck snapped.	gray's family said, "we know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner multiple times".
a u.s. embassy representative says all diplomatic personnel had been accounted for after the incident.	a senior u.s. official had just held a meeting with nangarhar's governor at the compound, police chief says.
colorado's new belgium brewery and the folks at ben & jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream, to be precise.	ben & jerry's senior global marketing manager jay curley promises it will be "impactful.	''
crough passed away monday at home in laughlin, nevada.	she played tambourine and percussion in the traveling "partridge family" band.	she played by shirley jones, danny bonaduce, brian forster and crough.
bobbi kristina brown, the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston, has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says.	she told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months.
the planet closest to the sun in our solar system is about 93 million miles from the sun.	the probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years before it started orbiting mercury.
british and american journalists, kurdish and syrian soldiers were among those who followed in foley's wake: their gruesome beheadings documented on camera and disseminated as propaganda to a global online audience.	these highly ritualized killings have galvanized international opposition to the group.
iran has praised iran for its alleged involvement in funding and supplying the houthi rebels who have seized power in much of yemen.	the country's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with western media outlets.
freddie gray, the young man who died last week from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody, major league baseball had a problem on its hands.	saturday's game between the orioles and red sox had gone into extra innings in camden yards.	but when the orioles finally pulled out a win in the 10th inning, 36,000 fans remained in their seats.
sicily is the "promised land" for thousands of migrants and refugees.	more than 10,000 people have arrived from libya since last weekend alone.	what makes the current influx different is the increase in numbers and the absence of control.
photographer james oatway checked the series of stills on his camera.	the attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench, stabbed him with knives, all in broad daylight.	oatway says he tried to get as close as possible, conscious that the attackers were aware.
fierce fighting has engulfed ramadi, which lies only about 70 miles (113 kilometers) west of baghdad.	fierce fighting against isis militants might be just hours away from taking key iraqi city.	politician said he was on a front line himself, armed with a machine gun.
officer michael slager was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back.	the fbi has opened an investigation into the shooting death along with the state law enforcement division.
i should have expected that dr. oz would keep standing in the face of charges from a group of colleagues that he pushed "quack treatments... for personal financial gain," he says.	if dr. oz was ever going to go down, surely his ship would've sunk last summer.
zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba, was released early friday from a jail in the pakistani city of rawalpindi.	lakhvi was charged in pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the november 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in mumbai, india's most populous city.
beatriz paez filed a complaint wednesday with police in south gate, just south of los angeles.	however, the police do n't have authority over marshals.	paez said she was out walking sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest.
nigeria's poor children rise at dawn to sift through the trash cans for food and black magic is practiced by the side of the road at dusk.	soldiers guard the treacherous motorways ; houses are compounds covered in barbed wire.
scientists have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night.	but they say the new study -- based on a full year of monitoring of temperature and humidity conditions by the mars curiosity rover in gale crater -- does seem to bear the theory out.
chinese nuclear experts have told the united states that pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads.	the key takeaway from the latest assessment of north korea's nuclear capability is not in the actual number of warheads.
novak djokovic extended his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating thomas berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the monte carlo masters.	but the serbian world number one did n't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the mediterranean coast.
gov.	andrew cuomo said friday that more than 160 patients have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid, known as "spice" or "k2.	'' other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana.	the recent surge is not isolated in new york ; other states across the country have noticed similar trends.
mohamed badie was sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence.	he has been on a hunger strike for more than 14 months.	he has also been sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence.
this year's spate of killings and assaults, from ferguson, missouri, are part of a deadly continuum of conduct that has created a well of resentment in the african-american community.	a true democracy draws its strength from the confidence of its citizens in the bedrock institutions, he says.
the cast of "the breakfast crew" escaped from principal richard vernon 30 years ago.	the movie was filmed at the maine north high school building.	molly ringwald's character, claire standish, was originally to be named cathy douglas.
"monty python and the holy grail," which premiered 40 years ago thursday, was the result.	the movie, a spoof of the arthurian legend, did not start auspiciously.	the movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget.
the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet tuesday night at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york.	the episode has won praise for its "milk milk lemonade" video, which ridicules mens' obsession with a certain female body part.
here's the announcement presidential candidate hillary clinton should make: "today in america, women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn.	'' april 14 was n't just chosen at random as equal pay day.	merely closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty.
clinton's election will no doubt center on women voters, and the democratic women's agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace.	it's a comparison of averages -- comparing full-time working women with full-time working men.
jeff green, then playing for the boston celtics, was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood.	the physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart.	green had to have open heart surgery.
gao, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer tells cnn.	the government had accused gao of disclosing a highly confidential "document no.	9" issued by the ruling communist party leadership in 2013.
researchers say reducing risk of myopia is easy, free and readily-available.	the rates of myopia have doubled, even in most of east asia over the last 40 years.	rates of myopia are also rising in western nations like germany and the united states.
social media: hillary clinton's official announcement went online, without an opinion or thought on her new campaign (there were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour, and 750,000 facebook video views.
mammoth wave of snow darkens the sky over everest base camp.	appearing like a white mushroom cloud roaring over the climbers, they scurry as their tents flap like feathers in the wind.	cursing and breathing heavily, they wait until the pounding is over.
assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012.	prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.	some of the alleged crimes will be subject to a statute of limitations in august 2015.
police: two screeners have been fired after an anonymous tip from a tsa employee in november.	the tsa said it has been trying to identify the passenger in the february incident but to no avail.
all aircraft must file a flight plan that identifies itself to air traffic control.	the certificate documents my successful completion of the dc special flight rules area, or sfra, online course.
ayatollah ali khamenei says he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it is n't final.	he's not certain it will become binding because he has "never been optimistic about negotiations with the u.s.	'' six world powers and iran reached a preliminary deal last week.
a new medical technology, an easily applied microneedle patch, could be the key to that goal.	the microneedle patch, which resembles a small, round adhesive bandage, could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it.	it's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of jonas salk's vaccine.
the rev.	donte hickman, pastor of east baltimore's southern baptist church, described feeling tuesday as he surveyed the still-smoldering ruins of the centerpiece of a community rebuilding effort led by his church and a coalition of other congregations.	the project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
the proposed training materials are approved by a federal judge, new cadets could be taking courses reminding them "not to engage in racial profiling".	the nypd has said the policy -- in which police stop, question and frisk people they consider suspicious.
muna mansour is from buffalo in upstate new york.	her family is among the dozens of americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in yemen.	they want to drive out the shiite houthi rebels, whose opposition to the government grew.
saudi motives seem clear if one looks at saudi monarchy's history of not allowing regional competition of any kind, while consistently combating efforts to build democratic governments that empower the people.	this approach was evident in 2013, when saudi claims of a houthi incursion.
china's biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week.	only models on display will be the scantily-clad "car babes" that in previous years have posed provocatively on car hoods and sashayed through the aisles to draw crowds to the 9-day event.	it sells several hundred of its super-luxury vehicles in china each year.
"late night with david letterman" announced some of the guests for the talk show host's final month of broadcasts.	among the notables are oprah winfrey, with whom letterman has had an on-and-off faux feud for years.
martial law was lifted wednesday when the thai king bhumibol adulyadej approved a request from prime minister general prayuth chan-ocha to proceed.	critics have expressed alarm at the move, with human rights watch's asia director brad adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship".	prayuth -- head of the national council for peace and order (ncpo) junta, immediately invoked article 44 of the country's interim constitution.
aaron hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.	he was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition.	hernandez said as he was being transported from the courthouse to a state prison.
police officers who were n't there do n't know what happened to freddie gray.	the ghetto, and i'm talking class and not race, was on full display by monday.	maybe rushing the investigation would compromise prosecution.
the somali woman's baby, sabrine, was born a week after she was detained.	she was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants held in a facility just outside tripoli.
the brawl took place in the food court area of resorts world casino.	approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived.	two of the men were given a summons for disorderly conduct.
bob greene: we brutalized black bodies.	we let things get out of hand.	we let the violence stand for everything that's wrong with the things we already did n't like.
jae rockwell, the founder of my local women's fitness groups, are members of an obstacle course race group called the midwest vikings.	i'm lucky to count a handful of both experienced and aspiring triathletes among my friends.
the city desk secretary was a copygirl in my fourth month at the chicago daily news.	it was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago, on thursday, april 12, 1945.	the words had barely cleared his lips when city editor clem half-ran back into the city room.
sen. elizabeth warren says she's not running for president.	but her description of a 2016 "dream" presidential candidate sounds a lot like, her.	warren, a massachusetts democrat, also got specific with her wish list.
hillary clinton to make history as the nation's first woman president.	she's now betting that there is no better time for her to make history.	there are historic numbers of women in congress, and the idea of "leaning in".
hillary clinton is now a candidate for president and the never ending clinton story rumbles on.	she has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century.
nasa's new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of pluto.	the initial picture released on tuesday shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs: pluto and its largest moon, charon.	but the probe is due to make its closest approach to pluto on july 14.
amanda rothschild lay awake in her remington home, a neighborhood in the northern part of the city.	she knew that the cafe and its workers needed to support the city after all the unrest.
the university of florida and emory university are investigating allegations that zeta beta tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend at panama city beach, florida, by spitting, urinating and pouring beer on them.	the fraternity's executive director, laurence bolotin said in a statement that three fraternity members have been expelled from the group.
methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the u.s. virgin islands.	investigators are still trying to piece together exactly what happened at the sirenusa resort.	terminix bromide is banned from indoor use, and is only approved as an agricultural pesticide.
there is a special kind of hell reserved for the women who fall into the clutches of today's jihadi fighters.	their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their ambitious radical strategy.
the gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home hayward, california.	he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in yemen.	yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months.
pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september.	the vatican says the pope would stop in cuba before his planned late september stops in washington, new york and philadelphia.
"roots," the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants, had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977.	now a & e, lifetime and history (formerly the history channel) announced thursday.	producers will consult scholars in african and african-american history for added authenticity.
isis is clearly about religion -- its version of radical islam, but it is also about power.	there is increasing evidence that the military backbone of isis is made up not by a group of islamic zealots.
"all high probability search areas would have been covered," the three countries said in a joint statement.	the search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in may.
turkish archaeologists found a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church.	she thought the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person's relics.	the latest episode of the "true cross" can mean it's a matter of divine certainty or fraud.
the altamura man became the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by researchers.	it took them more than 20 years to get around to doing it.	scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993.
public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down since the supreme judicial court.	even the name of the issue has changed -- to marriage equality.	but the supreme court has always been about a lot more than the intentions.
dc entertainment, warner bros. and mattel announce a partnership to launch dc super hero girls.	the characters involved include wonder woman, supergirl, batgirl, harley quinn and poison ivy, among others.
henry louis gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his pbs documentary series "finding your roots".	affleck said he "did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves".	affleck lent his star power to support continued foreign assistance for the democratic republic of congo.
police chief supports police officer, who is ultimately exonerated, and a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done.	but time and again it ends with a black man dead in the street and the community has no recourse.
the bp oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer.	it's important to understand that the principle "out of mind" does n't apply in the communities of gulf coast states.
spacex, the private space exploration company founded by billionaire elon musk, hopes to give it a try.	but weather forced it to scrub monday's plan to launch.	spacex will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform.
ibrahim al-rubaish was among a number of detainees who sued the administration of then-president george w. bush to challenge the legality of their confinement in gitmo.	al-rubaish was once held by the u.s. government at its detention facility in guantanamo bay, cuba.
jurors will thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months.	the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.	holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.	he enrolled as a doctoral candidate in the university of colorado school of medicine's neuroscience program.
the wooden vessel was called mecca — after the holy city.	it meant hugging the coastline, trying to stay as much as possible out of the deeper water in the middle of the gulf of aden.
facebook pages about illegal smuggling from turkey to italy by sea.	it was worth the risk, the bad treatment and the fear, and returning to syria was n't an option.	but syrians do n't need visas to get into turkey, so turkey it was.
i see signs of a revolution everywhere.	i see it in the op-ed pages of the newspapers, and on the state ballots in nearly half the country.	support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone.
russian president vladimir putin shrugged off repeated questions about the impact of western sanctions on his nation during a nationally broadcast annual q & a session.	"as far as sanctions are sanctions," he said.	western sanctions were implemented after moscow annexed crimea and pro-russian separatists battled ukrainian government forces in the nation's east.
dr. mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity".	the episode will air on thursday afternoon in most markets, friday in others.
the listeria outbreak prompted blue bell creameries to recall their entire product line dates to 2010.	the bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children.	the origin of the strain is still unknown, but "the fact that it was the same strain over the last five years".
social media heralded as # motheroftheyear toya graham, the baltimore single mom who pulled her son, who was holding a brick, away from the scene of a riot.	many called her a hero: "why is america celebrating the beating of a black child?"
ryan shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground.	he said it was a tornado.	it would n't be an exaggeration to say it looked half a mile wide.
alexis keslar was walking with her twin sons, silas and eli keslar, along a canal.	she was hampered by the steep sides of the canal, the depth of the water and the force of the current.
new: nepal was still in survival mode after suffering a series of aftershocks.	the death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside.	india has reported 56 deaths, and china another 20.
lamborghini sports car crashed into a guardrail at walt disney world speedway.	the 36-year-old passenger, gary terry of davenport, was pronounced dead at the scene.	he was hospitalized with minor injuries.
the landmark deal aimed at keeping iran's nuclear program peaceful.	iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges, according to the plan.	the deal would include strict verification measures to make sure iran complies.
bobby drake, aka iceman of the x-men, wrote the issue, said in a statement to cnn.	iceman's outing happens in an unusual manner.	dc comics have also had prominent gay characters in recent years.
a controversial beijing-backed election proposal tabled wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto.	the catch, of course, is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-china committee.	part of that deal included establishing an election system based on the principles of universal suffrage.
australian prime minister tony abbott called the executions "cruel and unnecessary".	both men, andrew chan and myuran sukumaran had been "fully rehabilitated" during a decade in prison.	abbott did n't say what permanent actions, if any, would be taken against indonesia.
president abraham lincoln never lost his ardor for the united states to remain united during the civil war.	the spirit of lincoln's second inaugural was self-evident on april 9, 1865 -- when confederate gen. robert e. lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to union general ulysses s. grant.
five young men were arrested saturday in melbourne, australia.	two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries".	there was also a risk to the public, police say.
president obama condemned the persecution of "people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender".	the may issue of vogue has a photo spread with transgender model andreja pejic.	jenner's physical appearance has become more feminine in recent months.
kim is portrayed in the movie as a katy perry-loving, sensitive soul with daddy issues.	lee fills the balloons with helium and ties the bundles of dvds, dollar bills and political leaflets to the bottom.	a timer is attached which will release the bundle once safely in north korean territory.
a week ago, i was worried i would n't have anything to write about.	the bible i'm reading is "the deluxe catholic bible," published in 1986 by world bible publishing.
kim kardashian set out to "break the internet" in november last year.	mcdonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their instagram fan base and take great photos on the go.
scientists are working on an alternative way to peer into the past and search space for signs of life.	they are both necessary for the construction of the james webb space telescope (jwst).	hubble is about the size of a school bus but jwst is as big as a tennis court.
officer michael rapiejko ran his car into mario valencia in february.	the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air.	valencia, who flew through this air, survived and faces more than a dozen charges.
the microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor jonty hurwitz, entitled trust, measured just 1/100th of a centimeter and had been called the "smallest sculpture ever made.	'' the world's tiniest woman suddenly disappeared to an unknown location, likely never to be seen again.
the 117 migrants, mostly from sub-saharan africa, arrived in the port of augusta, sicily.	the two boats they had been in were barely seaworthy, the tug's montenegrin captain told me.	we had flown to sicily following news that as many as 900 have lost their lives.
the world's newest micronation is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference.	a tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land, marked on maps as gornja siga, its territory abuts the danube on the border between serbia and croatia.
sudan's female companions, fatu and najin live at the conservancy.	the animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards.	experts say the rhino horn is becoming more lucrative than drugs.
drinkers in clayton's, texas, belly up for a round of shots, bartender casey belue can usually guess what they'll order.	it comes in a yellow-labeled bottle with a fire-breathing demon on it.	it's been as hot as its name.
suicide attack hit group around 10 a.m. local time, police say.	suicide attack kills 17 people and wounding dozens more, police say.	no other organization has so far claimed responsibility.
the body of a young girl was taken to sunrise hospital and medical center in suburban las vegas.	the teen mother was then arrested on one count of child abuse with death.	authorities are seeking the parents, 39-year-old jondrew lachaux and kellie phillips.
jurors are set to begin deliberations tuesday in the trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev.	he faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 boston marathon.
jurors deliberated for more than seven hours tuesday.	the blast killed a 23-year-old graduate student from china.	dzhokhar tsarnaev, the 21-year-old accused boston marathon bomber, faces life in prison or the death penalty.	bill richard, father of bomb victim martin richard, was the instigator of the marathon plot.
human rights group calls for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers.	the incident in question took place early tuesday in india's andhra pradesh state.	forest officials near the town of tirupati spotted hundreds of smugglers.
the fbi is investigating, and once again, a shooting involving police has sparked national outrage.	the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras "so every officer on the street".	scott's shooting stirred memories of the michael brown case in ferguson, missouri.
officer darren wilson said he shot brown after the two struggled over wilson's gun, and witnesses to the shooting had different accounts -- often conflicting -- of where brown was and whether brown was surrendering or charging the officer.	it's 100% clear from the video that scott was not posing a threat to officer michael slager when the policeman opened fire on scott as he ran away.
boston prosecutors released video friday of the shooting of a police officer last month.	the gunman shot to death by officers, was black.	one said the officers were forced to return fire.	he was placed in a medically induced coma at a boston hospital.
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates, 73, "inadvertently" shot eric courtney harris after harris.	he warned his fellow deputies he was going to use a taser on the suspect, but instead, he fired a single gunshot, and immediately apologized, citing a recently released video.
the former north charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of walter scott.	the former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty.	if convicted of murder, the former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty.
deputy robert bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter.	bates county district attorney stephen a. kunzweiler said bates is going to deploy his taser.	it's a felony charge that could land the volunteer deputy in prison for up to four years.
police chief on wednesday supported an officer's decision to drive his car into an armed suspect.	the suspect, 36-year-old mario valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being charged.	marana police chief terry rozema was asked on cnn's "new day" whether police were fortunate that valencia did n't die.
thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters in south africa after mobs with machetes.	the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans, authorities say.	the charity said about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations.
italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the christians at sea.	the boat was intercepted by an italian navy vessel, which transferred the passengers to a panamanian-flagged ship.	other people on the voyage told police they were spared "because they strongly opposed the drowning attempt and formed a human chain".
officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006.	he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged that rapiejko pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him.	colon and the city settled the suit for $20,000.
the driver and the teen were felled by bullets fired by a gmc van, police say.	the driver, archie brown jr., 40, immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy.	damani's alarmed family came running, including his older brother, police said.
migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages.	authorities still do n't know the fate of the passengers, including children, who were on the ship bound from libya to europe that capsized saturday night in the frigid waters of the mediterranean sea.
protesters gather in baltimore late tuesday, the same day police released the names of the officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray.	gray died of a spinal injury sunday, exactly one week after he was taken into custody.
freddie gray's death have inflamed tensions across the country.	police in vineland, new jersey, responded to a call of a disorderly person.	gray wavered in and out of a coma and died sunday, one week after his arrest.
tensions rose as demonstrators confronted police, several of whom shouted: "back up!" the baltimore police department said the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property.	there were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful.	gray died sunday, one week after he was arrested by baltimore police.
ebony dickens of east point, georgia, posted her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan.	the post was removed a day later, just before dickens was arrested, police say.	dickens, 33, appeared in court wednesday on a charge of disseminating information.
england finally got its delivery of tons of silver coins.	the money was deep at the bottom of the atlantic, the monetary casualty of a world war ii sinking.	the city of cairo was bringing silver rupees from india to england.
boxing fan? fancy the best seats in the house for saturday night's showdown.	there are still some floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money.	tickets were released last thursday, just eight days before one of the biggest fights in history.
npr, headquartered in washington, ran its latest update on the urban turmoil.	the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal "what's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city".	a similar claim was made after ferguson's uprising in august of last year.
twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list.	the group includes 19 women and five men.	it's a key step in the case, and it's been a long time coming.
virginia's appeals court said tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son's life.	boardwine's friend, joyce bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant.	she also thought that because they never had sex, she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent.
jordan spieth's thoughts turned to his autistic sister in the glow of victory.	the 21-year-old golfer equaled tiger woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par to realize his childhood ambitions of donning the green jacket on sunday.	spieth told cnn's don riddell in the aftermath of his triumph as he opened up about younger sibling ellie, who was not able to attend the tournament.
denver teacher kyle schwartz passes out post-it notes to her third grade students.	schwartz: "i do n't have friend to play with me".	schwartz: "i have n't seen him in six years".
charlotte dujardin says she is "living the dream" as she cements her status as a dressage legend.	dujardin and valegro won their second reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas.	while their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport.
the world's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached las vegas for this week's world cup finals.	the man who arranged their travel says, "there are two horses per box".	no horse is snoozing now.
china operates the world's fastest commercial maglev, which has hit 431 kilometers per hour.	the train broke its own record from last thursday, setting a decisive new world record.	a spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour.	witnesses erupted with excitement and applause when the new record was set.
anuradha koirala, who rescues victims of sex trafficking, has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu.	the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera.	koirala's group is relying on bottled water and is now rationing food.
the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium for its hockey, basketball and volleyball teams.	it'll have luxury suites and everything.	but it seems all anyone can talk about these days... thump.
jody farley-berens saw the need firsthand, when her childhood friend faced that situation.	when her friend passed away, farley-berens helped start a nonprofit dedicated to assisting others in similar circumstances.	since 2006, singleton moms has provided practical, emotional support to more than 300 parents.
almost one of every three miami-dade county residents living in poverty is under 18.	many schools face high dropout rates, after-school programs are being eliminated.	bernstein's organization has worked with more than 225 students in miami-dade county.
less than 30% of religiously affiliated americans supported gays' and lesbians' right to wed.	the margin is small but statistically significant, said robert p. jones, ceo of prri.	if the u.s. supreme court has been paying attention, it likely saw this trend.
nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children.	ziv's first child, a 15-month-old daughter, was born to a surrogate mother in nepal.	ziv says his baby is in a breech position, requiring a cesarean section.
kim jong un has ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year.	north korea is one of the most closed societies in the world.	cnn can not independently confirm the executions.
california gov.	jerry brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history.	his action was driven by a specific crisis unique to california at the moment -- the severe drought now in its fourth year there.
frank jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late january.	he was spotted thursday afternoon by the houston express on his ship drifting in the atlantic.	the boat capsized two more times before he was rescued.
16-year-old yong soo lee of taegu, korea, was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older man.	the girls were forced into sexual slavery, serving four to five japanese soldiers every day for a year.	lee suffered beatings and torture, was fed paltry amounts of food, faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body, and was never allowed outside.
i'm ok being single forever, with everyone happily single.	i've worked my butt off for four years to be a mom," 21-year old candace monacelli says.	jackie demate, also 21, agreed.
new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet.	the volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to 23½ inches (60 centimeters) in some places, according to the ministry of interior and public safety.
anthony sideri hit rock bottom while wrapped in a dirty blanket on the floor of a jail infirmary bathroom in middleton, massachusetts.	he had just robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day.	it was the last time he used drugs, the first and only time to fully withdrawal from heroin.
nasa says its messenger space probe crashed into mercury on thursday after running out of fuel.	nasa earlier said the probe was expected to hit the surface at 8,750 miles per hour.	it was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun.
the islamic state in iraq and syria has all the key points you'd expect on a birth certificate.	it's one of many official documents relating to matters such as vaccination schedules, fishing methods and rent disputes in the areas now controlled by isis.
chief justice john roberts shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold obamacare.	the arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on tuesday while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside.	all eyes were on justice anthony kennedy, considered a key vote for challengers to the state bans.
yemeni officials say saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on tuesday hit a nearby school.	the information came from two officials with the governor's office in ibb province.	houthi sources said three students had been killed at the al bastain school in maitam.
the migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to sicily.	it was late at night in the besieged city of misrata.	hundreds of african migrants were caught between the libyan civil war.
gaetano cortese, a tall, sunburned veteran of italy's guardia di finanza is waxing eloquent on his favorite subject: food.	"we picked it this morning from the hills of lampedusa," he declares with a flourish, waving thin sprigs of wild asparagus under my nose.	it has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants from africa and the middle east.
the death toll of 1,832 is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.	the loss of life reported so far "is really based on the information we have from the main cities," nepal country director says.	the quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
erica kinsman has filed a lawsuit against the heisman trophy-winning quarterback.	kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress.	winston led the florida state seminoles to a national championship for the 2013 season.
joseph kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police tuesday night.	the incident unfolded live on cnn about 40 minutes after a citywide curfew had started.	seconds later, several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him.
taylor swift, 57, quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise swift and swift's younger brother, austin.	her mother felt "perfectly fine" but went to the doctor for tests anyway "just to get me and my brother off her case".
sarah brady was shot in the head by john hinckley jr. during his attempt to assassinate reagan in 1981.	she was the chairwoman of the brady campaign to prevent gun violence from 2000 until she died.	sarah brady was also involved in gun violence prevention.
al-douri was the highest-ranking member of hussein's regime to evade capture -- the "king of clubs" in a deck of playing cards used by american troops to identify the most-wanted regime officials.	he also was a man thought to have led the post-hussein sunni extremist group naqshbandi army.	al-douri was killed in an operation by iraqi security forces and shia militia members.
chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations.	"the success of our space program is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation," he says.	modi's india is out to put its economy on the fast track, china's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth.
kenyan deputy president william ruto gave the united nations' refugee agency.	kenya's government says attack was masterminded by senior al-shabaab leader mohamed mohamud.	u.n. high commissioner for refugees said agency had not received any formal request.
nobel literature laureate guenter grass, best known around the world for his novel "the tin drum," has died, his publisher said monday.	german media are reporting he died of pneumonia.	grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide.
bikram choudhury is the founder of bikram's yoga college of india.	he's featured prominently on its website, which details his system of performing 26 unique yoga poses while in a hot room.	choudhury is the founder of bikram's yoga college of india.
u.s. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet.	the system has been developed by darpa's extreme accuracy tasked ordnance program.	videos supplied by darpa show the bullets making sharp turns in midair.
president vladimir putin cuts an isolated figure, closely guarded behind the walls of the kremlin, traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade.	his almost daily appearances on state television often show him in formal meetings with subordinates, or visiting dignitaries.
greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the arctic near alaska.	the six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean.	they plan to occupy the underside of the rig's main deck and say they have enough supplies to stay there for several days.
president obama briefly met his cuban counterpart, raul castro.	the meeting was so important that bernadette meehan, national security council spokesperson.	cuba and the united states had endured a half-century of enmity, such as the cuban missile crisis.
the solar impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in china.	it's an unexpected layover that is testing the patience of the pilots and more than 60 team members.	piccard, along with andre borschberg, are taking turns flying the single-seater aircraft, which took off from abu dhabi on march 9.
police commissioner anthony batts told reporters there are no excuses for the fact that gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station.	five days after gray's death and police officials acknowledged mistakes were made during and after his arrest.
wei tingting, wang man, zheng churan, wu rongrong were freed from the haidian detention center on the outskirts of beijing late monday.	the five activists on women's rights -- aged 25 to 32, were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8, the international women's day.	police had recommended last week that prosecutors press charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order".
spacex founder elon musk tweeted: "ascent successful.	rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival".	spacex has said it will keep trying and, after it hit at an angle and exploded.
paul nungesser was cleared of responsibility for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist".	her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of the complaint, saying she hoped to show how "flawed" the university disciplinary system is when it comes to sexual misconduct cases.
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs.	he "gave up without the use of force," baltimore deputy police commissioner says.
nepal red cross society have created specific funds for relief efforts.	we have vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that have created specific funds.	adventist development and relief agency international.
the u.s. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world's oceans.	officials say china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces.	concern that china could match u.s. underwater capabilities in the near future has encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship to independently track enemy ultra-quiet diesel electric submarines.
feidin santana was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident.	santana has said he feared for his life, which almost kept him from revealing the recording.	santana said when he recorded a roughly three-minute video of north charleston police officer michael slager shooting walter scott.
wayne county prosecutor kym worthy announced charges of assault and mistreatment of a prisoner against william melendez.	he's the 49-year-old former inkster, michigan, police officer who is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist, floyd dent, around the neck while he lay on the ground and punching him several times in the head.
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques.	it has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year.
police: 275,000 demonstrators marched in sao paulo.	demonstrators chant "out with dilma" and "time for change".	police: rousseff was the chairwoman of petrobras.	rousseff won re-election with just over 50% of the votes.
the taliban wiped out 1700 years of history in a matter of seconds.	the thought of losing a piece of our collective history is a bleak one.	but if loss ca n't be avoided, technology can lend a hand.
japanese police say they arrested the man, yuhei takashima, on wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room in manila.	police officers seized 147,600 photos that takashima took of his activities over the years, said takeshi akimoto, the police officer in charge of crime involving minors in kanagawa, a prefecture south of tokyo.	after the end of his three-year stint at the school in manila, he frequently returned to the philippines on vacations in order to buy sex.
authorities in south carolina have released dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of walter scott, but the footage does not show the actual shooting.	video from the patrol car of north charleston's michael slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott.	scott exits his vehicle, briefly, and slager tells him to stay in the car.
pappy van winkle, one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world, were reported missing from a kentucky distillery in october 2013, it was the crime heard round the whiskey-drinking world.	franklin county sheriff pat melton, the man leading the investigation into the estimated $26,000 in missing pappy, said at the time that the high-end heist was "indicative of an inside job".	but the trail went largely cold.
jon reiter is no stranger to mount everest -- its prestige, its challenges.	he told cnn he has seen 14 bodies so far.	many of those killed came from other countries, according to namagyal.
president barack obama met for an hour saturday with his cuban counterpart raul castro.	the meeting in a small conference room on the sidelines of the americas came as the two countries work to end the cold war enmity that had led to a total freeze of diplomatic ties.	castro, who earlier in the day said he trusted obama, acknowledged there would be difficult stumbling blocks.
u.n. general assembly declared march 20 as world happiness day in 2012.	people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support.	recognizing "happiness and well-being as universal goals and aspirations in the lives of human beings".
walter scott is draped with an american flag, and walter scott dressed in a dark suit.	it says: "this is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community".	slager has been fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted on a murder charge.
italian authorities estimate up to 200,000 migrants in libya are waiting to cross.	the flows reflect a significant increase in the number of refugees and internally displaced people.	australia's prime minister, tony abbott, has also suggested that europe adopt a tougher approach.
the al-furqan media video released sunday by the terror network's media arm.	30 of its citizens were among the two groups, according to the ethiopian news agency.	one group is beheaded on a beach along the mediterranean sea.
sid ahmed ghlam asked for an ambulance to come to his paris home on sunday.	he was arrested after authorities found four kalashnikov guns, a revolver, ammunition, police armbands and more in his car and residence.
the ousted president was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence.	he stood trial with 14 co-defendants, including some of his presidential staff.	all 14 co-defendants were also convicted of violence and inciting violence.
the virgin mary church was torched and looted by a mob.	one of at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted that august.	morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison earlier this month.
the body of odin lloyd was found in an industrial park in north attleboro, massachusetts.	days after he was found dead, then-nfl star aaron hernandez was arrested and charged with murder.	testimony in the case against hernandez began in january.
edwin sabuhoro was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals he was committed to defend.	following a series of incidents in 2004 where wildlife had been lost, sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf.
nbc's sequel to the blockbuster miniseries "the bible," and "finding jesus".	hollywood has yet to cast an actual jew as jesus -- then at least inching closer.
in neolithic times trepanation, or drilling a hole into the skull, was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines.	it could even have been a form of emergency surgery for battle wounds.	while there is still conjecture about the real reasons behind the mysterious procedure.
corporate america has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to a scattering of independent stores, many of them in scruffy urban neighborhoods.	many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving -- by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors.
haas, one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers, was also a regular on movie sets.	it was a necessity in those early days, said john jacob, the editor of a new book of haas' movie photography.
the judge granted robert bates permission to go to the bahamas for a family vacation.	that decision prompted a response from the family of eric harris, the man bates killed.	bates' preliminary hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. july 2.
cnn story and generosity of donors from around the world, kekula wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the emory university nell hodgson woodruff school of nursing.	at emory, kekula has asked for special training on certain skills, such as caring for burns, a common type of injury because children in liberia sometimes fall into the open fires used for cooking.	kekula, 23, was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in liberia.
ben and shelby offrink met in college.	it was n't the most romantic setting, a study group for calculus-based physics.	ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating.
ted streuli, who lives in edmond, okla., has had to wear hospital gowns on multiple occasions.	the gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital.	it's all part of a trend among hospitals to improve the patient reviews and their own bottom lines.
freddie gray, the twin sister of freddie gray, made a statement: "my family wants to say,' can y'all please, please stop the violence? freddie's father and mother do not want any violence.	vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-eleven, police say.	mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she was profoundly disappointed by the violence.
swiss physicist jean-pierre wolf is working on yet another impressive addition to that list: using focused laser beams to affect the weather.	it sounds like black magic, but it's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification that has been used for several years.
yazidis are of kurdish descent, and their religion is considered a pre-islamic sect that draws from christianity, judaism and zoroastrianism.	isis' conquest of the town of sinjar, in particular, provoked a major humanitarian crisis.
randy zelin defended his client, dr. anthony moschetto, who faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on long island.	moschetto,54 said that his next move is to get dr. moshetto back to work.
cnn is looking into those questions and will update our coverage as warranted.	gupta helped doctors at bir hospital perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient.	she is selena dohal, 8, and her skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood.
gordon has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife.	gordon has another side altogether darker, tougher and more enigmatic.	you might expect his origin story to be cloaked in mystery.
at least 25 people have been detained since january.	isis has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda, law enforcement officials say.	like a new rock band storming the music charts, isis has attracted fewer u.s.-based recruits.
the magnitude-7.8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people, and the death toll is expected to rise.	one witness, joe mcenness, captured a photo of police officers in kathmandu, the nepalese capital, trying to dig survivors out of a collapsed building.
isis claims to have executed that many soldiers captured in june 2014.	hundreds are believed to have been executed by isis in june 2014.	grieving iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies.
the man, rishi khanal, was stuck for a staggering 82 hours after the devastating earthquake.	the team used specialized gear that detects signs of life, he said.	but it took about 10 more hours for the french team and police officers.
mary jane veloso's fellow death row inmates -- mostly foreigners, were put to death.	her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison on so-called "execution island" when a philippine tv crew flagged their bus down to tell them of the decision to postpone her execution.	veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from malaysia to indonesia when $500,000 worth of heroin was discovered in the lining of her luggage.
protesters peacefully dispersed wednesday night after a 10 p.m. curfew.	many wore t-shirts that said "black lives matter," demanding accountability for the death of freddie gray.	baltimore protesters remained calm, some of their counterparts across the country were not.
denver police report nine arrests in wednesday's demonstrations.	the charges include assault of a police officer, robbery, resisting police, disobedience to lawful orders, obstructing roadways, and interference.
"the world's youngest filmmaker.	it all started three years ago when she decided to enter a school documentary-making competition".	she packs her camera and microphones, jumps on a plane and interviews presidents.	aged 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt.
france bore the torch of liberty alongside us, our old ally has launched a reminder from across the atlantic's waves.	it set sail in france on saturday for virginia to retrace a journey through american history.	in 1780, the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman.
nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.	relief organizations say the tarmac at tribhuvan international airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes.	here are three major obstacles that are hampering efforts of distribution.
the suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback.	the video shows deputies using a stun gun on him and then repeatedly kicking and hitting him.	ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave.
the sewol ferry sank on april 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island, off south korea's southern coast.	park's case is an unsettling one -- emblematic of what remains unresolved a year after the sewol ferry sank.
maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the federated states of micronesia.	its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon.	images of the typhoon as seen from the international space station were posted to twitter.
the girl, katie donovan, read that the boy, dalton prager, was very sick.	"if you ever need a friend to talk to, you can reach out to me".
isis overran their villages near mosul in august 2014, a small group of assyrians.	assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling christian population of iraq.	many among them see the fight with isis as a final battle for survival against isis.
beleaguered city has a new governing board.	buoyed by a higher-than-normal 30% turnout, two african-american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six-member city council 50% black.	ferguson's population of about 21,000 is 70% black, but the city council was predominantly white, as is the police force.	jones, who resigned after a scathing u.s. department of justice report found systemic discrimination against african-americans in law enforcement.
pope francis risked turkish anger on sunday by using the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of armenians a century ago under the ottoman empire.	the nation recalled its ambassador to the vatican for "consultations" just hours after francis' comments.
the stark video of a south carolina officer gunning down an apparently unarmed black man as he ran away with his back to police.	slager, 33, was charged tuesday with first-degree murder after firing eight shots at scott, killing him.	slager is also now "terminated" from the force, north charleston mayor keith summey said wednesday.
velentzas and her former roommate were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states.	the complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.	siddiqui had repeated contact with members of al qaeda in the arabian peninsula.
dipping co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with listeria, the u.s. food and drug administration said wednesday.	the potential for contamination was discovered when a routine, random sample collected at a michigan store tested positive for listeria monocytogenes.
the syrian observatory for human rights says isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front took control of 90% of the camp in southern damascus.	calling the lives of yarmouk refugees "profoundly threatened" on sunday.
at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, an iraqi official says.	the northern ramadi districts of albu faraj, albu essa and albu risha were in the city.
cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon saw mechanical digger packed with explosives.	iraqi forces said they had fired an rpg at the truck, killing three isis fighters.	isis was ejected from the palaces compound in fierce fighting.
the new york post published an item titled "lena dunham backs hillary for president".	she's famous enough by now to go by one name, but should she? while clinton is arguably more widely known than her to-date opponents.
two people were shot in the neck and another was shot in the leg.	there is a suspect in custody in the latter case.	st. louis alderman antonio french posted video on his twitter account.
walter scott was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard.	his brother anthony scott said thursday it could have been related to "child support and a fear of maybe going back to (jail)".	scott owed over $18,000 in back payments for two children.
u.n. security council met late saturday morning to discuss the situation in the arabian peninsula nation.	the icrc's head of operations in the near and middle east said people are running out of food, water and fuel.
al-shabaab militants have launched a series of attacks over the last few years in the region.	they want to prevent the children from obtaining, according to the head of the school.	but it's an education that al-shabaab -- the somali-based terror group, is trying to prevent the children.
ap mccoy was about to write an ending befitting the career of a man who has dominated jump racing for two decades.	his horse shutthefrontdoor was in the leading group as it negotiated the likes for becher's brooke and the chair, some of the toughest jumps in racing.	aspell won last year's grand national too, making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses.
blackwater sniper nicholas slatten to a term of life in prison, mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction.	prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire, machine guns and grenade launchers on innocent men, women and children".
an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol.	the unidentified shooter had a backpack and a rolling suitcase that authorities treated as treated suspicious packages, prompting the lockdown as they were investigated.
the little-known star of this week's no.	1 car chase movie, "furious 7" is n't a car.	the film makes it appear as if another plane -- a c-17 globemaster iii, drops the cars.	but in real life, it took a hercules to pull it off.
passengers were mostly indian nationals, plus yemenis and people from other countries.	they carried duffel bags, plastic bags full of clothes and small suitcases.	only carry-on luggage was allowed on this air india plane.	nobody wanted to be left behind.
kenyan school belie laundered clothes still hang friday in the dormitory at garissa university.	the corpses of four attackers, dressed head to toe in black and still clutching their ak-47s.	red cross workers were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students.
lane bryant has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled # imnoangel.	the campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at victoria's secret and its very popular angels line.	lane bryant's campaign is getting positive buzz in social media land.
a grand jury in dallas county, texas, has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of jason harrison, a schizophrenic man whose mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital.	the incident occurred in june, and harrison's family filed a lawsuit in november.
nasa released a graphic noting that scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies.	the hubble space telescope has been key to the discoveries, nasa said in a news release.	nasa is n't talking about intelligent alien civilizations from the alpha quadrant.
the film centered on the cast of a canceled space tv show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship and must save an alien nation.	the film starred tim allen, sigourney weaver, alan rickman, sam rockwell, daryl mitchell and enrico colantoni.
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan's equivalent to the white house on wednesday, police and government officials said.	the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear plant in kagoshima prefecture.
new york's iconic statue of liberty and liberty island will reopen to the public saturday.	nypd bomb squad examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package.	all civilians were evacuated and only emergency personnel remained on liberty island.
america's major fast-food chains, retailers and department stores use "just-in-time" scheduling to maximize profit.	low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis, and low-wage jobs remain a fixture of the new economy.
the new south china mall has been an embarrassment for its owners and china.	the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment, shops and eateries.	outside the mall, a giant egyptian sphinx and a replica of the arc de triomphe were erected.
patrick cherry, an nypd detective assigned to the fbi's joint terrorism task force, faces suspension, reassignment or loss of his clearance after the video of the altercation went viral.	the altercation began monday when the uber driver gestured to a detective in an unmarked car to use his blinker after he was allegedly attempting to park without using it, according to sanjay seth, a passenger in the car who uploaded the video to youtube.	a visibly upset police commissioner william bratton on wednesday said the detective was placed on modified assignment pending an investigation.
brian rogers and caitlin mcguire seem like any other small business owners.	the couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010.	they were only permitted to sell medical marijuana to the approximate 4,500 permanent residents of breckenridge.
"i'll feel like i'm being stabbed in the stomach, and it gets hard to breathe and my throat and tongue start swelling".	the cracker or the bite of ice cream -- brynn duncan still is n't sure which one sent her into anaphylactic shock that day.	it was just another day with another massive allergic reaction.
hundreds of thousands of brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country.	there are a number of issues at play.	there has n't been any evidence she was involved with the scheme, and her supporters say the position is merely a figurehead.
kenyans used social media to talk about the lives of the victims.	the attack at a university in garissa on thursday killed 147 people, mostly students.	mourners read names of some of the victims as candles flickered in the dark.
president joko widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes.	the 31-year-old chan has been called the ringleader and 33-year-old sukumaran.	april marks a decade on death row for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran.
the abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls a year ago captured global attention and inspired the hashtag # bringbackourgirls.	the campaign has "leading snapchat artists" sharing images based on drawings from children in nigeria, chad and niger.
washington wants this to be inside the u.s. embassy by the end of next year.	the project has been handed between rotations of u.s. officers and is perhaps a little distant from its first conception.	u.s. officials told us they are optimistic the logistical road ahead can be smoothed.
facebook's oculus rift and magic leap are leading the pack.	their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air.	changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended tactile surfaces.
the massive tech company is known for its impish april fools' day pranks, and google maps has been at the center of a few, including a pokemon challenge and a treasure map.	it's easy to play: simply pull up google maps on your desktop browser.
aaron hernandez is known for his swagger.	he's on trial for murder? when the once rising star for the new england patriots walks into court each day with what appears to be an air of confidence.
laura bernardini: catholic had n't read the good book cover to cover.	i have never read the bible from genesis to revelation, she says.	she will admit to being pretty stunned and a little scared at the prospect.
mao zedong's "little red book," a selection of the chairman's quotations, was required reading during china's cultural revolution in the 1960s and 70s.	designed by the central party school, the app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies.
stan freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital, his son and daughter, donavan and donna freberg.	the godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials, freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist".
cynthia cheroitich went into a closet, covering herself with clothes.	her two roommates hid under their beds, until the gunmen called them out.	for the next two days, cheroitich did n't want to open my eyes.
rick santorum says he'd hoped indiana gov.	mike pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law rather than limiting its scope.	santorum, the former republican senator from pennsylvania, is likely to mount another presidential campaign in 2016.
joni mitchell, 71, was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997.	she is currently in intensive care undergoing tests and is awake and in good spirits.	some of mitchell's best-known songs are "big yellow taxi," "help me" and "free man in paris".
mount everest is part of the himalaya mountain range on the border between nepal and the tibet region.	the mountain is part of a unesco world heritage site.	more than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak.
netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with iran.	he has also called for the removal of sanctions to be tied to the reduction of what he characterizes as iran's aggression in the region, not just its moves on its nuclear program.
holland america line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ship.	the ship left tampa, florida, on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise.	it's currently in san juan, puerto rico.
iran's president says the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program is a more active, engaged player in world affairs.	rouhani said his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the framework deal, which was agreed upon thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a june 30 deadline.
fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest.	"tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," he says.
fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest.	"tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," he says.
the family photo has become a social media sensation after appearing on the photographer's facebook page this week.	it has some 193,000 likes and more than 24,000 shares.	"i ca n't believe she actually did this," sharry says.
kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over.	but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured.	the battle with al-shabaab is not a new one, and every attempt at countering them.
boko haram has grown beyond the capacity of the official camps.	the man on the phone was offering us young children with the casualness of a market trader.	he'd heard my foreign accent and clearly decided i would pay more than the domestic rate.
young girls say goodbye to their loved ones, part of her mentorship initiative "tech needs girls".	agyare says life is often challenging for many local girls, with some growing up without ever leaving the community.
sen. chuck schumer is one who can offer clarity over indiana's version of the law.	the issue drives a wedge because it is already in the books at the federal level and 19 other states.
lawyer alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein.	buckingham palace denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in january.	marra wrote in the decision that the "doe 3" was forced to have sex with several men when she was a teenager.
the dalniy vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people.	the trawler is also thought to have keeled over as a result of hauling some 80 tons of fish on to the deck, the chairman of the emergencies commission.
u.s. secretary of state john kerry and senior european union diplomat helga schmid held talks early thursday.	iran has shown "its readiness to engage with dignity," the iranian minister says.	zarif says iran has made significant progress over the last few days.
more than 10 years ago, following 9/11, airbus, the manufacturer of the doomed aircraft, was working to d‎evelop aircraft crash avoidance software already used in automobiles.	if a pilot is incapacitated or ignores audible warnings, the plane's flight guidance software could take over and plot a course to a safe altitude‎.
gov.	mike pence said on tuesday that the state will "fix" the religious freedom restoration act, or rfra, so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians.	pence is making the right call.
iraq's nineveh plain has been emptied of its ancient christianity community.	this is the time of the year when isis swept like lightning through iraq's nineveh province.	bishop shlemon warduni of iraq told the united states conference of catholic bishops.
nigeria is the biggest economy and most populous country in africa.	it is also one of africa's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the united states.	nigerians wanted a strong leader who could keep them safe from boko haram's murderous raids.
universal's "furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend.	the movie will mark the largest three-day opening since "the hunger games: catching fire".
gov.	jerry brown imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents, businesses and farms.	the 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water.	farms in the state have taken a hit, with reduced water allocations and thousands of farmworkers laid off.
isaiah 58.6 tells us: this is the kind of fast day i'm after: god says about fair and living wages.	the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers and those of us who support them.
iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs, blasted music from stereos and chatted online with the hashtag # irantalks.	excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the united states and other world powers that promises to end iran's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions.
the life-size bronze statue in celoron, new york, has been likened to conway twitty.	it shows the comic star holding a bottle of fictional nutrition elixir vitameatavegamin.	mayor scott schrecengost has gone on record saying he does not care for the statue.
dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested.	he and habibov were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization.	it is unclear if kasimov has been arrested in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists.
the moon slipped fully into earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. pacific time (7:58 a.m.	et) saturday, what nasa says will be the shortest such eclipse of the century.	watchers in the eastern half of north america caught only a partial eclipse.
queen elizabeth ii is officially britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge.	it's been a blink-and-you-miss-it campaign, especially by u.s. standards, where candidates can take years to finesse their messages.
the prime minister did not rule out the possibility of a terror attack.	she was one of millions of turks left confused and concerned by the worst power outage.	municipal workers were forced to evacuate istanbul's marmaray tunnel.
the emails were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice in the city's police and judicial system.	the exchanges make offensive references to president barack obama as well as muslims and minorities -- were obtained by the washington post on thursday.
andrew getty, the 47-year-old grandson of j. paul getty, died tuesday afternoon in his home.	some medication had also been recovered from getty's home.	gordon getty, 81, has a net worth of $2.1 billion.
the latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom.	it's terrifying.	we need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing.
prince harry arrived monday in australia.	he has already spent time with australian troops on a number of occasions.	he began his formal military duties in 2005 at the royal military academy sandhurst.	he helped spearhead and continues to champion the invictus games, a competition.
sheriff tim bukowski said saturday about kamron taylor, the 23-year-old convicted murderer turned jail escapee until his arrest overnight in chicago.	authorities around illinois had been looking for taylor since early wednesday.	he jumped a correctional officer at kankakee's jerome combs detention center, then took off with the guard's uniform and suv.	fingerprints later confirmed that chicago police had indeed caught up with taylor.
kenya launched airstrikes sunday afternoon, targeting the terror group in somalia.	it is not a retaliation to the garissa attack, the military source says.	it is customary for kenyan military sources not to give their names to media.
mike premeau and kathy danke launched a small business, memories gourmet pizza co., in their wisconsin town.	the two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas, including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options.	people posted angry comments on memories gourmet pizza's facebook page.
two bundaberg residents, a 71-year old man and a 64-year old woman, were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm.	the woman, a licensed trainer, was also charged with obstructing police.	she promised a zero tolerance approach to animal abuse.
"black box" was found thursday by recovery teams.	pilot modified the autopilot setting to increase the speed of the plane's descent.	prosecutors in germany said thursday that lubitz acted deliberately to bring down the plane.
prince harry is due to arrive monday in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces.	harry "will work and live alongside colleagues in the australian army in a number of regiments".	he has already spent time with australian troops on a number of occasions.
"did anybody recognize freddie gray when he was alive?" the 25-year-old died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge.	gray was due in court on a possession charge on april 24.
remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the university of veterinary medicine vienna.	the partly excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle.	despite their city not falling, tulln inhabitants and the ottomans were in contact.	but they said it would be impossible to say how it got into the city.
the fbi informant met the men -- thomas jordan driver, david elliot moran, 47, and charles thomas newcomb, 42.	driver told the informant he had gotten into a fight with the inmate and moran wanted him "six feet under".
the p5+1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country's nuclear program.	the parties have until the end to june to work out the details and put the plan to paper.	but that's not to say they were glamorous.
this page includes the show transcript.	use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.	the roll call: for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news! thank you for using cnn student news is created by a team of journalists.
missouri national guard prepared to deploy to help quell riots in ferguson, missouri.	guard used highly militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" to refer to protesters.	national guard was concerned about perceptions of its deployment.
australian foreign minister julie bishop said deal is "an informal arrangement" with iran.	bishop became the first australian government minister to visit iran in 12 years, meeting with president hassan rouhani.	australia is part of the u.s.-led coalition that has strong ties with the iraqi government.
environmentalist group sea shepherd had been subject of an interpol "purple notice".	pursuit ended early monday in the gulf of guinea, off the coast of west africa.	bob barker received a distress call from the thunder.
somalia's president calls it "an attack against the future of our country".	the attack follows a separate incident sunday in which three african union troops died.	four of the victims were foreigners and two were somalis, the agency says.
jason zobott is enrolled in huntley high's blended learning program.	the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students.	students have the option of a flexible schedule during the school day.
charlie hill sits in a dark bar on a blindingly sunny havana day.	he says he is still a revolutionary.	he craves the kind of french fries that only capitalism can make.
the oldest person ever was jeanne louise calment, who died at age 122 in 1997.	she left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.	okawa was born on march 5, 1898.
pope francis reminded the world of the vatican's status as a moral diplomat in his traditional speech given at the end of easter.	he asked for peace from drug dealers, corrupt officials who collaborate with them, and arms dealers.
duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose.	photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community.	at a forum held on the steps of duke chapel, close to where the noose was hung.
muhanad mahmoud al farekh, 29, was deported from pakistan to the united states.	he's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad.	he's going to serve as the conduit or known in pakistan who understands the west.
the sun had n't risen at garissa university college.	it started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. thursday (10:30 p.m.	et wednesday) at the kenyan school's front gates.
border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in yemen this week.	the clash occurred wednesday night at the border in southwestern saudi arabia's asir region.	militants in a mountainous area on the yemeni side fired on saudi border troops.
ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years.	spinnell said he and his client have n't been able to find victor sena blood-dzraku to serve him the papers.
this page includes the show transcript.	use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.	the roll call: for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news! thank you for using cnn student news is created by a team of journalists.
david cameron, natalie bennett of the green party, nicola sturgeon of the scottish national party and leanne wood of plaid cymru, the welsh nationalists, there really was no clear winner.	comres for itv, which staged the debate, had cameron, miliband and farage tied first with 21% and sturgeon close behind on 20% sturgeon first with 28 points to 20 for miliband.
this page includes the show transcript.	use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.	the weekly newsquiz includes a place for you to request to be on the cnn student news.	we're starting with some international headlines today, covering events in kenya and the pacific.
camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region.	the camel owners are sitting on the floor, eating the a'aish, a traditional arabic dish of fish and rice.	there will be 14 races through the afternoon.
exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in chibok, northeastern nigeria.	shame that when such horrendous acts occur, our collective attention span is so fleeting.	my heart goes out to the grief-stricken loved ones of these missing girls on this painful anniversary.
dr. sergio canavero says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure.	the 30-year-old russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig-hoffman disease.	he's identified valery spiridonov as the first patient.
gregory margolin was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army.	his granddaughter liora still marvels at his stories from the war.	he is just trying to remember all the details.
al qaeda has fired a verbal salvo in a multifaction battle over yemen.	yemen-based al qaeda in the arabian peninsula, in a news release and wanted poster distributed online.	aqap referred to al-houthi and saleh as the "two heads of evil".
the islamist militant group al-shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of mogadishu.	the attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the ministry of education, culture & higher education.	soldiers from the african union, who are in somalia in part to support the government's fight against al-shabaab.
wladimir klitschko is the reigning ibf, wba, wbo and ibo champion.	the 43-year-old has led the ukrainian democratic alliance for reform since 2010.	he is a prominent figure in ukrainian politics.
anthony ray hinton is 58 years old.	he says he was innocent when he learned his mother had died.	hinton was convicted of killing two men, but he always said he was innocent.
the scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio.	that does n't mean that norwegians will be left with radio silence ; they'll merely have to tune in digitally.
a new study suggests that the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera, and therefore deserves its own name.	marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879, after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff, wyoming.	apatosaurus had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region and brontosaurus had five, according to the yale peabody museum of natural history.
doug hughes wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called "your pilot.	'' the letter is intended to persuade the guardians of the capitol that i am not a threat and that shooting me down will be a bigger headache.	hughes had his first appearance in court scheduled for thursday.
rio de janeiro has pledged to reduce pollution in the notoriously fetid bay.	the group will work in partnership with the state environmental institute (inea).	officials defended the belief that the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water.
anthony stokes was supposed to have a happy ending, police say.	the teen's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes' "history of non-compliance".	about a week after stokes' story made headlines, children's healthcare of atlanta gave him a heart.
saudi special forces assisted yemeni fighters targeting houthis and their allies in aden.	the special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles "coordinating and guiding" the battle.	they also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment.
swangard was diagnosed in 2013 with a rare form of metastatic cancer.	the operation was successful but swangard knows there's a strong chance the disease will return.	he has seen patients die in hospitals, hooked to morphine drips.
wayne county prosecutor kym worthy charged mitchelle angela blair on wednesday with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, stoni ann blair, and her then 9-year-old son, stephen gage berry.	the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on march 24.
"the meatrix: relaunched" came out.	one of the biggest catalysts has been "the meatrix," a 2003 animation parody based on "the matrix".	factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat, polluting air and water resources.
michael keaton paid homage to his roles in "beetlejuice" and "batman" in his third turn hosting "saturday night live".	keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982.
the collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century.	george clooney paid tribute to the silver screen queen in his award winning speech.	bacall, who died in august 2014 at the age of 89, first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film, "to have not.	you know how to whistle, do n't you steve.
kamron taylor sat in an illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder.	the equinox was discovered around 8:30 a.m. (9:30 a.m.	et) in kankakee, but without any sign of the convicted murderer who drove it.
the hatton garden heist has been the epicentre of london's jewellery trade since medieval times.	thieves using heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of london over the past holiday weekend.	they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands worth of gems and cash.
ayatollah khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq.	he dragged out the war for eight years, despite saddam's willingness to accept a ceasefire, and thus stabilized the foundations of the islamic republic.
south african police raided a jeppestown hostel tuesday while troops secured the perimeter.	defense minister nosiviwe mapisa-nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops.	seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants.
south africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994.	outrage triggered by this violence is being heard loudly throughout social media with "# weareafrica" showcasing the need for a common front against this affront.
the next time you fly to see grandma in florida look down.	the next time you take the kids on a pilgrimage to see the talking mouse or head down to south beach.
new york city detective has been suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000.	the money was gone from a box, but assumed it was taken by one of his employees.	when he checked the cameras he could n't believe what he saw.
u.s. access to space has provided incredible benefit to u.s. national security, defense and the economic well-being of the nation.	for a start, we depend on the atlas v rocket, which carries many of our most important satellites.
tripadvisor's travelers' choice award winners to bump ambergris caye out of the top spot.	providenciales caye held the top ranking on the tripadvisor global islands list for two years in a row before dropping out of the top 10 completely this year.
global capitalism is the economics of greed, with the world economy now doubling in size every generation.	the reality is now laying siege to the physical bases of life and the social support systems that make life pleasant and decent.
malala yousafzai: "like you, i was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school".	she calls on the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls.	malala is admired globally as a figure standing for peace.
two african-americans, ella jones and wesley bell were elected to the ferguson city council.	ferguson opened its polls at 6 a.m. for municipal elections.	this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown last august.
the persian new year's norouz, the persian new year that started on march 21, will be a superb one indeed.	edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they want.
three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the southeastern town of negur.	a militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack.	jaish al adal has also claimed responsibility for attacks on iranian territory.
"rogue one" is scheduled to hit theaters december 16, 2016.	the movie will take place in between "episode iii: revenge of the sith".	jones will play a rebel soldier.
germanwings, 27, passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014.	he had visited an eye doctor because of vision problems, a european government official says.	lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy.
frank, you'll recall, was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex.	he said he was n't aware of the measure but told the young man not to "worry yourself about the crazy people".
the islamic state is now in control of almost all the camp.	an estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside yarmouk, stuck between isis and syrian regime forces in "the deepest circle of hell".
the death toll has doubled in a year's time, the united nations says.	violence has plunged well over half of all syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid.
china's cybercensors have long used a "great firewall" to block its citizens from reading critical articles.	the study's authors have named it the "great cannon," and it operates in plain sight.	it blasts web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks.
the leader of yemen's houthi rebels vowed not to back down on sunday.	his comments came after more than three weeks of saudi-led coalition bombings.	hadi still claims he's working with the saudis and other allies to return to his country.
israel police say a 37-year-old arab motorist struck two people standing at a bus stop.	the driver has been arrested and is under investigation by the general security services.	amid the ongoing investigation, a magistrate court has issued a gag order on details.
oleg kalashnikov, the former member of parliament, was shot and killed shortly after 7 p.m.	kalashnikov, 52, was a member of the party of regions, the former ruling party in ukraine, and was close to yanukovych.	police are investigating the death as a murder.
more than 200 nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago by boko haram militants.	millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign to plead for their return.	they stopped pleading with the nigerian government to do more to rescue the girls.
the new law will take effect in six months.	it will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex.	it also gives the couples greater rights in the realms of property, health care, pensions and inheritance.
the saudis appear intent on seeing it through, as evidenced by remarks from saudi foreign minister saud al-faisal.	the international red cross said that intense fighting had brought "disturbing reports of civilian casualties".	some 75,000 people have been displaced in the past week.
ailina tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival, prosecutors say.	tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev.	authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 boston marathon bombing.
al-shabaab is a somali group that killed more than 70 people.	the group has been behind numerous attacks in the region.	it has also recruited some americans, particularly from the somali-american community in minnesota.
the owner of the door, rabea darduna, filed a complaint with a gaza court stating that, without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175.	the iron door will remain in the possession of the khan younis police in southern gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined.	banksy's graffiti in gaza has become an attraction after he visited in february.
timothy mcveigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the murrah federal building in oklahoma city.	the attack killed 168 men, women and children, injured hundreds more, and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in u.s. history.
university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes' statue come down.	students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month.	rhodes' statue was first unveiled in 1934 at the university, which has a scholarship and memorial in his name.
a man is stood slumped over in a doorway as two women walk by as they celebrate the new year.	paramedics were stretched to the limit and in cambridge a territorial army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.	paramedics in london had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning while the metropolitan police said they had made 77 arrests.
david moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home only to find himself nose-to-nose on a street with rafal cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child.	court heard that the pair had both wound down their car windows, and punched mr cegielka through his open car window.	burnley magistrates' court heard the force of the attack caused damage worth £500.	moore later told police police he had had a' bad day' and' his head was all over the place'.
scotland will discover on may 21 if september's euro 2016 qualifier with georgia will be played behind closed doors.	uefa's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs, locked gates and a lack of body searches by staff at the boris paichadze stadium.	uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation over the incidents.
guus hiddink has slammed his own supporters for booing andres iniesta.	spain coach vicente del bosque fielded an experimental side at the amsterdam arena with iniesta, who started on the bench, entering the fray in the 76th minute to chorus of jeering and boos from the home fans.	centre back stefan de vrij and midfielder davy klaassen scored first-half goals in the morale-boosting victory.	but hiddink was unimpressed with the way iniesta was treated.
fifa recommendations include national associations registering only intermediaries of' impeccable character', all deals annually published online, agents' fees limited to three per cent and no monies earned by them for negotiating deals for players under 18.	fa, premier league and football league have been discussing how best to cope with fifa opting out.
spain's 2-0 defeat by holland brought back bitter memories of 2014 world cup.	coach vicente del bosque will not be too worried about a third straight friendly defeat.	but coach vicente del bosque will be confident he can find the right mix of players to secure spain's berth.
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped last december.	mignolet was dropped' indefinitely' by manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form but quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury.	mignolet has been in impressive form since his return and has kept six consecutive premier league clean sheets away from home.
twitter user arke usa from bryant, arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool.	footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground.
cska sofia's latvian goalkeeper maksims uvarenko has not been paid for three months.	uvarenko, who joined the bulgarian club in january, has been impressed by the' unique' fans and their passionate support.	cska have already issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the bulgarian top division.
ulrike berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old kaia.	but on march 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to europe.
coast guard life boats facilitated a rescue of crew members from the liana's ransom, who had to leap from the replica schooner.	the tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on tuesday, leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland, coast guard said.	the crew was ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the schooner, according to a press release from the coast guard.
the red wings' drew miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight.	the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday's game between the red wings and the senators.	while battling for the puck, ottawa's mark stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching miller just under his visor.
the incident happened last saturday in nanchang, the provincial capital of jiangxi in southeastern china, reported the people’s daily online.	according to his father, the boy was crying out for help.	when she went out to have a look she discovered there was the body of a white car.
rahul kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure at a zoo in ahmedabad.	began running towards the animals, shouting' today i kill a lion!' mr kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and' thought i'd stand a good chance'.	mr kumar fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions, shouting:' today i kill a lion or a lion kills me!'
footage shows the moment a group of men riding on top of a van sent flying as it swerved around a corner.	about half a dozen people were sitting on the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of salé, morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed.	terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans.
hina shamim, 21, died close to the university of kingston last night.	she was knocked down and killed as she walked to to the library.	witnesses said the bmw m3 sportscar knocked her down before careering head-on into a double decker bus.
charlie sumner staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading's madejski stadium during the team's fa cup quarter final replay with bradford city last month.	the reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, before being tackled by stewards.	charlie sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading's madejski stadium during their quarter final replay with bradford city last month.
the 70 hectare area of dorset was tinderbox dry as much of it is on a hillside and water had run off down the slope.	fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares.	the fire was sparked by suspected arsonists in three locations.
michael thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in november 2006 at the stoke inn in plymouth, devon.	he said he could not afford to pay sky tv's rates for football matches.	but the case was delayed by a similar test case which went as far as the european court of justice.
wildlife creature was relaxing in the kruger national park in south africa with its family by a small pool of water when the bull approached - much to the elephant's annoyance.	in a gesture captured on camera, the african elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target.
amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up australia's east coast.	the images were taken in jervis bay, the south coast of nsw, as the neon glow illuminated one of australia's popular beaches.	photographer andy hutchinson described the sight as a' beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light.
charlie sumner staged a one-man pitch invasion during his first-ever game at the madejski stadium.	charlie sumner, 20, faces a three-year football ban after running topless on to the pitch and performing a series of somersaults during the royals' fa cup 3-0 quarter-final replay win over bradford city last month.
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract.	atletico madrid considering bringing him back in the summer.	the full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july, but has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge.
holland and italy in group d of the uefa under 17 european championships.	john peacock's young lions are the defending european champions.	they will have to overcome the dutch again to advance to the quarter-finals.
irish football association hoping that structural damage at its windsor park home will not jeopardise the staging of the team's crucial euro 2016 qualifier against romania in june.	cracks in the structure of the west stand were spotted on tuesday morning and the area was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment of the damage.	northern ireland's windsor park suffered overnight damage to its west stand on monday night.
the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school, houston on tuesday.	the mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter, reports channel 2.
japanese photographer yûki aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers.	the images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates as daughter and salaryman.	each image sees the daughter stood po-faced as their father makes an energetic leap.
dalton roadrunners beat westmont college of california 71-53 in kansas city on march 24 - 11 months after redman's (third from the right) accident.	he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home, confined to a wheelchair.	the future looked bleak for the 25-year-old assistant basketball coach at dalton state college, but against overwhelming odds redman recovered, and on march 24 he helped lead his team to a championship title.
two college campus police officers in dallas have been placed on administrative leave.	the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last wednesday.	the school reportedly wo n't say why the teens were stopped and frisked, but adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted.	she also asked them if they had any dope on them and then proceeds to search their pockets and grab at their clothes.
passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland, new zealand.	in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion.	ritchies boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the' idiot' driver's actions.
robbery took place at 12.30pm at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater, cardiff.	detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect, who is 50 to 60.	detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect.
west ham manager sam allardyce has confirmed winston reid will be fit for saturday's match with bottom-club leicester city, but enner valencia will not be available.	reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by chelsea.	valencia missed west ham's last two games against arsenal and sunderland.
lucas leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years.	the brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late november.	he was an unused substitute in the defeat by manchester united.
tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of asmir begovic.	the bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs.	scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old's ambitions.	begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time.
tom boyd believes jason denayer’s loan spell at celtic has been so successful that he is now ready to challenge for a place at manchester city next season.	the 19-year-old earned a first full cap for his country when he came off the bench in their 1-0 win in israel on tuesday night.	denayer will hope to join kompany in city’s first-team squad when he returns to his parent club this summer.
the north-african nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments.	the caf also demanded a further $9 million in compensation.	morocco pulled out as hosts of the african cup of nations.	cas said that the sanctions have been set aside.
chinese property conglomerate dalian wanda group have formalised purchase of 20 per cent of spanish champions atletico madrid.	the purchase was formalised at an extraordinary general meeting on tuesday where the legal team representing wanda madrid investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m).
simon mignolet took the time to pose for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit.	he was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps in either, with chelsea stopper thibaut courtois preferred instead.	mignolet posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his official facebook account on wednesday.
ian murray reckons a supposedly easier run-in can swing second place hibs' way ahead of rangers in the last month of the championship season.	his dumbarton side have faced both of his former teams in the league this term and will do so once again in the final weeks of the campaign.	stuart mccall's men have the momentum at present - beating hibs and cowdenbeath while alan stubbs' men also lost to raith - murray would n't be surprised to see the balance of power swing back towards easter road before long.
antonio conte admits his return to turin prompted' very fond memories'.	former juventus manager conte replaced prandelli as italy boss in august.	conte reportedly received death threats from juventus fans after claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier.
andros townsend has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he burst onto the international scene.	three lions manager roy hodgson has, however, kept faith with the tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion at the juventus stadium.
the clip, uploaded to facebook, show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of african descent.	the men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out.	the men swoop on the lady and attempt to pull the crowbar out of her hands, sending her sprawling onto the ground.
deva joseph, 14, was left stranded at london stansted airport.	easyjet refused to let her board its plane - because she was carrying two pieces of hand luggage.	teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
gordon robson, 26, killed grandfather john potts, 45, in november last year.	court heard that robson had been drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral before getting into an argument with a friend of mr potts.	robson, who has a history of violent offending, was jailed for three and a half years for the attack outside the ne38 sports bar in washington, tyne and wear, in november last year.
chyknell hall estate is on the market for £6million.	its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom chyknell hall, was built in 1814.	it is thought the regency home could now attract a-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy.
jurgen klopp insists their league position after the klassiker is not his biggest concern.	borussia dortmund and bayern munich have shared the last five bundesliga titles.	but that does not mean the stakes are not as high as they always are when these two clubs meet.	wolfsburg have also beaten them, but it's not all that easy.
gary locke has been given the role on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal.	the former hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston.	gary locke has been given the job at kilmarnock on a permanent basis.
sleep health foundation have released a study reporting that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis.	the average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours, with a range of seven to nine.
police in oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after edward west, 59, yelled for them to get out of the road, oregon live reports.	the boys say they did n't get a good look at the rider, but the marion county sheriff's office is asking the public to help identify the friendly neighborhood motorcyclist.	he has been booked at the marion county jail and is set to appear in court on april 9.
notts county star ellen white was a night to remember as she managed both at the same time against arsenal in the women's super league.	laura bassett and alex greenwood appeared to mess things up, causing confusion at the free kick.	ellen white spins on the box and fires the free kick into the corner against her former club.
valencia’s 19-year-old left back jose luis gaya with manchester city.	his buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m.	sportsmail's pete jenson takes a look at the spain under 21 defender.	when you consider that luke shaw – of a similar age and potential – cost £27m it would be silly not to be interested.
tim sherwood has urged ron vlaar to prove himself again as the aston villa skipper prepares for his return.	sherwood starred in holland's run to the semi finals in brazil last year.	the 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and will face his former international boss when villa travel to old trafford on saturday.
girls aged between 16 and 18 are receiving intensive instruction in how to use a knife form a former special forces solider.	the knives each have retractable blades to prevent injury, but the knives are not real.	school official huang anruo said:' the girls, once trained, will be able to use any sharp implement'.
five-year-old mai zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old, reported the people's daily online.	the five-year-old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shanghai-born yao ming, who played for nba's houston rockets from 2002 to 2011.
steve evans was left fuming on the sidelines after his relegation-threatened side were denied a penalty in their narrow sky bet championship defeat at birmingham.	the hosts had led through first-half goals by robert tesche and clayton donaldson.	rob kiernan's clumsy handling of derbyshire near the hour mark saw the former city forward go down in the box only for referee dean whitestone to wave away appeals for a spot-kick.
tim sherwood insists aston villa manager is not concerned by talks of a takeover.	the villa squad were put through their paces ahead of their trip to manchester united.	tim sherwood is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer.
southampton boss ronald koeman will wait for a more accurate date for fraser forster's return before deciding whether an additional goalkeeper must be signed in the summer.	forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in the 2-0 victory over burnley a fortnight ago and estimates for his comeback have ranged from four to 12 months.
jason denayer has impressed while playing for celtic on loan.	celtic are keen to retain the 19-year-old belgian defender, but face an uphill struggle to do so.	manuel pellegrini has confirmed that city will be required to invest in' homegrown' talent.
ronny deila insists celtic will not risk their champions league aspirations.	the norwegian blamed last summer’s money-spinning programme of games in the united states, austria, germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw.	deila says he has the blessing of chief executive peter lawwell to scale down this summer’s commitments.
virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic but was n't rewarded with a call-up to the holland national team.	the celtic defender made it into two squads last year.	van dijk's last call-up to the dutch side came last year though he has never been capped by his country.
celtic have hit out at the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final against inverness later this month at hampden.	the game's governing body has already come under fire from caley thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on sunday, april 18 - before the first trains from inverness arrive in glasgow.
bayern munich will be without versatile left-back david alaba for the closing stages of the season.	left-back david alaba is tackled by emir spahic's tackle during austria's 1-1 draw against bosnia-herzegovina.	alaba, out for three months earlier this season after a partial ligament tear in his right knee.
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock’s permanent manager on friday - exactly eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season.	an announcement will be made by the rugby park club on friday morning.	kilmarnock will confirm gary locke as the club's new permanent manager on friday.
rangers interim chairman paul murray insisted on thursday night the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ‘solely’ to blame for the club’s stock exchange removal.	the ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market.	murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected and that planned investments will still take place.
wayne rooney and his england team-mates were upset by the sloppy, uninspired way they started in italy on tuesday night.	hopes were high after seven straight wins but roy hodgson's men struggled in the first half.	rooney said he and the rest of the england squad arrived back from italy on wednesday after their flight was delayed.
dundee united have hit back at fierce criticism of the board's performance by two leading supporters' groups.	arabtrust and the federation of dundee united supporters clubs say they are' shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld, andrew robertson, stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties.	the tannadice club - already under fire for selling armstrong and mackay-steven to celtic six weeks before their league cup final defeat to the scottish champions.
ronny deila has confirmed hearts captain danny wilson features on a list of celtic’s summer transfer targets.	sportsmail revealed on tuesday, the scottish champions are considering a £400,000 offer for the former rangers and liverpool defender.	wilson has 12 months left on his current contract at the end of the season but hearts are in no rush to sell.	hearts captain danny wilson is a summer transfer target for celtic.
darren cole wants to play in sunday's petrofac cup final despite the tragic death of his cousin in america.	the ex-rangers youth has been mourning the loss of shaun cole, 22, who was found dead in a miami street last weekend.	livingston star cole, 23, was close to shaun and paid tribute to the army private on his twitter account this week.
hull kr have plugged the gap created by the loss of front row pair michael weyman and ryan bailey with the capture of experienced australian forward dane tilse from canberra raiders.	the 6ft 7in, 17st-plus tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with the robins and will join them as soon as he receives the necessary paperwork after the raiders agreed to release him.	tilse, 30, will move from canberra raiders to hull kr on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
police found 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb in the northern territory.	it is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin airport, and would then be sent on to the tiwi islands 100kms to the north.	the stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
alan smith has rubbished claims that liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in following the aftermath of his horror injury during manchester united's fa cup fifth round clash at anfield.	reports circulated that liverpool fans tried to disrupt smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance as well as rocking the vehicle.	smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle as a result of the incident at anfield.
davon durant, a promising linebacker at asu, was arrested last month on domestic violence charges.	she claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car march 7.	following his arrest, durant, a transfer from a kansas college and a five-star recruit, was suspended from the football team indefinitely.	she said her earlier assault story was ’completely made up' and durant was innocent.
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front of a fan wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back.	the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 followers writing:' love having my fans support!! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'.	this is n't the first time a celebrity has snapped a selfie with an unsuspecting fan.
franck ribery has dismissed reports linking wolfsburg forward kevin de bruyne with bayern munich as a potential replacement for the former france international or his team-mate arjen robben.	ribery says despite his impressive form the 23-year-old belgian is the wrong style of player to come in under pep guardiola because he has different assets to himself and the holland winger.	ribery says de bruyne's skills do n't mesh with the style of pep guardiola (right).
eden hazard has admitted an intense campaign with chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at the best of his ability after he was substituted just 62 minutes into belgium's win over israel on tuesday.	hazard has played 48 games this season for club and country, missing just five matches for chelsea.	hazard was substituted with 28 minutes in belgium's 1-0 win over israel in jerusalem on tuesday night.	hazard has played all but five of chelsea's games this season.
clarke carlisle says he has' moved out of the marital home' in yorkshire that he shared with his wife of 14 years, gemma.	the 35-year-old father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the a64 near york in december, suffering cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered left knee.	the incident has left the ex-burnley defender with scars all over his body.
cesc fabregas captained spain on tuesday but his poor form continued.	the 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west london earlier this week.	he was one of the worst players on the pitch again in his country's 2-0 defeat by holland.
andros townsend came off the bench to score the equaliser.	it was the perfect riposte after merson said in his column:' if andros townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody.	we are not picking players who are playing well for their clubs'.	townsend later tweeted to his 285,000 followers:' it's just a matter of opinion'.
michael mcindoe, who played for bristol city and wolverhampton wanderers, lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return.	but the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in october last year with more than £2million debts.	the 35-year-old told a hearing in london he was now surviving on the generosity of' good friends and family'.
study reveals britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves.	treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine.	surprisingly, men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves.
six people have been arrested in dover on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences.	searches are taking place at a number of addresses in birmingham.	they are currently being questioned at a police station in the west midlands area.
black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j.	footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees celsius.
charlie austin has revealed how his good mate joey barton ignored him on his first day at queens park rangers before realising his mistake.	the striker has had a premier league debut season to remember and is being touted as a possible england debutant in the future after scoring 15 goals in the competition.	austin's first season has been somewhat spectacular and he's currently fourth in the highest goalscoring charts behind harry kane.
arsene wenger shows his frustrations during a premier league match in 2011.	arsene wenger is a disciple of adam smith and these are the basic principles of a free market.	fa chairman greg dyke pictured attending the friendly between england and italy.
the spine-tinging video, which was captured in wangaratta, northeast victoria, begins with the man approaching his black holden ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent.	the driver sprays his car with insect repellent, forcing a huntsman spider to reveal itself from under the door handle.	but the man appears less composed when the hairy huntsman’s legs pop out, yelping and cowering back in fright.
south sydney hooker issac luke is at the centre of a homophobic accusation after posting a homophobic slur on instagram.	the 27-year-old had made a heartfelt appeal on his official instagram account on saturday in a bid to track down the young rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at anz stadium in sydney.	rugby league player had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised after the controversial clash.
residents of celoron, n.y., say a statue of hometown icon lucile ball is' monstrous'.	the statue is based on a famous moment from ball's show' i love lucy,' in which she pitches an intoxicating health tonic while drunk.	yahoo reports that the anonymous man behind the page says he's a' big fan of lucy's.
nathan redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes.	but the ball hugging the white line as it went forward.	norwich striker is brought down by brighton captain gordon greer.
james oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier, 53.	police report that they found oliver in the driveway of a home in noblesboro, maine, on saturday night, reports nbc news.	currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance.
juventus are 14 points clear of roma at the top of serie a.	massimiliano allegri has been an integral part of the juventus side 14 points.	fiorentina are just one point clear at the top of serie a.
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has likened england hot-shot harry kane to gabriel batistuta and insisted he will be there to help him when things are not going to plan.	kane moved to within two strikes of the 30-goal barrier for the season after scoring on his full international debut some 79 seconds after coming on against lithuania at wembley last friday night.	england boss roy hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check for kane, who has enjoyed a meteoric rise.
juventus director pavel nedved has revealed that barcelona are interested in bringing paul pogba to the nou camp.	the czech star insisted the french star wo n't be moving anywhere.	but he also admitted he was pleased juve did n't draw the catalan side in the quarter-finals of the champions league.
liverpool target neto also wanted by psg and clubs in spain.	brendan rodgers faces stiff competition to land the fiorentina goalkeeper.	brazilian's agent stefano castagna is quoted as saying by gazzetta tv.
youtube user richard stewart showing a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada.	the sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.	a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt.
lance corporal riki hughes has been working as a telecoms engineer since he left the army.	he claimed to be making rent payments to the club - even though the team was actually getting its property for free.	the former soldier, who served two tours in iraq, pleaded guilty to stealing £17,000, but the club claimed that the total theft amounted to £26,000.
lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday's derby clash with newcastle.	head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season.	lee cattermole trains with sunderland on the friday before the wear-tyne derby.
rory mcilroy succeeds in his bid to complete a career grand slam by winning the forthcoming masters, it will complete a life-long journey for the world's best golfer.	the video begins with mcilroy embarking on a jog at the crack of dawn as the tagline' six weeks to georgia' appears on the screen.
sergio garcia insists he is focused on winning his first pga tour title.	rory mcilroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam.	garcia is concentrating on ending his victory drought.
johnny sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with racing metro.	he has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby and won the lot.	sexton has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby.
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday.	india has influenced the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final.	kamal, a bangladeshi, said at the airport on his return from the tournament in australia.
ben davies will allow no room for sentiment up against wales team-mate sam vokes at burnley on sunday.	spurs head to turf moor looking to sustain a decent run following just one defeat, but just a point from safety.	burnley, meanwhile, are scrapping for survival, currently 18th.
west ham face leicester at the king power stadium on saturday.	sam allardyce has defended nigel pearson as' his own man'.	allardyce had pearson on his coaching staff when he was newcastle united manager in 2007.
john carver says he will' whip' his players to make sure they're motivated to beat sunderland on sunday.	magpies have lost the last four matches against their north-east rivals and head coach carver.	john carver says he will' whip to make sure we do n't get out-worked'.
dick advocaat’s side will be keen to avoid a third defeat on the spin.	papiss cisse is newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals.	sportsmail can reveal that john carver’s team would be two points adrift of their foes in the relegation zone.
john o'shea wants a fifth straight derby win against newcastle.	the wear-tyne rivals meet at the stadium of light on sunday with sunderland.	but in grave need of three points to ease themselves away from the developing battle.
chelsea beat stoke 3-0 on their most recent visit to stamford bridge.	mark hughes says his side must end their barren run at chelsea.	stoke city manager mark hughes said:' it's not easy.	our record there has n't been great'.
dick advocaat will welcome' controller' lee cattermole back to the heart of his sunderland team as he attempts to launch another late survival bid with a record fifth successive derby victory.	the 27-year-old enforcer has missed the last two games through suspension after reaching 10 bookings for the season.
uefa's increase in champions league money gives celtic a fourth successive title.	ronny deila's side seek to stretch their premiership lead to eight points.	celtic take on st mirren in paisley tonight.
celta vigo forward nolito has declared that lionel messi should hit the spanish coast on sunday instead of risking his foot injury.	barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem.	nolito played alongside messi for a period at barcelona.
neil redfearn is considering his position as manager of leeds united.	the club suspended his assistant steve thompson on thursday.	thompson's suspension has left manager neil redfearn considering his future at elland road.	leeds united assistant manager steve thompson has been suspended by the club.
robbie neilson insists the likes of danny wilson will only leave hearts.	celtic have placed former rangers defender wilson on a list of potential summer recruits.	hearts manager robbie neilson will not sell his players unless it is right.
david templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods deployed at rangers by ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall.	the ibrox winger claimed stuart mccall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management.	templeton praised the impact the former motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month.
raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at the anfield club.	west ham manager feels paying sterling more than the £100,000-per-week deal he was already offered would lead to the 20-year-old's team-mates demanding more.	yet allardyce does not blame sterling, currently on £35,000 a week at liverpool, for trying to get as much as possible.
jonas gutierrez is preparing to face sunderland in the fourth game.	the 31-year-old has appeared as a substitute in each of the magpies' last three games.	he has been a substitute in newcastle's last three matches.
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr.	the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week.	they are keen to get him on board for what is expected to be confirmed.
ian wright would be disappointed to see theo walcott leave north london.	walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season.	gunners legend ian wright says that would be' a shame'.
raheem sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than stoke frontman jon walters - while his conversion rate and minutes per goal ratio have worsened as the graphic below shows.	raheem sterling has struggled to repeat the impressive form he showed for the reds last season.
england will not be playing in the under 19 european championships this summer.	the young lions had to beat france in saint-lo to advance to july's finals in greece.	but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet put the hosts in command and a late response from fulham's patrick roberts was n't enough to rescue sean o'driscoll's team.
roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england.	england coach roy hodgson has kept faith with the 21-year-old and martinez believes his two substitute appearances for england against lithuania and italy over the past week have shown that the midfielder is ready to kick on again.	roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england.
tony pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace.	pulis said west brom has' gone off the rails' in recent seasons.	west brom finished 10th and 8th under alan irvine last season.	pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market.
kevin sinfield has been warned he will be a' target' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season.	sinfield, 34, the greatest captain in leeds' history, stunned the world of rugby league on tuesday with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season.	leeds rhinos captain kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season and join the rhinos' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract.
rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the bulldogs in sydney.	but fans turned on referee gerard sutton and his colleagues after they penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute.	sutton slipped over as he attempted to dodge the missiles for cover.	he was assisted to his feet and moved to the officials room.
new video shows homeless people reading out cruel tweets that have been written about them.	clip was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans.	designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough.
brighton and hove albion are giving the club's young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent.	championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players.	brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law.
george boyd is the equivalent of running from burnley's turf moor ground to crystal palace's selhurst park in south london.	the burnley winger has run slightly further than tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen.	boyd is joined by his team-mates scott arfield and david jones in a list.
manchester united midfielder was sent off for internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on ypiranga erechim striker otacilio neto that also saw his opponent sent off for retaliating with an elbow.	but at least on wednesday his own errors were outshone by the stupidity of a team-mate.	anderson shows his shock to be shown the red card for what he believed to be an innocent challenge.	he has already been suspended until the end of the week by his club.
gordon taylor insists raheem sterling is not being disloyal to liverpool.	brendan rodgers described the £100,000-a-week contract offer as an' incredible offer'.	sterling admitted in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract.
the child's father, 25, and mother, 25, from perry barr, birmingham, were held after their daughter died yesterday afternoon.	police were called to their home at just before 1am because the baby was said to be suffering breathing difficulties.	an ambulance crew was the first to arrive at the home on tuesday evening.
dug the pug's face swelled to twice its size after he was bitten in the face by a rattlesnake.	the pair were hiking on the jurupa hills trail in fontana, canada, on thursday when they heard a rattling sound.	lindsay backed away, but dug ran up to the reptile and suffered the consequences.
seven-year-old boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food.	shocking incident occurred in pagma nagar in the city of bhiwandi, a suburb of mumbai, police said today.
tycoon harvey boulter has already given £30,000 to the ukip candidate.	also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat tom tugendhat, who is standing for the tories in tonbridge and west malling, kent.
jose mourinho could return to take charge of real madrid one day.	real's door will never be closed to bringing the portuguese coach back as boss.	jose mourinho has spoken with the chelsea manager as recently as last week.
paddy morrall noticed the full-length christ on a snapped scaffolding board in inverness, scotland, on wednesday.	the 31-year-old builder, from keighley, near bradford, has been seen in toast, pancakes, crisps and ice cream.
document was commissioned by executives at the bbc who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media.	emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as gary lineker and graham norton.	bosses at radio 1 and radio 1 extra were sent the guide earlier this week.
inter milan coach roberto mancini has cancelled his players' day off.	the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time, watched by vice-president javier zanetti and sporting director piero ausilio.	mancini was furious at his players' attitude after the saturday's draw left them joint ninth alongside genoa and 10 points adrift of the european places.	roberto mancini has cancelled his inter milan players' day off on easter.
brendan rodgers admits liverpool are unlikely to reach the top four after losing to arsenal 4-1.	brendan rodgers did not do disconsolate.	but he did not pretend that this has not been a difficult season.
most fans wants to get their hands on a rare piece of memorabilia once belonging to their favourite player or team and little bits of history can fetch thousands of pounds on the open market.	the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on tuesday but it is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum being quoted.	ex-manchester united and england defender paul parker's old passport was listed on ebay.
slovakia's ondrej duda scored after the interval to lead slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the czech republic on tuesday in a friendly between the two teams that once represented czechoslovakia.	it was the third victory for slovakia in the 10th match against the czechs since czechoslovakia's split in 1993.	the czechs have won five matches to sit top of their group and on course for a first euro finals.
karim benzema showed his rapping skills while cruising along in his bugatti veyron.	the real madrid star posted a video of him singing along to tupac's classic track' check out time'.	tupac's track' all eyez on me' might have been a more suitable choice for the los blancos star, however, as benzema looks to add to his goal tally of 20 goals in all competitions.
two goals inside the last four minutes saw the yorkshire derby clash between sheffield wednesday and huddersfield end in a 1-1 draw.	sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and ishmael miller secured a point for his side with an equaliser just a minute from time.	the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games and 18th in the table, six places and nine points behind wednesday.
stuart dallas has come a long way since mark warburton plucked him from a glorified park and £70-a-week.	the 23-year-old, who impressed for northern ireland in the week, scored two quite stunning goals as brentford demolished fulham 4-1 on good friday.	they go into monday's game against nottingham forest eyeing more than just a play-off spot.
the crash happened on easter sunday night on warringah road in frenchs forest, northern sydney at a traffic light intersection.	the crash occurred on warringah road in frenchs forest.	nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution.
trey moses, a senior at eastern high school in louisville, kentucky who will play for ball state next year, asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom.	moses, who has a girlfriend, posted photos of the event to his twitter page.	she said that her daughter met moses through a program called' best buddies'.
villagers from shandong province have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags.	recent images show intrepid residents from lijin village in dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws, reported the people’s daily online.
a new facebook graph shows the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county.	the mets are not the favorite team in one county in the country.	the graph, created by facebook, uses profile likes and then breaks the individuals down by country to determine a winner.
president barack obama took a break from being the real president on april fools' day to impersonate a fictional one, house of cards' conniving frank underwood.	obama attempted to copy the deep voice and south carolina accent of the fictional commander-in-chief, who is known for scheming his way into the nation's highest office through deceit.	he has previously admitted to watching the netflix show, though he says that life in washington is not as dramatic as portrayed by kevin spacey and others.
brady eaves, the privately-educated stepson of a former mississippi governor candidate, as the teenager who shrieked with laughter as he murdered the small animal in a video from a drunken spring break party.	the footage, allegedly filmed in florida, could see eaves charged with felony animal cruelty charges, which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $5,000 in fines.	it comes after phi delta theta openly condemned eaves' actions and expelled him from the fraternity.
john bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 12 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight.	at the age of 30, the artist from denton in texas was completely blind.	despite never seeing his guide dog, mr bramblitt was able to work seamlessly.
silhan ozcelik, 18, went missing from her kurdish family’s home last october.	she was still only 17 when she returned to the uk from germany on january 16.	the teenager, who is of kurdish heritage, was then detained at stansted airport.
ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted during his side's match against fenerbahce on saturday.	the 30-year-old, who is on loan from bundesliga club werder bremen had suffered a heart attack but appears to have given the all-clear.
chris ramsey has hailed tony pulis as one of the top british coaches in the country.	qpr, who face pulis’s west brom at the hawthorns on saturday, are 19th in the barclay’s premier league table – four points adrift of sunderland in the premier league.	the r’s have taken just four points since the turn of the year.
patrick kluivert has made a winning start in world cup qualifying as coach of curacao.	the caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf.	patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualification.
tiger woods has been spotted hitting balls on the practice range at augusta national.	woods has not appeared on the pga tour since withdrawing from the farmers insurance open on february 5 with a recurrence of his back problems.	woods has now returned to the venue for a practice session.
edinburgh welcome back three scotland internationals for sunday's european challenge cup quarter-final with london irish.	dougie fife, alasdair dickinson and ross ford were all rested for last week's guinness pro12 26-15 win over scarlets in llanelli following their efforts for the dark blues during the rbs six nations.
sri lanka's kumar sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket and continue for another year.	the country's sports minister said on wednesday, disappointed with a world cup quarter-final defeat and saying that he was happy sri lanka were in a better place than when he came into the side in 2000.
moses kipsiro, who successfully defended his commonwealth games 10,000m title in glasgow last year, told sportsmail this week of the day five female athletes came to him for help.	but he told me he will have to leave uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate his claims.	moses kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been abusing female athletes, some as young as 15.
crystal palace manager alan pardew insists manchester city can come from behind again to snatch the barclays premier league title from chelsea.	city overtook liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season and in 2012, sergio aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sank manchester united on goal difference.	chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand but pardew, whose palace side host city on monday, believes the race is far from over.	pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the match against city.
swansea's jefferson montero suffered a muscle strain during ecuador's 1-0 defeat by mexico in a los angeles friendly on saturday.	montero suffered a muscle strain against mexico during the international break and the injury is not as serious as first feared but on-loan spurs midfielder tom carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on england under 21 duty.	gaston ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.
hull city have reapplied to the football association to have the club name changed to hull tigers after the initial request was blocked.	the move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the fa council voted against it by 47 votes to 27.	an arbitration panel has ruled that owner assem allam can make another application to change the name.
esteban cambiasso says leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso knows what it feels like to claim football's biggest prizes but says saving the premier league strugglers from relegation would be one of the highlights of his career.	cambiasso, a former argentina international, claimed five serie a titles at previous club inter milan where he also won the champions league in 2010.	he joined leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal at the king power stadium.
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid when his season-long loan spell ends at southampton.	the belgian defender has impressed this season on the south coast.	atletico say they are counting on aldeirwereld to return to la liga.
chelsea host stoke city at stamford bridge (saturday 3pm).	jonathan walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for saturday's barclays premier league trip to chelsea.	chelsea will make a late decision on whether diego costa will play in saturday's match with stoke.	here is all the information you need to know about every fixture.
garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull on saturday.	garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull by picking up a point.	swansea have eight more games to collect the five points.
kris commons has a shot on goal during the spl match against st mirren on friday.	st mirren's jim goodwin slides in with a challenge on celtic midfielder stefan johansen at st mirren park.	st mirren may be at the bottom of the premiership table and still four points from even a play-off spot.
stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club at ibrox.	the tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to govan last august.	hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories.
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are billed as two great rivals of modern day football.	the 2002 world cup winner is a co-owner of second tier united states side fort lauderdale strikers and ronaldo wants to leave no stone unturned in his quest to make the side a major global force.	ronaldo says he' would pay from my own pocket' to sign lionel messi to his united states football team.
carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the turin giants maintained their 14-point lead at the top.	carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the bianconeri responded to wins from roma and lazio to restore a seemingly unassailable lead at the top of the standings.	they also had goalkeeper gianluigi buffon to thank for making several fine interventions in the second half.	miralem pjanic's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn rudi garcia's men all three points.
alessandro florenzi and mohamed salah helped fiorentina to a 2-0 win over sampdoria on a rain-drenched pitch which lifted their team into fourth place on 49 points.	mohamed salah continued his scoring streak as the on-loan chelsea midfielder struck again.	pjanic, who was also on target when roma last won at home against inter milan in november.
cesar azpilicueta is counting down the games until chelsea win the barclays premier league title.	the blues have long been considered title favourites and azpilicueta puts that down to the lightning start they made back in august.	jose mourinho's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their opening 3-1 win over burnley.
kevin de bruyne's agent has denied a deal in his place for his client to leave wolfsburg in the summer.	de bruyne admitted that a number of clubs are keeping an eye on the belgian star.	patrick de koster revealed that the midfielder is a wanted man but no deal for a move away is in place.
ulster have announced the signing of new zealand international charles piutau.	piutau, who can play full back, has agreed a two-year deal from july 2016.	he has won 14 caps for the all blacks, making his test debut against france two years ago.	he has an exceptional off-loading game and he is rock-solid in defence.
northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when george north will next play after confirming the wales wing will miss saturday's european champions cup quarter-final at clermont auvergne after his latest head injury.	saints director jim mallinder said' we wo n't play him at the weekend,' saints director of rugby jim mallinder said.	north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months.
mohamed diame set to return from injury for hull city's visit to swansea.	hull boss steve bruce has confirmed that the sengalese midfielder will be involved.	hull are currently just three points above the premier league drop zone.
tom carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines due to ankle ligament damage.	carroll was hurt in england under 21s' 1-0 win over the czech republic.	carroll has made 18 appearances for swansea.
franck ribery says he has no chance of playing against borussia dortmund.	the bayern munich winger limped off against shakhtar donetsk.	but ribery is hopeful he could be back for the german cup quarter-finals.
bayern munich captain philipp lahm could make his first bundesliga start since returning from an ankle injury by appearing against borussia dortmund on saturday.	lahm has made only two substitute appearances for bayern since breaking his ankle in training on november 18, and guardiola attempted to take some pressure off his captain by warning that the whole team has to work together to compensate for missing players.
alvaro morata wants to continue his development at juventus and has no interest in rejoining real madrid, according to his agent beppe bozzo.	the 22-year-old joined the italian giants for £15.8million last summer after failing to break into the real first-team on a regular basis.	morata signed a five-year deal at the juventus stadium after starting just three games in la liga.
michael duff believes sean dyche could one day take charge of england.	dyche, 43, has backed his manager sean dyche to one day take charge of the england team.	duff has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of united.
brentford beat fulham 4-1 in a hard-fought west london derby at craven cottage.	stuart dallas fired home two superb strikes while a sublime free-kick from second-half substitute alan judge and a late fourth from jota ensured all three points.	brentford boss mark warburton was delighted with his brentford side's win over local rivals fulham.
jos hooiveld's late strike earned millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over south london rivals charlton on good friday - the lions' first win at the den since october.	hooiveld prodded home magaye gueye's low drive in the 87th minute, after gueye had cancelled out alou diarra's strike for the addicks.	charlton had skipper chris solly dismissed midway through the first half for deliberate handball in the box, but stephen henderson saved lee gregory's resulting penalty.
large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works.	more than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption.	labour has accused the government of failing to learn from the boxing day.
brazil's world cup stadium in natal is being sold by owner grupo oas.	the company also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the fonte nova arena in salvador.	the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation.
u.s. senators has written to football's world governing body fifa.	in a letter dated tuesday, the 13 democratic and republican u.s. lawmakers said they' strongly encourage' fifa to move the global competition.	allowing russia to host the world cup inappropriately bolsters the prestige of the russian president vladimir) putin regime at a time when it should be condemned.
harry kane will be in gareth southgate's squad for the czech republic.	roy hodgson has given kane the green light to play in the european championships.	pochettino has given kane his blessing to play in the european championships.
manchester united beat arsenal at the emirates last month in a live tv match.	juan mata celebrates scoring for manchester united at liverpool.	manchester united beat arsenal 2-1 in the premier league.
the quick silver p-51d mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team bill and scooter yoak as a tribute to american servicemen who have died in combat.	the p-51 say their aircraft was a' celebration of our nation's armed forces'.	the yoaks, nicknamed the resurrected veteran, was pieced together by bill yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
sources thomaz alckmin, son of geraldo alckmin, was one of the victims after the crash happened in the carapicuiba area on the outskirts of sao paulo.	no one was thought to have been in the house, the roof of which was clearly devastated by the impact.	it is thought the damaged house had been under construction.
car shape originally designed to help french farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the uk.	it is just as popular across the world from munich to mexico city thanks to its practical design, economy and comfort.
paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team's 0-0 draw with burnley.	townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham as they drew 0-0 against burnley.	paul merson had another dig at andros townsend after scoring for england against italy.
venezuela captain juan arango has apologised to a rival player after biting him on the shoulder.	arango's tijuana side were losing 4-3 to monterrey with just seconds left when he went up to midfielder jesus zavala and bit him.	zavala holds his shoulder after being bitten by arango, in the game zavala's side won 4-3.
almeria have named former barcelona defender sergi barjuan as their third coach of the season.	the 43-year-old barjuan replaces juan ignacio martinez, who was fired on sunday, a day after almeria lost 4-1 at home to levante.	almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
cristiano ronaldo and his real team-mates as the european champions won 9-1 at the bernabeu.	the portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in europe's top leagues.	granada were torn to shreds by ronaldo and his real team-mates as the european champions won 9-1.
salford red devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by wigan after a thrilling 24-18 contest which saw both players finish with 12 men.	the red devils were hanging onto a 12-8 interval lead when jones-bishop struck on the hour to help his club leapfrog the warriors into third place in the table.	salford's last win against wigan was a 16-4 challenge cup fifth-round victory at the willows in 2006.	conor farrell, younger brother of second row liam, also stepped into the squad with joel tomkins missing.
hull bounced back from thursday's derby defeat to hull kr.	jamie shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked the home side.	hull sensed victory at langtree park, condemning st helens to a third straight defeat.
england fans sang anti-ira songs during tuesday's friendly draw with italy.	there is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants.	michael carrick and the rest of the england squad applaud the travelling support in turin on tuesday.
roy hodgson has submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france.	england captain wayne rooney looks to get a shot in at the italian goal.	rooney is picked in this team in a central role while sturridge gets the nod ahead of young pretenders such as harry kane.
kittens for sale to handymen for hire, the majority of ads posted in newsagents' windows are practical ones.	but for one lonely heart, it proved the perfect alternative to internet dating after a man, known only as john, used it to advertise for someone special.	in the post, the man sets out his requirements and offers' a way of life with quality'.
henrik larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man in goal.	the emergency stopper kept a clean sheet as helsinborg drew 0-0.	helsinborg manager henrik larsson said:' it was a scenario that i never could have prepared myself for.
rugby star mils muliaina has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault.	the former all black mils muliaina was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the european challenge cup.	he had come off injured during connacht's defeat at gloucester last night.	he was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours.
pope francis' good friday commemorates the crucifixion and death of jesus christ.	the way of the cross is made up of fourteen stations that are related to the hours of jesus christ's life leading up to and after his crucifixion.	firefighter john bartlett holds the cross as the procession reaches lower manhattan on good friday in new york.
crystal palace host manchester city in the premier league on monday.	alan pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of his side's clash against manchester city.	jordon mutch has a thigh complaint.	yaya toure missed the victory over west brom a fortnight ago.
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou diaby a new contract but has hinted that the injury-prone midfielder could have a future at arsenal beyond this summer.	diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on wednesday but has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the emirates stadium with extended spells on the sidelines.	wenger said he has made it clear how he envisages the future for diaby at the north london club.
luis suarez and daniel sturridge scored sixth goal of the season.	raheem sterling, jordan henderson and steven gerrard have scored six goals.	raheem sterling and gabriel agbonlahor have also only managed six each.	diego costa is the joint top scorer in the premier league.
alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a'f***ing old c**t' during premier league encounter with manuel pellegrini.	pardew was warned about his behaviour by the fa and wrote to pellegrini to apologise for the offensive name he called him.	on monday at selhurst park, pardew, now manager of crystal palace, meets pellegrini and manchester city again.
joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the premier league title.	manchester city won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late dramatic runs.	chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city.
police in rhein erft received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted' happily' hopping through a field.	they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call.	it was n't until the caller was questioned in detail and provided' very believable' answers.
hugh g. rection made a generous donation of $32.38, which earned his name some valuable screen time.	twitter users were quick to identify the blunder during the broadcasting of the royal children’s hospital’s good friday appeal.
qpr had lost 13 of 14 league games before saturday's 4-1 win against west brom.	qpr want to build on that success in tuesday's game at villa park.	chris ramsey urges his players to calm down during the 4-1 win.
tim sherwood is definitely without a trio of key players for their key game with qpr.	alan hutton limped off in saturday's 3-1 defeat at old trafford.	libor kozak is sidelined as he continues to recover from a broken leg.
kim sei-young will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the ana inspiration after carding a three-under-par 69 in california on saturday.	the south korean led by two shots at the halfway stage at mission hills country club, birdied the first hole before a bogey at the par-three fifth halted her progress.	kim sei-young has established a three-shot lead ahead of the final round of the ana inspiration.
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 on saturday in the ana inspiration, her second straight over-par round after tying the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29.	the 17-year-old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.	ko lines up a putt for par on the par 5, 18th hole during the second round of the ana inspiration o.
tiger woods confirmed his return to golf for the first time since early february.	woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.	woods has won the masters on four separate occasions with his last win.
record numbers have descended on the small suburb of humble for the shell houston open.	it’s 18 months now since spieth attracted criticism for giving up on university and joining the pga tour.	spieth, only 21, has since risen to number four in the world.
south korea's kim sei-young spectacularly eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ana inspiration on friday as lydia ko's record-equalling run came to an end.	the 22-year-old kim, who won her maiden lpga tour title at the pure silk-bahamas lpga classic in february, struck a superb second shot to six feet on her final hole and knocked in the putt to card a seven-under-par 65 at mission hills country club.	long-hitting american brittany lincicome fired a 68 to finish at four under, level with korean jenny shin and scotland's catriona matthew (69).
serena williams strikes a pose next to her cake after recording her 700th career victory.	the day following andy murray’s 500th win another huge cake was wheeled out to mark williams reaching the semi-final with a 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 progression over germany’s sabine lisicki.	williams’s hopes of another meeting with sister venus were dashed by her elder sibling’s defeat to carla suarez navarro.
andy murray has a fairly simple message for any of his fellow players who might be agitated about the imminent arrival of aljaz bedene into the home ranks.	instead the british no 1 believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world no 83, originally from slovenia, as motivation to better themselves.
andy murray defeated dominic thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in an hour and three quarters.	murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between tomas berdych and argentina's juan monaco.	prior to this tournament thiem lost in the second round of a challenger event to soon-to-be new brit aljaz bedene.
carla suarez navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat three-times miami open champion venus williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at key biscayne on tuesday and set up a semi-final clash with germany's ninth seed andrea petkovic.	petkovic booked her place in the last four after a 6-4, 6-2 win over 14th seeded czech karolina pliskova.	williams utterly dominated the first set, crushing the spaniard 6-0 in less than half an hour but her opponent was able to regroup and battle back in impressive style.
reigning champion novak djokovic dug deep to avoid a shock exit at the hands of alexandr dolgopolov before powering into the quarter-finals of the miami open.	the unseeded dolgopolov ranked 65th in the world, 64 places behind djokovic - surprised the serbian by winning a first-set tie-break and building a quick 4-2 lead in the second set.	also through to the quarters are british number one andy murray and fourth seed kei nishikori.
nick scholfield is lined up to ride spring heeled in the crabbie’s grand national at aintree on saturday week.	scholfield had been expected to partner paul nicholls-trained sam winner, who was pulled up in the cheltenham gold cup, in the £1million race.	scholfield, who has ridden in six nationals and finished third in 2013 on teaforthree, will travel to ireland to sit on spring heeled at culloty’s county cork stable on friday.
newport gwent dragons reached the european challenge cup semi-finals.	dragons replacement nic cudd, tom prydie and dorian jones and two prydie conversions brought the dragons back from a big deficit to victory.	scrum-half lloyd williams, fly-half gareth anscombe and fly-half nic cudd powers over for try against cardiff at rodney parade.
bath centre joseph has a point to prove after england’s six nations defeat in dublin on saturday.	george ford, dave attwood, jonathan joseph and anthony watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by ireland which halted another grand slam crusade, and their club’s head coach feels that setback could prove beneficial in their champions cup quarter-final.
somerset's new limited-overs captain alfonso thomas has agreed to coach delhi daredevils in the indian premier league this month.	veteran seamer thomas, still recovering from a broken ankle, is not yet fit for selection for somerset's lv= county championship fixture at home to durham.	veteran somerset seamer has agreed a deal to become delhi daredevils coach in the indian premier league.
moeen ali is planning to join england for the latter stages of their test tour of the west indies, as his side injury continues to improve.	the off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during england's failed world cup campaign.	moeen enjoyed a successful introduction to test cricket last summer.
sim bhullar and the sacramento kings are about to make nba history.	the kings are signing bhullar to a 10-day contract that will make him the league's first player of indian descent with the sacramento kings.
arsene wenger is convinced something is finally happening at arsenal again.	the gunners romped to a 4-1 win over liverpool at the emirates stadium.	manchester city could reclaim second by beating crystal palace on monday.
mauricio pochettino is in no doubt goalkeeper michel vorm has the strength of character to put his capital one cup final disappointment behind him and again prove an able deputy for hugo lloris at burnley on sunday.	the 31-year-old, signed from swansea in the summer, had to watch on from the bench at wembley against chelsea in last month's league cup final defeat, despite having featured in the earlier rounds.	mauricio pochettino has praised vorm's attitude despite being behind lloris in the pecking order.
celtic's leigh griffiths invoked the power of the tunnock's tea cake in his warm-up routine for good friday night's game with st mirren.	the controversial striker warily looked round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat within the first 10 minutes of the vital spl encounter.	griffiths was caught in the act on the substitutes bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match.
stuart mccall has been reassured that the decision to remove the club off the london stock will not affect his squad's promotion push.	the ibrox faithful were rocked by thursday's news that the club had been de-listed from the aim after chairman-in-waiting dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor.	interim chairman paul murray put the blame for aim's decision at the door of the club's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the isdx market.
john carver issues instructions to his players during training on friday ahead of sunday's derby.	both sets of supporters will have the chance to suspend the depressing reality of their current plight.	over the course of their last six matches, the pair have amassed a not-so-mighty six points.
danilo will join real madrid in a deal worth £23million.	danilo's summer switch to real madrid, porto have now received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years.	porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer.
lionel messi wants to play at the weekend and as' front page reads:' next is gaya'.	lionel messi wants to play as his side look to close in on the la liga title.	messi's fitness make the front cover of spanish paper sport.
radamel falcao has been in good goalscoring form for manchester united.	the 29-year-old has struggled in a season-long loan at manchester united.	the frontman has been scoring just four premier league goals.
stephen curry scored 27 points and klay thompson had 25 points.	the clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken.	paul's layup drew the clippers to 106-104 with 12 seconds left.	he was courtside at the staples center to watch the la clippers' home match.
brendan rodgers has revealed how rejection as a young player has inspired him to give the likes of raheem sterling and jordon ibe their break in the first team.	the reds manager believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot despite being promised one has helped him to handle liverpool's young players.	rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england.
brendan rodgers has insisted raheem sterling will be going nowhere this summer.	the 20-year-old admits sterling was still young and' sometimes makes mistakes'.	he added that liverpool were a' superpower' in world football and did n't have to sell their star assets before saying that sterling just has' concentrate on his football'.
jamie carragher posted a picture on his instagram account of the opening ceremony.	carragher spoke to a local tv starton during his time in girona.	carragher posted a picture on his son play in the famous youth tournament.
salford half-back chase faces the threat of a four to eight-match ban.	he was charged with making a grade e dangerous throw on good friday.	the rugby football league's match-review panel viewed chase's tackle on brett ferres in the 15th minute of the match at the john smith's stadium as dangerous and he has been asked to appear before 11am.
thiago admits coming on against borussia dortmund to make his first appearance in a year was an emotional moment and has thanked the german club.	the midfielder had n't played for the bayern since march in 2014, when he suffered a serious knee injury against hoffenheim.	spain international thiago said that after seeing the reaction of the fans it has reminded him of the joy in the sport and admitted:' football is my life'.
james rodriguez is set to return to first team action against granada.	madrid manager carlo ancelotti has said rodriguez' has shown in training that he is fine and he will start'.	rodriguez has scored 12 goals in 33 games in all competitions.
st etienne want to sign kevin theophile-catherine on a permanent deal.	the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for £2.1million.	the 25-year-old has been on loan with st etienne this season.
reigning man of steel clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club.	england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season.	he has kept a close eye on events at his old club.
josh griffin and ben jones-bishop scored tries in the first half.	jack hughes gave the giants hope.	carl forster's try and griffin's penalty made the game safe.	kevin locke for salford and huddersfield's brett ferres were carried off.
wigan warriors climbed up to third place in the first utility super league.	the warriors came out on top 12-4 in a brutal, no-holds-barred contest in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd at the dw stadium.	defences reigned supreme and both sets of players were out on their feet long before the end of an absorbing good friday duel as the ferocious exchanges, on a glue-pot pitch, began to takes its toll.
warrington crashed to a third straight super league defeat.	the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans but widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners.	warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009 and their misery was compounded by the loss of winger matty russell with a leg injury.
england have finally arrived home from turin after their delayed flight landed at manchester airport following tuesday night's 1-1 draw with italy.	the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for roy hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay.	jordan henderson makes his way down the steps from england's delayed flight home from turin.
andros townsend unleashes an unstoppable right-footed strike from 20 yards to score england's equaliser.	the 23-year-old destroyed montenegro and poland at wembley to book england's place at the world cup.	he has scored as many goals for england as he has done in the premier league.
graziano pelle claims italy coach antonio conte's faith by scoring against england.	southampton striker glanced girogio chiellini's cross into st mary's, netting nine goals in his first 12 matches.	pelle has struggled in front of goal in recent months.
england ace joe hart labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a' legend of the game' after seeing the italian veteran claim his 147th cap.	hart said after the 1-1 draw with italy that buffon was an inspiration.	hart has labelled buffon, who won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night, a' legend of the game'.
italian newspaper la gazzetta dello sport have criticised theo walcott's display against italy by highlighting how impact he had against their national team.	the milan-based publication have scored england's players out of 10, with walcott receiving the worst rating with five.	england captain wayne rooney, goalscorer andros townsend and substitute ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances at the juventus stadium.
five staff members left the royal easter show with serious injuries after taking a joy ride down' the super slide' at the sydney royal easter show on saturday night.	it is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery.	it is reported the group were travelling at such great speeds that they were unable to stop and broke through the barricade at the bottom of the ride.
pupils could face disruption to classes as teachers prepare to vote on a national walkout over pay and conditions.	the ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, like the strike here in 2013.
zara tindall has turned her hand to barrel-pulling - and laughingly pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband mike along while striking a pose for the cameras.	moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer rob edmond's marathon barrel-roll from perthshire to wiltshire.	the bell's barrel of laughs trek also saw edmond joined by comedians including fred macaulay, mark dolan and rufus hound.
aroused reptile is seen beginning its painstakingly slow ascent on to the back of a female's shell.	but instead of getting lucky, the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance, sending it toppling over onto its back.	shell we just leave it then? the amusing moment was caught on camera, by ukranian photographer vadym shevchenko, at kiev zoo.
england were smashed into submission at stade marcel michelin.	the saints had the temerity to work up a head of steam and go through the phases.	brock james kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking.
borussia dortmund's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a' great bid'.	the turkey international did n't go because his family wanted to stay in germany.	arsenal wanted to sign me with a great bid.
antonio nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in san antonio, texas, on monday.	it escalated, and at 4.15am nuñez allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork.	nuñez will be charged with aggravated assault, the houston chronicle reported.
residents of beckley club estates in dallas, texas, say they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual.	footage from the home of lisa solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black suv around 7pm.	solis's neighbor tisha crear said she heard peahens screaming before the incident when the bird, the largest and oldest male peacock of those that live in the subdivision, was stolen.
tony smith admits he was shocked by kevin sinfield's decision to switch codes but, on reflection, believes it could be an inspired decision.	sinfield, 34, the greatest captain in leeds' history, stunned the world of rugby league with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season.	sinfield, who is closing in on third place in rugby league's history, told a news conference at headingley he did not want to play against rhinos and that the opportunity to spearhead carnegie's bid for a premiership return was too good to resist.
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has admitted his club will have to buy young talent because the academy's youngsters are not ready for first-team action.	liverpool star has already had his name linked with the defending premier league champions.
farmer groomed a lamb's woollen coat in a' heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'.	the lamb named winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck.	lamb keeps its head lowered as the pecking appears to become slightly more erratic.
tyler macniven, who won the ninth season of the amazing race, filmed a save the date for his upcoming wedding.	the video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving' the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
police are hunting for three suspects who brazenly stole an atm from a california gas station last friday morning.	cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop along ygnacio valley road in walnut creek.
peter alliss has said legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership.	some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
property, in the leafy south east london suburb of chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials as the cold war intensified in 1951.	site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls.	the property, known as the glass house, has now been transformed and is up for sale for £3.5million.
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night.	manuel pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in may.	jose mourinho felt belittled by having players signed on abramovich's say-so.
carlisle united manager keith curle has launched a scathing attack on his side following their limp 3-1 defeat at accrington stanley.	the cumbrians are without a win in five games in league two and are just two places and three points in the table above the relegation zone.	the 51-year-old also revealed he was considering staging an open forum for the club's supporters.
mailonline ran a story on april fools' day stating that prior to arsenal's clash with liverpool at the emirates, both pre-match teamtalks by captains per mertesacker and jordan henderson would be streamed live to the world.	the story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for wenger and the assembled press at thursday's media gathering.	wenger is informed that the story was an april fools' joke and no basis of truth to it.
chelsea forward has a capital one cup medal to his name this season.	the 23-year-old also scored in brazil's recent 3-1 win against france.	oscar messes around on his instagram account ahead of saturday.
everton stars leighton baines and luke garbutt paid a visit to alder hey children’s hospital on wednesday.	the toffees duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital following their training session on wednesday.	baines said:' us visiting with chocolate eggs can feel pretty insignificant in comparison to what the kids are going through'.
charlie sumner staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading's madejski stadium during the team's fa cup quarter final replay with bradford city last month.	the reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, before being tackled by stewards.	charlie sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading's madejski stadium during their quarter final replay with bradford city last month.
mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog on wednesday after arriving back in london.	the german star was in fine form as germany beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday.	ozil gave an insight into what he does in his downtime.
yaya toure accused by jamie carragher of ducking out of jason puncheon's free-kick which killed off manchester city's hopes of salvaging something from selhurst park.	toure, who is paid £200,000-a-week, was part of a five-man wall when puncheon stepped up to double crystal palace's lead, but sportsmail columnist feels the city midfielder did not do enough to prevent the winner.	carragher said on sky sports' monday night football.
lionel messi should be fit to play in barcelona's la liga game at celta vigo.	lionel messi, the top scorer in la liga, did not feature in either of argentina's friendlies.	barca's 2-1 win at home to real stretched their lead over their arch rivals at the top of la liga.
football association chairman greg dyke has returned a £16,000 watch.	dyke was given one of a limited edition of parmigiani watches by the brazilian fa during a fifa congress meeting in sao paulo during the world cup.	dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the fa's official charity partner, breast cancer care, so that it could be auctioned.
tyler walker is a player who could form nottingham forest’s attack.	the 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at brentford on east monday.	it was curiously similar to his old man’s only goal, coming on new year’s day 1992 against luton.
bbc commentator peter alliss has said that the corporation should have tried harder to win the rights to the open championship and that attempts to give women equal rights in golf have' caused mayhem'.	but alliss told the radio times magazine that equality for women had'b******* up the game for a lot of people'.
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay, south of perth, over the weekend in place of their father who passed away.	mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
john daniel tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005.	but his brother tobias received a call from his brother who had been missing for 10 years.	the family learned that john had never left the country, had no savings and did not possess a driver's licence.
youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air.	the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.	bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the tot in action.
lucy garrod, 27, developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion, caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens.	miss garrod had been wearing contact lenses since she was 15 with no problems, but woke up one day with an itchy and irritable right eye.	miss garrod feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree due to going partially blind in one eye.
david luiz could be a doubt for paris saint-germain's champions league clash.	brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes of psg's 3-2 win over marseille.	brazilian defender immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced.
critters were filmed at indiana's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen.	footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.	however, instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
fritz the golden retriever from california appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills.	slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat.	however, despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw.
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen.	when the first egg emerges she cries for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around.
incredible weather event took place in siberia’s third largest city, krasnoyarsk, and shows the moment snow and sleet plunge the yenisei river into darkness.	the snowstorm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the��kommunalnyi bridge in a matter of seconds.	suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the kommunalnyi bridge.
three people are fortunate to be alive after a hot air collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground during a training session in russia.	the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all reported to be in a stable condition.
the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its ill-fated prey.	the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute.
christopher and fay purdham grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers.	the pair, who now live in south bank, middlesbrough, grew up together as children.	soon after they parted ways fay, who was born kevin, started her transition to becoming a woman.
loushanna and shawn craig from erdington, birmingham, had gone to tenerife with her husband for three-day holiday but was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant.	but she only arrived back on the island for up to two weeks after her biometric id card was stolen.	mother-of-four, who has a jamaican passport, has now placed the blame on the shoulders of ryanair.	she claims that she has the right documentation to prove she was allowed to return to the uk.
rory mcilroy's shoulder during monday's practice round ahead of the masters.	sir nick faldo puts a hand on rory mcilroy's shoulder during monday's practice round ahead of the masters.	sir nick faldo told the daily telegraph:' throwing 200lb and 300lb weights around is not going to be good for your golf swing.
a mysterious easter bunny has delivered chocolate eggs to every house in a village of 3,000 people.	residents from alderholt, dorset, woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps.	every house in the village got one as far as we are aware.
notts county has appointed ricardo moniz as their new manager.	ricardo moniz has six games to save his new side from relegation.	the former tottenham and hamburg coach will be moniz's assistant at meadow lane.
dundee manager paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee united's recent slide ahead of wednesday night's scottish premiership derby.	united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions.	dundee are without a win in three matches themselves.	dundee utd's john souttar battles for the ball with liam boyce.
tim sherwood has vowed to give pal chris ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries calling him ahead of tuesday's crunch six-pointer.	rangers will leapfrog sherwood's side and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win at villa park in what represents a pivotal game for both sides.	ramsey was sherwood's closest lieutenant at tottenham last season.
graeme mcdowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by augusta.	but the former us open champion is optimistic he can improve on his masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury.	mcdowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters.
tiger woods declared himself ready to compete for a fifth masters title.	woods has started just two events in 2015, shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after just 11 holes of the second on february 5.	woods was given a warm welcome by the crowd and stopped to sign several autographs at augusta.
ben crenshaw will join jack nicklaus and gary player for this year.	palmer is unable to play alongside gary player and jack nicklaus.	arnold palmer is unable to play because of a shoulder problem but will be an honorary starter.
tomas berdych set up a hotly-anticipated rematch with andy murray with a straight-sets win against juan monaco in the miami open quarter-finals.	eighth seed berdych defeated argentine monaco 6-3, 6-4 to ensure a first meeting with muray since their tense and at times acrimonious australian open semi-final which murray won in four sets.	monaco, backed by a large argentine support, put up a strong fight in the second set until berdych broke for a 5-4 lead.
world no 2 roger federer has been enjoying some downtime in the snow.	the 33-year-old provided the snap with a witty caption -' tennice' - and was wearing the scarf of fc basel, the football team he supports.	federer won the key biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.
lewis ferguson, 18, survived a spectacular fall from merrion square shows off the cut on his nose.	the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual at paul nicholls’ yard on thursday morning.	ferguson, whose double somersault horror fall has been watched by hundreds of thousands online.
newcastle falcons' dom barrow swept aside newcastle 48-13 to set up a semi-final showdown with gloucester in the inaugural european challenge cup.	the chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at sandy park, with a david ewers score and a penalty try helping the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead.	exeter then added further tries through thomas waldrom, byron mcguigan, sam hill and dean mumm after the break.
nigel wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘ a farce’ in financial documents seen by the mail on sunday.	the north london club are being investigated by premier rugby for alleged salary cap breaches, the mail on sunday can reveal saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history.	saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘ a farce’.
liam plunkett wants to use his pace to lead england to victory in the test series against west indies.	the 29-year-old england seamer is back in test contention in the caribbean.	plunkett returned to the england fold last summer in test series against sri lanka and india.	plunkett has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in yorkshire's pre-season trip to abu dhabi.
jonathan trott returned to the international scene after fighting his way back into contention.	the 33-year-old has been impressive in not only addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from brisbane but also scoring the weight of runs needed to demand a recall.	cook admits england will not be totally sure if trott can handle the mental demands of international cricket.
england test captain alastair cook feared jonathan trott's international career was over 18 months ago.	the pair are now heavy favourites to open the batting together in west indies this month.	cook was concerned that would be the end of his three lions days.
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad for their upcoming two-match series against england next month.	guptill smashed 237 against the west indies in the recent world cup has not represented the black caps at test level since the 2013 tour of england.
yorkshire's barney gibson has retired from the sport.	the 19-year-old said it was a' difficult decision' to retire from cricket at such a young age.	ben gibson, pictured at the age of 15, has decided to retire from cricket.
dr steve peters claims he did little more than give jonathan trott the tools to rebuild his england career.	jonathan trott returns to the england set-up for the first time since leaving last winter's ashes tour with a stress-related illness.	trott has spoken openly of his struggles since, but has slowly rehabilitated his career with both warwickshire and the england lions.
kevin pietersen has announced plans to begin his season with surrey against oxford mccu in the parks.	the 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to test cricket, after his sacking last year, when incoming england and wales cricket board chairman colin graves hinted in a broadcast interview that it was a possibility.
surrey have signed australia all-rounder moises henriques for this summer's natwest t20 blast.	henriques will join surrey immediately after the indian premier league season concludes at the end of next month.	australian all-rounder moises has signed a deal to play in the t20 blast.
louis smith will represent great britain for the first time since his double olympic performance at london 2012.	smith, who won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the london games before pursuing a media career, competed for england at last year's commonwealth games.	louis smith will represent great britain for first time since winning two medals at london 2012.
the world endurance championship has announced that there will be no grid girls' before races.	the decision by the fia is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.	it has also been a bone of contention for those seeking more equality and less sexism in a male-dominated sport.
john higgins narrowly defeated judd trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the china open.	the veteran scot recovered from losing the opening frame to move 4-2 ahead.	but both players were struggling for rhythm in beijing.	trump had a 59 point lead in the deciding frame before being dumped out.
leicester city host west ham united at king power stadium.	matt upson is out of leicester's clash with west ham.	liam moore has returned from a loan at brentford.	dean hammond (right) trains with wes morgan on thursday.
jonas gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the newcastle side.	the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month.	but one that ended in fairness to the 31-year-old, he was newcastle’s best player - not that he had much competition.
west brom's craig dawson suspended for the visit of qpr.	ben foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged crucial knee ligaments.	richard dunne and leroy fer are both out with a calf injury.
west ham manager sam allardyce wants the club to qualify for europe next season through fair play.	the top three nations in uefa's rankings qualify for the europa league.	but the west ham manager insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline.
stuart mccall revealed captain lee mcculloch apologised to him and the rangers players after being sent off in the 2-1 win over runaway scottish championship winners hearts at ibrox.	goals from striker kenny miller and the returning midfielder haris vuckic had the home side two ahead of hibernian with a game in hand over the leith club.	jambos striker genero zeefuik reduced the deficit in the 83rd minute, rangers held on to move into second place in the league.
david templeton will form part of a rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding championship success of his former club.	templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as stuart mccall's recorded a 4-1 victory over cowdenbeath.	templeton, though, insists he has had no regretful thoughts of what it would be like to somehow still be a hearts player.
real madrid's attacking prowess is n't misfiring at present.	real boss carlo ancelotti now faces the enviable dilemma of trying to fit in his starting line-up.	however, the 23-year-old has scored 12 goals and provided 11 assists in comparison.
real madrid have managed half the amount of goals granada have scored in total all season, before today, in just this game! 88 mins: hernandez is brought down for a foul and ronaldo and bale shape up to take the subsequent free-kick from 25 yards.	the portuguese forward takes it and hits it through the wall but well wide.
lyon moved back to the top of ligue 1 for 24 hours at least after claiming a comfortable 3-1 victory at guingamp.	nabil fekir's goal and alexandre lacazette's penalty in the first half put les gones in control and guingamp's hopes of a comeback took a blow when christophe kerbrat was given his marching orders before half-time.	it was lyon's first win in three and moved them back above paris st germain, who play third-placed marseille in a much-anticipated encounter on sunday.	it was lyon's first win in three and moved them back above paris st germain who play on sunday.
roma beat napoli 4-2 on saturday in a key match for champions league places.	miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute.	miralem pjanic slots home to put roma ahead in the 25th minute.
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2-1 in the champions league final.	pierre-emerick aubameyang scored an equaliser during der klassiker.	arjen robben eventually grabbed the winner five minutes from time as bayern beat dortmund 2-1.
arsenal's official site read:' in the 31st minute, fans began breaking seats'.	torpedo moscow fans broke down barriers and threw chairs.	referee alexander yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms.	torpedo's fans have caused trouble on a number of occasions.
robin van persie is out of manchester united's home clash with aston villa.	robin van persie is a big doubt due to illness, but centre-back chris smalling is a big doubt.	sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture.
david meyler says he is totally convinced the tigers will hang on to their premier league status.	david meyler is confident his side will remain in the top flight despite their recent poor form.	hull are currently just three points above burnley.
sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every flight fixture as it breaks.	keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend.
premier league sides have already had to resume their season after the international break.	sportsmail examines this through a modified premier league table that takes in only results immediately after international resumptions.	our alternative table makes nice reading for toffees fans, with their side winning all three matches following the international break.
kolo toure has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club, similar to the way that jack rodwell and scott sinclair did at manchester city.	but toure compared sterling's situation with that of jack rodwell and scott sinclair joining manchester city.	sterling has been warned about the dangers of leaving liverpool by his team-mate kolo toure.
wasps claimed the heineken cup in 2007 with victory over leicester.	it seemed unthinkable that the premiership would not produce another continental champion for so long.	yet since then irish teams have seized four titles — leinster claiming a hat-trick — and french teams three, accurately reflecting the balance of power in the european game.
raheem sterling played for england in the 4-0 euro 2016 qualifier.	liverpool fans have a popular mantra: no player is bigger than the club.	sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal.
wales' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium declared a 33,000 sell-out.	the top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden.	belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots' side - ranked fourth in the world.
mark hughes has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in may 2013 but said he would splash out when the right player became available.	signing begovic to a new contract is a priority given the bosnia goalkeeper will be entering the final year of his current deal.	hughes said:' we have n't spent a great deal since i've been here'.
raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his liverpool talks with bbc sport.	the england winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers.	sportsmail's riath al-samarrai tries his hand at interpreting.
raheem sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay on merseyside.	sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season.	sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid, manchester city and arsenal.
arsene wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match - and agonises over the selection all week.	arsene wenger said:' i always have eight or nine players of my team in my head the day before the game, but there's always a doubt on one or two.	' when two players are together in your mind, competing for one position, every single detail can go for one of them - experience, confidence under pressure - everything can make a difference.
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer.	the 20-year-old scored for england in their 4-0 win over lithuania at wembley last friday night.	sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week from liverpool.
brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon.	brendan rodgers has brought to a close the broadcast section of his press conference.	sterling, 20, has been offered a new contract to stay at the club but admitted he is' flattered' by interest from arsenal.
argentina beat ecuador 2-1 to notch a second straight copa america warm-up victory without lionel messi at a freezing metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday.	gerardo martino's argentina, with captain messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury, had beaten el salvador 2-0 in washington on saturday.	they went in front after eight minutes on tuesday when midfielder javier pastore glanced an angel di maria corner towards the far post where striker sergio aguero headed his 22nd international goal and first since argentina beat germany 4-2.
bojan krkic has picked his premier league team of the season.	the former ac milan and roma forward has been keeping a close eye on england's top-flight as he recovers in barcelona.	bojan shows off the memorabilia he has collected during his career.
ben hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for stoke gifford united.	his team-mates had gone to secure a 4-1 victory against mangotsfields sports.	but three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
richard henyekane was on loan at free state stars from pretoria-based sundowns.	he was on as a substitute in stars' 1-0 loss to amazulu in the psl.	henyekane's younger brother joseph, who was also a footballer, died in december.
danny lennon's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach.	the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the scottish championship side until the summer of 2016.	paddy connolly has been in temporary charge since barry smith resigned on march 7.
ludogorets player cosmin moti is guilty of producing one of the worst tackles you're likely to see this season after his kung-fu style tackle on a cska sofia player - but unbelievably the referee waved play on.	it was a kick eric cantona would have been proud of, as he connected cleanly with stefan nikolic's rib-cage and sending his opponent crashing to the floor.	moti's heroics sent the bulgarian side through to the champions league group stages.
raheem sterling will still be a liverpool player next season.	brendan rodgers accepts champions league football is unlikely to return to anfield next season.	sterling told the bbc that he turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal but insisted he was not a'money-grabbing', while also admitting that links to saturday's opponents arsenal were' quite flattering'.
brian o'driscoll has been in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc ahead of the hong kong sevens.	the couple are pictured attending a party in hong kong any time soon after the picture went viral.	amy huberman shares a joke with her husband in the royal box at wimbledon last summer.
darren bent has revealed an aston villa return this summer could be on the cards and discussions have taken place.	the former england striker, on loan at derby county, also said villa were ‘100 per cent’ correct to sack paul lambert.	bent, 31, praised tim sherwood, who he knows from tottenham hotspur.
football association chairman greg dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players at top flight clubs.	dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12.	the proposals also include changing the rules so that'home-grown' means having trained in england for three years.
rory mcilroy believes jeff knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen.	knox played with mcilroy when the northern irishman was first man out in the third round last year.	knox played as a non-competing marker with mcilroy when the northern irishman was first man out in the third round last year.
johnson wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out.	holmes started the day six shots off the lead but ripped through the first half of the course to make it a three-way play-off.	overnight leader jordan spieth hit a fine putt to par the 18th and make it a three-way play-off.
unknown englishman playing in his first pga tour event will have the chance to complete an unbelievable fairytale at the shell houston open on sunday and earn the most unlikely invitation to the masters.	this is a real 36 hole lottery where 131 players were fighting for the final four spots.	with two excellent rounds of 64, the 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place.
phil mickelson capped his resurgence in form at the houston open with rounds of 66 or 67.	the gifted leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader andrew putnam going into the third round.	woods fuelled speculation he would return when he flew by private jet from florida to play a practice round last tuesday.
danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters.	he also gained his first experience of doral before last month's wgc-cadillac championship.	willett insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first major of 2015.
super league title sponsors first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players.	one player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade via a new online process.	leeds rhinos' paul aiton has been nominated for the super league player of the month award for march.
carrick made his england debut against mexico in may 2001 as a teenager with west ham united.	he won his 54 england caps over a 23-year period between 1934 and 1957, interrupted of course by the second world war.	carrick has played for england for 13 years, 310 days.
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet.	the hull manager says he was' disappointed' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested.	bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in pictures of a 55-year-old on a beach.
teofil brank, better known by his stage name jarec wentworth, was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles.	investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim.	brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone's reputation.	he faces up to two years in prison.
mauricio pochettino wants talks with the fa before approving harry kane’s involvement in the forthcoming european under 21 championship.	sportsmail understands tottenham have major concerns about the striker playing in the summer.	england manager roy hodgson confirmed this week kane will be available for the competition in the czech republic.
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes.	when play begins on thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.	a masters patron uses her camera to take photos of the action during the player practice rounds ahead of the 2015 masters at augusta, georgia.
the sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county, north dakota.	the animal, who has been named wilford by his rescuers, needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.	wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws.
arsene wenger admits he is concerned by the winger's confidence.	arsene wenger admits he is concerned about the damage that game can have on his mind.	walcott was replaced by ross barkley after just 55 minutes of england's 1-1 draw against italy.
sir alex ferguson has admitted he had to change his everyday habits.	the scot was appointed as the red devils manager in 1986 at the age of 45.	he enjoyed a trophy-laden years in the old trafford hotseat where he won 38 trophies.
chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for english football’s hottest property raheem sterling.	liverpool manager brendan rodgers insists the 20-year-old star is' going nowhere' this summer.	sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
michael owen has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week.	he had been named pfa young player of the year (1998).	brendan rodgers insists that sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window.
adam mcburney, who has been capped for the ireland under-20s and recently played in their six nations campaign, was not at home when a gunman fired multiple bullets through his windows.	shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property, after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls.	detectives are now appealing for witnesses and said the incident had' criminal elements'.
the 450kg (990lb) beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade.	it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln, the people’s daily online reported.	the kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt.
sam tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors.	the 26-year-old full-back is interesting his former club, where his brother joel plays, and wigan have an option to bring him back to the dw stadium.	when announcing his departure barely 18 months ago, wigan announced they could re-sign tomkins on a' defined salary' on his return to super league.
david luiz will miss the champions league clash with barcelona.	the former chelsea man pulled up clutching his hamstring following a bursting run against andre-pier gignac in the first-half of sunday’s game against rivals marseille.
referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby.	english referee was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium's 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31.	clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal's side.
lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her.	the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons harry, 4, and bert, 2, saw her way.
neil phillips, the team doctor for england's victorious 1966 world cup campaign, has died at the age of 83.	manager sir alf ramsey promoted phillips from his role as under-23 team doctor just before the'66 world cup as seniors doctor alan bass had run out of holiday.	phillips, who was born in tredegar in south wales, was england's team doctor for the defence of the jules rimet trophy four years later in mexico and left the fa in 1974.
smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, with an average of 1.7 per household.	four in 10 households now own one tablet, one fifth have two, and 11 per cent own three or more.
francis bakvis discovered a dead scrub python, which contained the remains of his family cat tiger.	it was n't until bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth.	scrub pythons can grow to be up to eight metres long, and are known to eat mammals as large as kangaroos.
manchester united beat aston villa 2-1 in the champions league.	juan mata admitted his side still have work to do and must take every game as a' final.	the spaniard has been in fine form for louis van gaal's side.
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on thursday, police said.	the toddler, who later died at university medical hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway.
travis hatfield, 21, from gilbert, west virginia sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle, jamie joe cline, who has down syndrome.	the video of the two of them playing music together and singing has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.	travis and jamie team up to hit the high notes at least once a week during which time the duo can sing anything from george jones, to brantley gilbert.
dayna dobias, 19, from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy.	she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos.	her hope is that the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities.
manchester united face south american duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero in a promo video for sponsors puma.	south american duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero feature in promo video for sponsors puma.
lydia kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the mcdonald's in leesburg, florida, early monday.	police say the woman would n't pull up to the drive-through window at around 3.30am, the orlando sentinel reports.	police say that instead of purchasing food and driving away, the 23-year-old nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice.
dashcam footage shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking shows a giant st. bernard running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind.	it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
new york city police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in queens.	the man walks back to the car, briefly glances at the woman's body on the ground, then gets behind the wheel and drives off.	paramedics arrived on the scene 20 minutes later and transported the victim to a hospital in critical condition.
air passengers face up to three days of disruption, with british airways, easyjet, ryanair and flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights.	change, which takes effect from today, means every passenger in a car or coach will have their passport scanned.
colin graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ecb chairman.	the incoming ecb chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the england team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever.
greg gibbins, 28, went into cardiac arrest after he was stabbed in the chest.	police say they believe the attack on mr gibbins was' unprovoked'.	police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of the talented football player.
fifa presidential candidate luis figo disputed the confederation of african football's claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent sepp blatter in the presidential elections next month.	the former portugal international, in egypt at the caf congress to canvass for votes, told sportsmail he did not believe all africa was solidly behind blatter, who seeks re-election on may 29 against figo, prince ali bin al hussein of jordan.	luis figo does not believe that sepp blatter will receive all 54 votes from african nations.	prince ali bin al-hussein is the third challenger and the fifa vice-president was in attendance in zimbabwe.
real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday.	the 30-year-old hit five in real's thumping 9-1 win against granada.	ronaldo's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race.
christian benteke rescued aston villa from the drop zone with a brilliant late free-kick to seal his hat-trick and salvage a point against relegation rivals queens park rangers.	the point lifts qpr above burnley to 18th on goal difference, while villa move above hull to 16th.
phil jones hopes manchester united reproduce their recent level of performances ahead of sunday's derby against manchester city.	united host their' noisy neighbours' at old trafford sitting third in the table - one point and place above their bitter rivals with seven games remaining.	louis van gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins - which includes scalps over top four rivals tottenham and liverpool last month.
vincent kompany believes that if manchester city are able to pick up a valuable three points away to rivals manchester united.	the city captain admits that the derby game is crucial and believes being the underdogs suits his side.	manuel pellegrini's side were given a torrid time by crystal palace.
bradley neil has received the backing of world no 1 rory mcilroy as he ponders when to turn professional.	the 19-year-old scot admits he may turn professional before september's clash with the united states at royal lytham and impressed mcilroy during their practice round together at augusta on monday.	the scot pens his scorecard as mcilroy practices his putting ahead of his grand slam bid.
rory mcilroy admits thursday can not come soon enough as he bids to complete the career grand slam by winning the masters.	the hype surrounding mcilroy's attempt to join gene sarazen, ben hogan, gary player, jack nicklaus and tiger woods in winning all four major titles has been building since the night before his open victory at hoylake last july.
john isner reached the semifinals of the miami open after easily beating fourth-seeded kei nishikori of japan 6-4, 6-3 on thursday.	the 6-foot-10, hard-serving isner is the first american man to make the semifinals in miami since 2011.	he'll next meet either world no.	1 novak djokovic or david ferrer on friday night.
tomas berdych is his opponent in the semi-final of the miami open.	murray's fiance kim sears was caught shouting expletives towards berdych at the australian open.	murray and berdych meet at the net after the brit's semi-final victory in melbourne in january.
carla suarez navarro advanced to the final of the miami open after topping andrea petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in a semi-final on thursday.	the spaniard 12th-seed did n't face a single break point and will meet either top seed serena williams or serena williams in the final of the miami open.	it's the eighth time that suarez navarro has reached a wta final.	she's looking for her second title.
lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal.	the 18-year-old was mucking out as usual, just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation.
jonjo o'neill hosted a media stable visit on thursday at his jackdaws castle yard in gloucestershire.	he trains shutthefrontdoor for his principal patron j p mcmanus, who owns jackdaws castle and retains ap mccoy.	mccoy has not decided yet whether he is riding shutthefrontdoor in the £1million crabbie's grand national at aintree on april 11.
marcelo bosch basked in the gratitude of his team-mates after kicking saracens into the semi-finals of the champions cup.	bosch, striking the ball into a strong wind, landed a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the last eight showdown against racing metro to snatch a 12-11 victory at the stade yves-du-manoir.	bosch is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring the kick that won his team the game.	bosch also executed a try-saving tackle on racing wing juan imhoff when all his argentina team-mate had to do was fall over the line for a potentially decisive final-quarter try.
marcelo bosch kept the english flag flying in europe as the argentinian kicked saracens through to the champions cup semi-finals.	no chorus of boos or whistles would stop the sweet strike rising above the 1950s tower blocks in the colombes suburbs, with the ice cool 31-year-old mobbed by players and coaches as racing metro 92 were unceremoniously dumped out of the competition.	it was the south american’s finest moment since he arrived on continental shores.
sussex head coach mark robinson has warned that wicketkeeper matt prior remains' pretty much out indefinitely' as his recovery from an achilles injury continues.	prior, 33, was badly affected by the problem last summer, eventually losing his england place to jos buttler, and has not played since july.	matt prior has not played since july, when he lost his england place because of an achilles injury.
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start for the easter monday opening round of the mce british superbike championship.	the japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds ahead of james ellison.
world no 1 mark selby demolished gary wilson 10-2 in the final of the baic motor china open on sunday.	the leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and £85,000 in prize money.	selby, who won the german masters title in february, overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat wilson.
wisconsin will play duke, an 81-61 winner over michigan state in the earlier semi-final, beating the wildcats 71-64 behind 20 points and 11 rebounds from frank kaminsky.	wisconsin moved through to the final with a tense victory over kentucky in the semi-finals of the ncaa tournament.	wisconsin has a long ride home, finishing the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball.
tom daley hopes it's the dive that turns london bronze into rio gold.	the former world champion knows he needs to push the boundaries of his sport and spent most of last year battling to master his' demon' dive, a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he hoped would prove the difference.	however, along with new coach jane figueiredo he spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights.
memphis grizzlies moved into a tie for the second seed in the nba's southwest division with a 100-92 win over oklahoma city.	the grizzlies defence were key, shutting down oklahoma city thunder star russell westbrook.	san antonio's danny green scored 22 points and 17 rebounds.
harry kane still served a useful purpose for his manager on sunday.	he drew the attention away from the cold reality of a disappointing display.	tottenham striker kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years.
steve bruce has had better weeks than this one, which featured the publication of some poolside diving snaps and culminated in a defeat that suggests hull might yet bomb out of the premier league.	but not when their final seven games include fixtures against southampton, liverpool, arsenal, tottenham and manchester united.
esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career.	the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the premier league.	cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester city up will feel like winning a trophy.	cambiasso had an illustrious career at inter milan.
daryl janmaat has admitted newcastle got exactly what they deserved from their derby trip to sunderland.	the 25-year-old played the full 90 minutes of sunday's 1-0 premier league defeat at the stadium of light.	newcastle were simply not at the races as a sunderland side motivated by new head coach dick advocaat dominated from the off.
graziano pelle insists his confidence has n't been destroyed despite no scoring in the premier league since december 20.	the former feyenoord star has thanked saints fans for continuing to support him through his lean spell.	manager ronald koeman has backed pelle to go on a run during the final eight games of the campaign.
stuart mccall has revealed he was warned about taking over at ibrox by walter smith - but insists he has made the right decision.	the former light blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with sunday's 2-1 win over hearts.	it was a crucial triumph that moves gers back into second place in the scottish championship and looks to have restored vital momentum ahead of the end-of-season play-offs.	mccall, who still does not know if he will remain in charge beyond the summer, told talksport:' walter smith rung me up on the day i took the job'.
sportsmail have teamed up with gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of nike boots signed by the england and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart.	this is a unique opportunity to own memorabilia autographed by one of the best players in the world today.	since hart is a gillette ambassador, the prize winner will also receive a gillette fusion proglide shave gel worth £4.99.
danny higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season.	but instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them, the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk.	republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane looks frustrated during his country's draw with poland.
catalans head coach laurent frayssinous has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.	the france international, who scored three tries in the first six rounds of super league xx, suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons' 33-22 defeat at hull fc on march 20.	catalans dragons winger vincent duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
pep guardiola believes he has one of the world's best central defenders in jerome boateng as he faces up to an injury crisis ahead of wednesday's german cup quarter-final.	bayern munich take on bayer leverkusen in the last eight on wednesday and guardiola will be without arjen robben, franck ribery, david alaba, javi martinez and tom starke.	bastian schweinsteiger is one of a number of players ruled out of the bayarena clash.
manchester city have not won a premier league game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years.	the shocking stat is revealed as city's title hopes lay in tatters following monday night's 2-1 defeat at crystal palace which manuel pellegrini's side trailed at the interval.	the last time city managed to win having been in a losing position at half-time when they beat blackburn rovers 3-2 down at selhurst park.
tiger woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters 2015.	he was also joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend lindsey vonn.	the first practice session on monday had been woods' first public appearance for 60 days.
sportsmail's derek lawrenson will bring daily updates from behind the scenes at augusta.	world no 1 rory mcilroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at augusta.	englishman ian poulter was so excited to get started at augusta that he forgot his clubs.
tiger woods returns to action when the year's first major gets under way at augusta national.	bubba watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes young american stars jordan spieth and rickie fowler, plus a host of former champions.
arsene wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and liverpool last season.	defender admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations.	per mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the' arguing culture' after some heavy defeats last season.
amir khan has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri on may 30.	the bolton fighter had earlier this week come under increasing pressure.	algieri's only defeat in his 21-fight professional career came in his last bout.	algieri was knocked down six times en route to a heavily lopsided points loss.
amir khan has gone face to face with adrien broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion.	adrien broner urges him to make their fight happen on facetime.	khan has n't fought since his win over devon alexander in december.
floyd mayweather snr gave fans an inside look of his private jet via his shots account on wednesday.	roach has blasted mayweather snr calling him a' terrible cornerman' ahead of the may showdown with his uncle roger.	roach has refused to respond to criticism from manny pacquiao's trainer freddie roach.
justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.	the 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground.	rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.
lydia ko tied annika sorenstam's lpga tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par, shooting a 1-under 71 on thursday at the ana inspiration.	the 17-year-old ko saved par on the par-4 seventh - her 16th hole - after hitting an approach shot through a gap in the trees.	she hit a 6-iron to 18 inches to set up a birdie on the 158-yard, par-3 eighth and closed with a par on the par-5 ninth.
rory mcilroy believes it is' unthinkable' that he will not win the masters at some point to complete the career grand slam.	mcilroy is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after gene sarazen, ben hogan, gary player, jack nicklaus and tiger woods.	mcilroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six masters appearances.
dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf.	the pair separated in february and the divorce was finalised on march 31.	dufner has struggled this season as he recovers from a neck injury which he picked up at the end of last year.
lionel messi has recovered from his injured foot and should be fit to start sunday's la liga match with celta vigo.	the argentina forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against el salvador and ecuador over the international break but was able to do some light running and stretching in training.	messi is ahead of schedule in his recovery and a statement on the club's website read:' the inflammation of messi's foot has improved and the player will attempt to join the rest of the internationals tomorrow'.
crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha’s mistakes and not jump into a dream move too soon.	the electrifying winger has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over in january.	bolasie has the opportunity to shine against manchester city on monday night.
afobe is the second-highest scorer in the country this season? which player is young, electric-paced and on 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment harry kane of tottenham and england.	sako doubled wolves' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest's henri lansbury.
fa cup semi-finalists reading still have lingering relegation worries in the championship.	reading took the lead with only four minutes gone when pavel pogrebnyak got a touch to garath mccleary's nod-down to divert the ball past cardiff goalkeeper david marshall.	but they allowed a mediocre cardiff side to snatch a point in the 90th minute.
erik compton shares a joke with jim furyk during a practice round at augusta ahead of the masters on his third.	the 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field.	but compton is n't shy about sharing his story, either.
barcelona star neymar feels his team's champions league tie with paris saint-germain.	the brazil international is expecting more fireworks after barca's win over manchester city in the last 16 of the competition.	barcelona and psg meet on april 15 in the french capital.
liverpool captain steven gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season.	gerrard will miss liverpool's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn.	gerrard is hoping to bow out in style by leading brendan rodgers' side.
blackburn rovers are in familiar territory facing an fa cup replay against one of the country's best.	the championship side held eventual premier league champions city.	tom cairney, who will face sterling on wednesday night, has sympathy for the young winger.	gary bowyer and his players are also hoping the liverpool players will sink.
gary bowyer has challenged star striker jordan rhodes to become an fa cup hero as the championship underdogs face liverpool in the first full house at ewood park since 2011.	rovers rejected a £12million bid from hull city for scotland international rhodes at the start of the season.	blackburn boss gary bowyer has said jordan rhodes can become an ewood park hero.
monaco missed the chance to close the gap in the french title race.	coach leonardo jardim's side failed to break down a well-organized montpellier side.	visitors missed a penalty early in the second half.
stuart mccall on sunday night admitted the finest performance of his short ibrox reign left him with ‘goosebumps’ and a growing belief that he can steer revitalised rangers up to the premiership.	ibrox captain lee mcculloch publicly apologising for a reckless red card, first-half goals from kenny miller and haris vuckic were enough to ensure the captain’s 44th-minute folly did not prevent rangers securing an important three points against championship winners hearts.	genero zeefuik pulled back a late consolation for robbie neilson’s men but rangers closed out the game to make it three wins in a row.
hugo lloris will miss sunday's premier league trip to burnley.	the france international was carried off on a stretcher early in the 4-3 win against leicester city and missed his country's friendlies against brazil and denmark.	lloris will miss sunday's game against burnley on sunday.
andros townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against paul merson.	townsend followed up his spectacular equaliser in italy by hitting twitter to strike back at criticism from the former arsenal midfielder.	townsend and kyle walker were the worst players on the pitch.
elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan from leeds.	the 19-year-old has failed to break into the rhinos team so far this year.	elliot minchella has been named in henderson's 19-man squad for friday's game with featherstone.
mike brown admitted he would adopt a' cautious' approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback.	the england full-back remains unsure when he will return after pulling out of harlequins' aviva premiership clash with saracens last weekend.	northampton wing george north has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions, while ireland's johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term.
manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at crystal palace.	manuel pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground in the race for the title.	city laboured to a 3-0 win over palace at the etihad stadium in december.
tim howard put in a man of the match performance against southampton.	antonio valencia runs with the ball during everton's win over aston villa.	def - nacho monreal (arsenal vs liverpool) - passed it well as manchester united won at old trafford.
lauren hill, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor.	she has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease.	but she still made it through a full season at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati.
research found that gaming boosts the ability to learn a number of tasks more accurately, and possibly puts gamers in an' expert category' of problem solving.	but the researchers are not quite sure if gaming makes people learn skills better - or if people who learn skills better are more likely to become gamers.
brendan rodgers has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth.	liverpool midfielder allen believes liverpool have performed against the big teams.	allen, one senses, has been integral to recent improvement.	gerrard is no longer the first name on the teamsheet, lucas leiva has been sidelined.
the shirt alone worn by the male model weighed in at 7lbs and the matching bra and underwear for the female model also came in at 7lbs.	the idea came after a chinese designer unveiled an extraordinary set of underwear made entirely of gold last year.
jack johnson beat tommy burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908.	it was the first ever black world heavyweight champion.	it is difficult to convey to a reader in 2015 the shockwaves that johnson's victory.
roberto martinez will hold talks with romelu lukaku after the striker’s agent suggested he could leave everton as soon as this summer.	mino raiola, who has brokered big-money deals for zlatan ibrahimovic, said he would have never sanctioned lukaku’s £28million move to goodison park.	agent mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned lukaku’s £28million move to goodison park.
eagle demonstrated its footwork after gate-crashing a football team’s training session.	the bird interrupts the training session by approaching a football and giving it a peck before enjoying a kick-about.	after standing and shaking its head, the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the right before jumping up on it with both feet.
bowling green basketball coach chris jans has been fired after witnesses say he acted' aggressively and inappropriately' at an off-campus bar.	the married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a' woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a'b****', the same evening.	a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
yorkshire's adam lyth scratched around for 22 in a championship match.	graeme swann branded him a ‘ walking wicket’.	lyth, one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on thursday for three tests.
pga tour star rickie fowler has earned extra brownie points.	the golfer's girlfriend had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week.	the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as' fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a' gold digger'.
manchester city's hopes of retaining the premier league title were dealt another blow as manuel pellegrini's men limped to a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace.	manuel pellegrini will struggle to defend his city players after they crowded referee michael oliver.	palace fans were n't incredibly optimistic ahead of last night's clash.
jason puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during monday night's match at selhurst park.	the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the manchester city fans when he was hit by the flying object during the second half.	puncheon sarcastically puts his thumbs up towards city fans after the sweet was aimed at puncheon.
eight teams prepare to battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of this season's european rugby champions cup.	sportsmail's nik simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition.	fronted by captain jamie heaslip, leinster are armed with international experience.
mesut ozil has avoided a fine after being spotted in a nightclub.	arsene wenger has spoken to ozil about the incident.	arsene wenger said he is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation.
keith curle tells the kind of stories about management that might explain why retiring players are stampeding towards the pundits’ couch.	the carlisle manager loves a job that over the years has seen him break and rebuild a toilet, man a hose and pay salaries.
harry kane will play for the u21s at this year's european championships.	harry kane, 21, will join up with the junior squad when he returns from tottenham’s post-season trip to malaysia and australia.	kane made an instant impact on the england team with a goal on his debut against lithuania.
andros townsend hailed harry kane as the' best finisher' he has played with and predicted a bright international career for his tottenham hotspur team-mate.	kane made his england debut as a substitute on friday against lithuania, scoring after only 79 seconds.	townsend said he' should be nowhere near the england squad'.
alexis sanchez has impressed for arsenal this season.	udinese had italy internationals antonio di natale, simone pepe and fabio quagliarella vying for places up front.	marino knew in sanchez he had a ‘jewel’ on his hands.
roberto martinez insists romelu lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent mino raiola ahead of a potential summer of transfer speculation surrounding the striker.	raiola, steeped in italian and dutch football, is one of the most influential agents in the game.
michael duff is preparing to take on tottenham in the premier league.	the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of united.	duff will be tasked with stopping spurs scoring sensation harry kane, 16 years his junior, on sunday.
england will send an under 20 team to the toulon tournament this summer.	the fa felt the diversity and quality of opposition in toulon were key to helping young players’ education and the decision has been made to enter once again.
brendan rodgers sat down to have his say on thursday, it was easy to forget that liverpool have a critical game against their top-four rivals arsenal.	the interview in which he suddenly seemed happy to discuss that unsigned £100,000-a-week contract, assert he is a trophy-hunter rather than a money-grabber and perhaps most alarming of all, admit he is flattered by interest from saturday's opponents from north london.	sterling appeared to give his manager a pat on the back as they talked during training.
the man, who has not been named, turned a gun on himself at the universal studios theme park in hollywood, california.	he was standing in a smoking area behind the despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time.	universal studios has an official policy banning all weapons from its grounds, and searches guests before they enter.
john carver is fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season.	carver was assistant to ruud gullit in august, 1999, when on a sodden night at st james' park the dutchman left out alan shearer and duncan ferguson and paid for his job after a 2-1 defeat.	carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end.
louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the barclays premier league.	louis van gaal says marouane fellaini has become almost undroppable.	van gaal also admitted that marouane fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable.
lexi thompson is the youngest player to appear in the u.s women's open.	she became the youngest player ever to have appeared in the major tournament.	she appeared in the women's u.s. open when she was just 12.
real madrid are desperate to land manchester united goalkeeper david de gea.	de gea has been in fantastic form this season.	real's legendary stopper iker casillas has long been seen as unreliable.
ryan bertrand took to instagram to upload a snap of himself and his daughter in their matching cars.	the 25-year-old left back got his little girl a red ferrari just like his own, before posing with the pair outside their home.	bertrand is enjoying an excellent season on the south coast.
dick advocaat will not make the same mistake he did during his first season at rangers by playing down the significance of the old firm derby.	the 67-year-old takes charge of sunderland for the first time on home soil tomorrow with north-east adversaries newcastle the visitors.	it was back in 1998 that advocaat said the old firm clash was just another game.	celtic won 5-1 and the dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry.
frank lampard has revealed he'd' love' to see a gay footballer come out and be fully respected by the public, saying that the game is changing and losing it's macho persona.	taking part on channel four's' alan carr's chatty man' alongside denise van outen, noel fielding and lethal bizzle, the on-loan manchester city star spoke of his support and feels that football in evolving for the better.
danny cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby by jetting off to dubai for a short break.	cipriani contributed 13 points from the boot in a fine display against the cherry and whites and with sale out of contention in europe, cipriani and his team-mates have the weekend off to recharge ahead of a crucial final four rounds of aviva premiership action.
ryan taylor is one of the few players genuinely respected by newcastle's disillusioned fans.	taylor' gets' the proud principles of the north east – appreciation, honesty and enjoyment.	he has himself been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats.
the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente, california was bought by the former commander in 1969 when nixon bought it, is now on sale for $75million.	nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the pacific ocean.
brazilian player ratinho has taken ridiculous barnets to a new level with his latest effort.	the 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football.	ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike from igor joao.
raheem sterling and theo walcott will likely go head-to-head at the emirates on saturday.	they are at starkly different places in their careers with 26-year-old walcott perhaps acting as a cautionary tale for sterling, 20, that early promise can sometimes give way to unfulfilled potential.
louis van gaal revealed he is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson.	van gaal is preparing his side for saturday's clash against aston villa.	louis van gaal has waited a long time for such news.
neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night.	dani alves proved their dedication to barcelona by supporting basketball side.	real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their bitter rivals.
anthony joshua believes his' hunger and determination' will more than make up for jason gavern's superior experience when the pair go head to head in newcastle on saturday.	joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015, after he was forced to pull out of a january fight against kevin johnson due to a stress fracture in his back.	gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career.
alexis sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season.	arsene wenger believes the way sanchez has adapted so quickly to a change in environment proves he is one of the best around.	sanchez has made an instant impact in english football.
arsenal face liverpool at the emirates on saturday afternoon.	arsene wenger's side managed to appear relatively relaxed ahead of saturday's crunch top-four clash.	arsene wenger must be in high spirits having seen his side win all six matches they played in march.
courtney lawes has been derided as a thug across the channel.	his brutal tackle on france fly-half jules plisson at twickenham last month.	england lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson.
sir alex ferguson has tipped barcelona's brazilian star neymar to be the next man to challenge for the title of world's best player, competing with ronaldo and lionel messi.	but ferguson says the 23-year-old, who has been a star since joining barca from santos in his homeland two years ago, is still some way off.
juan mata revealed wayne rooney believes england can win euro 2016 in france.	manchester united's player of the month for march lifted the lid on england captain rooney's bullish attitude looking ahead to the tournament in june next year.	mata has not played for spain since their exit from the 2014 world cup in the group stages in brazil.
the 18-year-old, who was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago, is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers.	officers including scott beaty (center) approached the unidentified 18-year-old inmate and told him to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them.
the man, known only as xu, tried to impregnate the'daughter-in-law' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time.	xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china.	desperate for a grandchild to carry on the bloodline, he spent 12,000 yuan (£1,311) purchasing a wife for his son.
simba the cat was rescued by firefighters in meckenheim, germany.	owners helga and eberhard henkel had lost their pet in early march.	it is thought the animal had crawled under the floor as the bathroom was being renovated.
katie gallegos from clackamas county, oregon, decided to take cooper the dog to a mcdonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy.	but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft and have a top speed of just 5mph.	the video was posted on youtube by katie gingrich, a friend of the girl.	it is illegal to' annoy, molest, harass, or disturb any manatee' under the endangered species act.
spain's stefan de vrij meets a cross from wesley sneijder to opening the scoring against spain.	vicente del bosque says his spanish side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes.	del bosque's side were unable to atone for the 5-1 world cup thrashing by the same side.
zlatan ibrahimovic has been compared with cantona for the second time in the space of a few days following peter schmeichel's comments regarding the 33-year-old.	the club's former manager jose anigo has said he would have taken great satisfaction from seeing ibrahimovic at marseille.	ibrahimovic made an audacious attempt to score a bicycle kick during sweden's midweek victory.	peter schmeichel believes man united should make a move for ibrahimovic.
cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast of africa.	its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes.	sporting lisbon ace nani is from cape verde but decided to represent portugal at national team level.
radamel falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at old trafford.	the colombian striker will consider his old trafford future at the end of this season.	falcao has only scored four goals since signing for manchester united.
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday's championship game against leeds united at elland road after the welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets.	both clubs have a history of fan trouble but leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club, council or police, when they would usually offer in excess of 2,500 tickets to away fans.	leeds have not spoken on the matter but it is believed that cardiff will not take up any of their seats at elland road.
stephen john docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.	he hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property.	he told the contractor he would rip the man's genitals off.
st john paramedics were called to a home in wagaman, northern darwin, at about 9pm on wednesday.	the 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle' and then went for a lie down'.	paramedics were called to a home in northern darwin after a man chewed and swallowed an entire glass bottle of beer.
sportsmail's derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th masters at augusta on thursday.	best european (non-uk) not so many to choose from but given augusta’s predilection for a tale of redemption.
raccoon found stuck on a flag outside philadelphia’s cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning.	video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its perch.	he seems to have a worried expression planted on his face.
keaway lafonz ivy, 21, went by the stage name kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest.	police say one of the people in his entourage fired a gun that was being used as an accessory went off, killing the musician, reported wjla.	police were able to determine that lafonzo iracks was involved in the filming of the video, but he fled the scene after ivy's death.
alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton lead 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile.	moment was captured on video and shows alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton leading 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile.	landowners did n't want their property listed as' experimental' without the usual endangered species act requirements.
jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg.	contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film back to the future where michael j fox's character marty mcfly climbs on to a futuristic hoverboard.	its makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive.
mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britain’s nuclear, transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster.	concerns are so great that one security source has warned:' however much physical security you have, if someone is already in there, there’s nothing you can do to stop them committing an act of sabotage or terrorism'.
mongolian khan with new zealand jockey opie bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million australian derby, held in randwick on monday.	bosson's agent adian rodley didn’t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations.	rodley was managing the winning horse mongolian khan with new zealand jockey opie bosson.
migrants arrive in the port of lampedusa on a boat of the italian coastguard.	the rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the eu via italy on the same period last year.
aritz aduriz denied his old team victory with a last-gasp equaliser for athletic bilbao at san mames stadium.	aduriz pounced in the 90th minute to secure a 1-1 draw after valencia had been reduced to 10 men.	nicolas otamendi had harshly received a straight red card eight minutes earlier for a high challenge.
santiago vergini is keen to stay at sunderland after revealing premier league survival could trigger the offer of a two-year permanent contract.	the 26-year-old argentinian returned to the stadium of light on a season-long loan deal from costa rican side sport uruguay de coronado in august last year.	the last of them was a start in sunday's 1-0 derby victory over newcastle united on sunday.
ashley young is desperate to avoid being part of the first united team to lose five successive manchester derbies.	united have more silverware in their trophy cabinet.	but city have had the better of their local rivals during the last couple of years.
jack grealish is renowned for keeping his stockings just above the roll of his shinpads.	grealish says he'll carry on that way after making his first premier league start on tuesday night.	grealish was pleased to have finally made his first premier league start for villa.
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about' having fun, enjoying it and not winning'.	woods said:' have fun, enjoy it, and do n't win.	i've been six-under through eight, and just happen to hit two balls in the water on nine'.	vonn holds up her dress from the grass as she talks to woods's children, charlie, and sam (right).
andy murray and novak djokovic are on another collision course in miami.	the serbian beat david ferrer to reach the semi-finals of the miami open.	the world no 1 is likely to face briton andy murray in the miami final.
ap mccoy will attempt to win the irish grand national on cantlow in his final race meeting in ireland.	the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on butler’s cabin and success aboard cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be mccoy’s final week as a jockey.	he has vowed to immediately retire if he wins saturday’s crabbie’s grand national at aintree on favourite shutthefrontdoor, the gelding which won last year’s irish national under barry geraghty.
irish trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light a definite runner.	the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch.	rubi light had the option of running friday’s shorter topham chase but hennessy said:' he is going to run.	there is only one national.
four-year-old, ridden by william buick, beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer charlie appleby.	he had earlier been successful with pretend (buick) in the unibet sprint championship stakes and four seasons (adam kirby) in the 32red three-year-old mile championship.	buick predicted a big future back on turf for tryster, whose previous four wins during the aw season included the winter derby.
mark mccall believes neutral territory offers saracens hope of toppling mighty clermont to reach a second successive european final.	marcelo bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of sunday's showdown with racing metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to st etienne's stade geoffroy-guichard on april 18.	the argentinian centre is then mobbed by his team-mates after landing the match-winning kick.
francis saili has signed a two-year deal to join munster later this year.	the 24-year-old was part of the new zealand under-20 side that won the junior world championship in italy in 2011.	saili's signature is something of a coup for munster and head coach anthony foley.
dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage - the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday.	lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the toulon player on the ground.	toulon's english speedster delon armitage makes a break for the defending champions.
anthony watson believes the pain of bath's european champions cup exit can be a driving force in their push to make this season's aviva premiership play-offs.	watson and company were left to reflect on what might have been at dublin's aviva stadium as six ian madigan penalties gave three-time european champions leinster a tense 18-15 quarter-final success.
tim bresnan insists a good start to the domestic season with lv= county championship holders yorkshire could help him make a case for an england test recall.	tim bresnan is keen to give england's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for yorkshire.
stuart broad came through an injury scare and jonny bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates as england's test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill.	it seemed entirely in keeping with the unsatisfactory nature of england's test preparation week that bairstow, the only member of the seconded quarter not likely to feature in the series, had the most productive day.	jonathan trott (nought) and gary ballance (17) largely failed to do so, but bairstow made 98 and joe root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine.
jack grealish wants to replace the wembley misery he suffered as a fan with joy as a player when aston villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final.	grealish, 19, was handed his first premier league start by tim sherwood in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers and is hopeful of retaining his place for the april 19 date.	grealish saw villa lose twice at wembley in 2010 - in the league cup final and in the fa cup semi-final.
crystal palace chairman steve parish has revealed he wants to bring in extra investment so the club can improve their selhurst park home.	the premier league side, who beat champions manchester city 2-1 on monday night, have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by josh harris.	but parish, who has been at palace since he and his consortium saved the club from the brink of financial collapse in 2010.
julian speroni will take his crystal palace career into a 12th season.	the goalkeeper has triggered a 12-month extension that will expire at the end of next season.	the 35-year-old will have a testimonial against dundee at the end of the season.
everton's players train at goodison park prior to tuesday's open training session.	the toffees held the event to coincide with the school half-term holiday.	fans were invited to watch roberto martinez put his players through their paces.	john stones and aaron lennon also stuck around for a meet-and-greet session.
paul mcshane has told his hull team-mates it’s time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle.	if someone had shared the message before they got off their bus in swansea on saturday.	hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
andy king was the hero as premier league strugglers leicester struck late to earn a vital three points against west ham united.	andy king’s 86th minute winner has kept leicester city’s hopes of premier league survival alive, at least for now.
radamel falcao believes sergio aguero is his side's biggest threat.	colombian striker was speaking at the # headtohead for puma's' evospeed 1.3' alongside the argentine when he spoke highly of this weekend's manchester derby.	falcao has scored six times against united since he joined city in 2011.
haris vuckic, gael bigirimana and shane ferguson all injured.	slovenian is the only one to have made an impact at ibrox.	kevin mbabu, remie streete, gael bigirimana and remie streete.
james ward-prowse has spent his career under the radar, the scene outside the riverside stadium on monday night was symbolic.	the saints rising star was speaking in an interview with sportsmail's dominic king (left).	ward-prowse poses with the ball outside of southampton's impressive marchwood training ground.
tottenham flags fly in front of the already partly-demolished building in north london.	the north london club's neighbours, archway sheet metal works, fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development.	spurs plan to open a new'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time, and having secured the appropriate planning permission and fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order.
tony pulis believes joey barton' probably had a point' when claiming west bromwich albion's players's*** themselves' during defeat to queens park rangers earlier this season.	tony pulis has admitted that joey barton' probably had a point' about west brom losing their cool.	the outspoken midfielder (right) was commenting after west brom surrendered a two-goal lead.	pulis recalled his own misfortune from leading 2-0 and losing as gillingham manager in the second division play-off final of 1999.
reece oxford pushed himself closer to a long-awaited first-team debut.	the 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side.	oxford's claims for a senior debut before the end of the season.
josh harrop starred as manchester united beat west ham united to go four points clear at the top of the under 21 premier league.	josh cullen was able to name belgium international adnan januzaj in their line up and the added class in attack began to show.
ronny deila agrees with gary teale's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership.	the hoops boss criticised the playing surface at st mirren park following the hoops' 2-0 scottish premiership win on friday night.	ronny deila agrees with gary teale's claim that st mirren have one of the best in the league.
gary teale has hit back at ronny deila's criticism of the st mirren park pitch.	deila branded most surfaces in the scottish premiership ‘terrible’.	but teale insists the norwegian’s criticism was unjustified and unfair on the paisley club’s groundsman, tommy docherty.
stuart mccall has dismissed any thought of his rangers future.	mccall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins — including triumphs over hibs and hearts — ahead of tonight’s trip to face queen of the south.	mccall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins.
karim benzema hailed team-mate cristiano ronaldo as a' phenomenon' after the portuguese struck five goals in real madrid's 9-1 mauling of granada.	it was the first time in his career that ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match and saw him become only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for madrid, a tally achieved in only 287 appearances.	benzema also scored twice after gareth bale had opening the scoring as madrid's much-vaunted' bbc' strikeforce combined to score eight of their side's nine goals.
christian benteke faces a substantial pay cut if his goals are not enough to keep aston villa in the premier league.	benteke's future will be discussed as his contract, worth £50,000 per week, enters its final two years.	wolfsburg have kept tabs on benteke since before he ruptured his achilles 12 months ago.
kevin pietersen faces the media at gatwick airport on thursday morning.	england captain alastair cook was the name on everyone’s lips at gatwick airport.	coach peter moores answered questions about the possible return of kevin pietersen.
louis van gaal has a reputation as a no-nonsense disciplinarian but the manchester united manager punctured that image by revealing just how pleased he was with ander herrera's first goal against aston villa.	the dutchman explained he had been imploring the spanish midfielder to control the ball before shooting in order to demonstrate a greater level of composure.	van gaal admitted that he was so pleased with herrera's opening goal, he kissed him at half-time because he had controlled the ball for the first time.
paolo dybala has been linked with a number of europe's top clubs.	arsene wenger has denied interest, £30m-rated dybala seems set on a move this summer.	liverpool are also thought to be admirers of the youngster, who also visited the nou camp to watch barcelona play earlier this season.
carlo ancelotti has his' six nations' available again.	marca have splashed about how carlo ancelotti has his' six nations' available again.	ancelotti has a fearsome front line of different nationalities ready to chase down barcelona in the la liga.
amir khan spent his friday alongside some fellow natural born fighters as he enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern california.	khan posed alongside, and also fed, a rare but dangerous white tiger as well posing with stunning giraffes and sea lions at six flags discovery kingdom.	khan had come under increasing pressure to take on british rival and ibf welterweight champion chris algieri on may 30.
chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour, a move that could upset numerous international managers.	jose mourinho did n't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to japan, home of new sponsors yokohama rubber, but if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip.	jose mourinho did not rule out the prospect of a 12,000-mile round trip for a pre-season tour in japan.
gary bowyer has hit out at fa cup rules which prevent him from fielding one of his own players against liverpool in wednesday night's sixth round replay at ewood park because he was on loan when the first tie was played on march 9.	bowyer, who has a lengthy injury list at his championship club, wanted to include 21-year-old midfielder john o'sullivan to face the reds having recalled him from a loan spell with league one barnsley last month.	o'sullivan was at oakwell when the initial 0-0 draw between the teams was played at anfield.
sean dyche's squad - minus the four players on international duty - spent last week in spain preparing for a run-in that begins with sunday's tricky visit of tottenham.	the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their barclays premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp.	sean dyche believes his burnley side are more than capable of avoiding the premier league.
napoli president aurelio de laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp.	di laurentiis was furious after his team continued their recent slide by losing 1-0 at home to lazio in the second leg of their coppa italia semi-final.	the elimination came on top of a run of five serie a matches without a win which has seen napoli drop from third place to sixth.
lebron james helped his team to a 114-88 win at the american airlines arena.	point guard kyrie irving also scored 23 points while the heat saw dwyane wade go down with a knee injury in the first half.	the 30-year-old also passed patrick ewing into 20th place on the nba's all-time scoring list.
jacques burger encapsulates all the values rugby union’s marketing people love to espouse.	the flanker is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game.	burger of saracens tackles harlequins ace chris robshaw in the aviva premiership match.
blackpool marked their relegation into sky bet league one with a 1-1 draw against reading.	but the fireworks were restricted to outside of bloomfield road as long-suffering supporters held protests against seasiders chairman karl oyston.	the tangerines' demotion into the third tier was finally confirmed on easter monday and that triggered pre-match public displays of fury from fans at the oyston family's handling of the club.
alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england's opening tour match in the west indies.	cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.	england captain alastair cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of england's opening tour match.
jonathan trott combine impressively as england take on a st kitts and nevis invitational xi.	the pair came together here at the top of the order yesterday for the first time since a brief experiment in bangladesh five years ago in what was a low-key return to work.
jose mourinho has declared that he does n't care where chelsea win the premier league.	jose mourinho was speaking at chelsea's press conference ahead of their premier league clash.	mourinho, as chelsea trained at cobham on friday, will start for chelsea against stoke city on saturday.
liverpool have been in good form since they last played arsenal.	brendan rodgers' side need to beat arsenal on saturday.	arsene wenger was given the manager of the month award for a 14th time.
olivier giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award.	arsene wenger's side took all 12 points on offer to claim the award for march.	david ginola was the first french winner of the award.
jones came from the bench late on to score within three minutes of his bournemouth debut and rescue a point away to ipswich.	the pass the parcel of the championship top spot continued as bournemouth could only draw after falling behind to an early freddie sears goal.	freddie sears celebrates putting ipswich ahead in the early exchanges of the game.
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on saturday.	brendan rodgers accepts his side can not afford to turn up in another big game if their top-four ambitions are to survive.	prior to the international break the reds' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to champions league-chasing rivals manchester united.
liverpool head to arsenal on saturday in the lunchtime premier league kick-off.	five hat-tricks have been scored in this match-up since the inception of the premier league.	robbie fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in premier league history.
liverpool players mario balotelli, fabio borini, rickie lambert and lazar markovic got more than they bargained for when youtube star bas van velzen arrived at melwood.	the merseysiders were led to believe that the dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the anfield stars and receive a dead-ball masterclass.	after a poor first effort, balotelli sends a perfectly-executed free-kick into the top corner.
rickie fowler's girlfriend and bikini model alexis randock poses for a picture with her sister nicole on the beach last week.	the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as' fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a' gold digger' who did n't have to work.
alastair cook’s squad who fly to the caribbean on thursday for a three-test series against west indies.	the 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit, because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st.	he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
australia coach darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during sunday’s world cup final win over new zealand.	brad haddin came under fire for his send-off of kiwi opener martin guptill, and a photograph of haddin and all-rounder james faulkner mocking grant elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the australian’s fifth world cup triumph.	lehmann insisted haddin was following team orders.
yorkshire have signed india international cheteshwar pujara until the end of may after cancelling the contract of younis khan.	younus was set to be yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015.	but the batsman is now looking to be part of pakistan's potential touring party to bangladesh.
ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire.	the 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals for england.	bell has won five trophies with warwickshire, including the county championship in 2004 and 2012.
marco negri has revealed he quit the scottish giants after fearing he was hiv-positive.	negri joined the ibrox outfit from italian side perugia for £3.5million.	however, a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow including a reserve match against aberdeen on november 13, 2000.
raheem sterling's controversial'it's-not-about-the-money' campaign led him to the emirates stadium.	liverpool and arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football.	sterling was brought down by hector bellerin for liverpool's penalty.
mils muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault.	the former all blacks star was arrested at kingsholm stadium on friday night.	moments after his side's 14-7 loss at kingsholm, the kiwi veteran was led away to a police van where he was detained.	muliaina, who earned a century of caps for new zealand, has made 11 appearances for the irish province so far.
treasurer joe hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as netflix and apple.	but consumer advocacy group choice says tech-savvy australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
kevin pietersen has rejoined surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in england's ashes squad.	england's ninth most successful wicket taker of all-time is a loyal friend to the controversial batsman and was best man at his wedding.	pietersen has rejoined surrey in the hope of earning a place in the ashes squad for england this summer.
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer which had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009.	hartson admitted to having a gambling problem that he faced up to after beating cancer.	hartson added that he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life.
gareth bale's name on the back may be bought with' bale 9' on the back.	the alleged new kit can be purchased with gareth bale's name on the back.	bale rejoined chelsea on a one-year contract in july 2014.
arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals liverpool.	goals from hector bellerin, mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored.	jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors.	sportsmail's matt barlow casts his eye over the two teams' performances.
massimo cellino has claimed that red bull have launched a bid to buy the championship club.	leeds united are the subject of a takeover bid from red bull, according to massimo cellino.	leeds chairman andrew umbers said he was not aware of an offer from red bull when contacted by bbc radio leeds on saturday morning.	cellino told the yorkshire evening post:' there is an offer.	i didn’t know about it but i spoke just now with giampaolo caboni'.
former barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in america.	the former captain visits the sight's of his family enjoying the empire state building in new york.	villa will want his side to have the bragging rights.
steven gerrard was pictured in the paper alongside the article written in 1992.	the former england captain highlighted the importance of' nurturing' the midfielder and described him as' outstanding' after seeing him play at 12.	gerrard has become of the most recognised midfielders in the game.
arsene wenger says arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title.	but maintains that they will have to be ready if chelsea slip.	arsene wenger is not letting his team get ahead of themselves despite an excellent win on saturday.
harry kane won his first senior caps for england last week.	roy hodgson's first team, according to kenny dalglish.	kane is ready to be a permanent member of the full squad.
manchester city appear to have lost too much ground to chelsea.	manuel pellegrini accepts his side are now facing a fight to stay in the champions league places.	manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the champions league places and not the title.
arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium.	protesters hope the image of empty seats will raise awareness of the struggles fans face to meet the rising costs of following their clubs.	supporters from both clubs say they are' disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices.
wesley sneijder tweeted this advertisement for his knife range on saturday morning.	leeds fans, kevin speight and christopher loftus, were killed before the uefa cup semi-final first leg against galatasaray in taksim square, istanbul, on april 5, 2000.	a minute's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet at elland road on saturday.
deion sanders called out his son deion sanders jr. (right) when he wrote about needing' hood doughnuts almost every morning'.	if my doughnuts do n't come in a plain white box, i do n't want them!' then, seeing this tweet, dad deion sanders decided to have a little fun with his son, and give him a piece of his mind, writing back.
analysts employed at us intelligence agencies like the cia, nsa, and national counterterrorism center who watch graphic videos all day receive treatment from specialist psychologists to help them deal with the emotional trauma they experience.	analysts watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues about the actions of terrorists.
members of 30 legendary bands are blended into 30 single faces.	each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one.	kurt cobain is touted as the' face' of the beatles because he took the lead on many songs.
the broward state attorney's office reported on thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers.	the arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force.
the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect's grasp.	the dramatic, up-close images, captured by a bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature.
derek skyler brux, 22, pleaded guilty in january for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country.	brux then crashed into an inactive union pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again.	he was preparing to hit the train a third time when a rail link employee was able to get on the engine train and crashing it into another train last fall.	brux's public defender david weiss previous told the court his client had struggled with bipolar disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in the past.
jia binhui, 25, can not afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease.	he claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body, according to the people's daily online.	jia, who was diagnosed with blood cancer in 2013, has had a bone marrow transplant costing £55,000, which was funded by well-wishers.
mould was seen growing in the tomato puree during an inspection of the takeaway in gillingham.	they included a lack of cleaning, having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food.	he was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
jose mourinho has revealed that he has a strong faith in god.	he said that he and his family' know about poverty' and have been privileged to have worked with the word food programme as an ambassador against hunger.
richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family members.	benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family members.	benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s.
patrick o'flynn, who is also the party's economics spokesman, said ukip needs to' work harder' as it is' lagging' behind with female voters.	polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back ukip, compared to only 10 per cent of women.
vanessa santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in fulham, south west london.	the 33-year-old mexican national, who worked as a transgender escort, died as a result of injuries to the head and neck.	police did not confirm whether her profession was central to the investigation but insisted they would do' everything' to solve the case.
fran kirby staked an impressive claim for a world cup starting role with england women as she created the first goal and scored a brilliant second in a 2-1 win over china.	kirby fashioning cut china's arrears after shaky defending, and might have had an equaliser in the second half but mis-kicked as england feared the worst.	kirby, a 21-year-old playing in the second division of the women's super league, was impressive throughout, a nimble-footed presence who china struggled to deal with.
fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on saturday.	the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at caykur rizespor in turkey's super lig.	marks can be seen on the windscreen of the fenerbahce team bus after the attack.
wayne rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the champions league.	louis van gaal's side sit fourth in the barclays premier league standings.	juan mata scored a fantastic brace against liverpool to secure his side a 2-1 win at anfield.
jonathon stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.	his detailed reply says everything about the great man,' mr stevenson, who is now a director at livewire sport, tweeted.	accompanying the letter from benaud, dated september 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers.	benaud enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on sunday.	wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1.	united are now eight points clear of fifth-placed liverpool who lost 4-1 at arsenal.
dan klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at ramapo college in mahwah, new jersey, when he fell over trying to dodge it.	police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process.	klice lives in oleans, new york, but had crossed the hudson so judge the contest.
jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for tips on left-handed leg spin.	his detailed reply says everything about the great man,' mr stevenson, who is now a director at livewire sport, tweeted.	accompanying the letter from benaud, dated september 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers.	he was the first player to score 2,000 test runs and take 200 test wickets.
brendan rodgers has criticised raheem sterling as a good chat with him.	sterling has reject a contract extension worth £100,000 a week.	sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week.
eden hazard starred for jose mourinho's team.	charlie adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside stoke’s half.	stoke continued to make things difficult for chelsea until asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner.	sportsmail's kieran gill gives his player ratings.
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters.	the clip featured on the people's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground, foraging for food.	it is not the first animal with two legs instead of four to win plaudits in china.
talented toddler, believed to be from china and female, has become an internet sensation in china after the video of her dancing went viral.	video has been reposted by numerous chinese video sites after it was first featured on jiangsu satellite tv station in china.
aitor karanka's team are top of the championship this season.	aitor karanka's side have been this season's surprise package.	watford's odion ighalo intends to have a say in what happens next.
wigan athletic have acted swiftly in finding a replacement for malky mackay.	former club captain gary caldwell will take charge for the first time against fulham.	the 32-year-old has been at the dw stadium since 2010.
fulham down’ rang out of the not-so neutral end at craven cottage on a day for brentford’s 6,000 travelling fans to savour.	boos descended down on kit symons, who slunk back into his dugout.	but this wasn’t about fulham and their mounting deficiencies.
peter moores insisted he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes new director of cricket despite the pair’s chequered past.	moores' position as england coach has come under scrutiny after a woeful world cup campaign.	moores is sad to see the departure of paul downton.
stewart has added his name to the ring of potential candidates, and knows the job of director of cricket inside out.	sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket.
robert lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as bayern munich.	pep guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the signal iduna park on saturday.	league leaders bayern munich stretch their lead at the top of the table to 10 points.
mario balotelli moved a step closer to an anfield exit in the summer.	brendan rodgers revealed that the italian had withdrawn himself from the squad to arsenal after taking a ‘ slight knock’ in training.	brendan rodgers revealed balotelli did not travel with the squad after picking up a slight knock.	arsenal ran out 4-1 winners against liverpool at the emirates on saturday.
tom wood jokingly thanked clermont for inviting northampton to an open training session after the english champions were thrashed 37-5 in the champions cup.	the saints, who sit 10 points clear at the summit of the aviva premiership, exited europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the stade marcel-michelin.	northampton captain dylan hartley leads his team off the pitch after crushing defeat.	abendanon cast his magic over the saints defence to inspire comprehensive victory.
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury in chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke city.	the spain international is likely to miss chelsea's upcoming premier league matches.	jose mourinho threw costa on at half-time after going into the interval.
mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent.	mauricio pochettino could be a long-haired argentinian who tripped michael owen to give away the penalty that david beckham converted in the 2002 world cup finals.	he is also becoming the manager for whom young englishmen wish to play.
rory mcilroy is the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday.	he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport.	mcginley says mcilroy's ambitions are unlike chelsea's relentless win-at-all-costs manager jose mourinho.
blaine taylor accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.	but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.	immediately blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes.
alan stubbs says he feared there would have been crowd trouble if he'd agreed to have his hibs team form a guard of honour for hearts.	hearts head coach robbie neilson and jambos defender alim ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the championship title winners at easter road.	rangers lined up to applaud hearts on to the ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago, and queen of the south and alloa did the same.
sam allardyce is making plans for the summer and next season with west ham.	west ham face stoke city on saturday as both sit on 42 points.	sam allardyce has a meeting planned for the end of may with co-owners david sullivan and david sullivan.
natasha jonas, the first female boxer to represent great britain in an olympic games, has announced her retirement from the sport.	the 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist katie taylor of ireland in the first round of the women's lightweight competition at london 2012.
thomas bjorn's shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the masters.	but his aim on his third was clearly a little off.	luckily for bjorn, he was able to take a free drop and resume the hole.
england's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on thursday.	the 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards.	willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his masters debut with an eagle and an opening round of 71.
arnold palmer defied his age and a shoulder injury to hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 79th masters and provide the first storyline at augusta national this year.	but he ignored the pain to take his place alongside jack nicklaus and gary player as the honorary starters on thursday morning.	nicklaus has a record six masters wins, palmer four and player three, meaning they have 13 victories at augusta between them.
novak djokovic beat john isner in straight sets to reach the finalof the miami open on friday night.	the no 1-seeded djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title.	djokovic became the first player in the tournament to break isner.
rosberg and lewis hamilton visited mercedes' brackley base on thursday.	mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse does n't gallop to victory at the next race in china.	rosberg finished 8.5 seconds ahead of hamilton and 12.5 seconds ahead of nico rosberg.
lewis hamilton has barely put a foot wrong during the last year with mercedes on the track.	the 30-year-old's success has enabled him to meet stars in other sports as well as showbiz celebrities and key political figures.	hamilton (left) wanted to introduce himself to will smith (second right) when the incident happened.
formula one great jackie stewart has bemoaned the downfall of the german grand prix and is urging the sport's bosses not to forsake tradition for money as the number of european races on the calendar dwindles.	the german gp was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems and f1 commercial head bernie ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic italian grand prix.
two-time formula one world champion lewis hamilton has opened up about his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine men's health.	the mercedes racer, who leads the drivers' championship after two races of the 2015 season, features on the front cover of the may edition of the popular health publication.	in an interview in the latest issue of the magazine, released on thursday april 2 the 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art.	hamilton's tattoos and what they mean.
part of the' wing' - the $40million (£27m), three-story corporate building at the host venue of formula one's british grand prix - was affected by the winds on late sunday and monday.	images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed.	silverstone sporting director stuart pringle insists upcoming events will not be affected.
jason robinson played a key role in england's 2003 world cup win against australia in the 2003 world cup final victory against australia.	the 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club wigan, which almost led to his downfall.	robinson played a key role in england in the 2003 world cup win against australia.
yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title while kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier.	here is former surrey and england batsman mark butcher's guide to the county championship.
zimbabwe's limited overs captain elton chigumbura could lead his side in a series in pakistan.	zimbabwe cricket board chairman shaharyar khan hopes for a series of five one-dayers.	khan will meet with officials of the zimbabwe cricket union on the sidelines.
alex rodriguez returned to the new york yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day following a 162-game suspension, batting seventh and serving as designated hitter.	yet a-rod received a warm welcome on his comeback, with fans even holding up signs that read' forgive' in the crowd.	signs in the stands encourages fans to forgive rodriguez after his heavy suspension.
tim sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with tottenham chairman daniel levy and even thanks the club's board for ending his time at white hart lane.	levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in mauricio pochettino, ending the 46-year-old's five-month stay in charge and six-year relationship with the club at development level.	levy, who joined in 2001, had nothing but praise for levy, who joined villa to north london on saturday.
sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we learned from the premier league's easter weekend fixtures and the race for promotion across the football league.	playing jordan henderson as a wing back instead of in his normal central midfield position was an idea that went spectacularly wrong for liverpool manager brendan rodgers.	the england star, who has taken over the captain’s armband in the absence of steven gerrard, gave the ball away 23 times in 90 minutes.
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the' best week of my life'.	he will want to erase the memory of tottenham's goalless draw at burnley.	kane said:' it is difficult but we have seven games, we will try.	it is true that it is not easy, because always there is long balls into the box'.	tottenham coach mauricio pochettino still believes they can catch manchester city and finish fourth.
michael duff was satisfied with a point against tottenham.	harry kane could not find a way to break the deadlock at turf moor.	spurs' hopes of a top-four spot look to have evaporated.	danny ings missed an early chance to put burnley ahead.
qpr centre-back is one of several players poised to leave should go down as they consider streamlining their squad.	the 28-year-old has 15 months left on contract and has played regularly under chris ramsey.	qpr have held talks over a move for catania defender nicolas spolli.
andy king thinks his 50th goal for leicester city could prove to be his most important yet.	but it was enough to defeat west ham in a frenetic match and breathe life back into the 86th minute of saturday's match it was by no means his most spectacular, a mere flick from six yards out enough to take the ball past adrian.	king is joined by david nugent to celebrate his goal, the 50th he has scored for his club.
leicester beat west ham 1-0 at the king power stadium in saturday's 2-1 win over west ham.	nigel pearson said of the 34-year-old former real madrid, inter milan and argentina player:' even if he had n't scored the goal, i would still have said he was man of the match.	i think he was outstanding'.	cambiasso has won the spanish and italian league titles.
daniel agger is involved in a physical battle with copenhagen striker andreas cornelius.	the incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against copenhagen on monday.	agger rejoined brondby, who are fourth in the league table on 35 points.
benfica have made an enquiry for sheffield united's diego de girolamo.	the italy under 20 international is leaving bramall lane this summer.	celtic want the forward to train with them ahead of making a decision while southampton have also expressed an interest.
west bromwich albion will make a £3million move for wales international left-back neil taylor this summer.	swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old who has impressed several premier league managers over the past few years.	pulis has been forced to play joleon lescott and chris brunt.
harry kane awaits his chance to impress in a crossbar challenge during open training at white hart lane on thursday morning.	harry kane, nabil bentaleb, eric dier, roberto soldado, danny rose and the apparent king of the crossbar, christian eriksen, ignoring attempts from his team-mates to distact him, all went narrowly over the top.	kane's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark and won a big cheer, though could n't count.
west brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in america, china and australia with some parties already having a tour of the club's training ground facilities.	peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m but does not want a drawn out saga interfering with the club's plans for next season.
chris ramsey will hope queens park rangers’ season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory.	qpr's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute.	qpr closer to safety.
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season.	but the defender knows his campaign may be over.	tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month.	tomkins, seen with stewart downing, dislocated his shoulder.
peter lawwell recently admitted to telling ronny deila that it was a matter of getting over the ‘ le guen hump’ but celtic’s chief executive might well have cited a couple of names that had met their grim fates closer to home.	celtic manager ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough.
haris vuckic, gael bigirimana and shane ferguson all injured.	slovenian is the only one to have made an impact at ibrox.	kevin mbabu, remie streete, gael bigirimana and remie streete.
real madrid have appealed against the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for diving in the penalty area during their 2-0 win over rayo vallecano, and hope to have his suspension revoked.	ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee mario melero lopez after he was chopped down by defender antonio amaya inside the box.	the decision means ronaldo could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday.	real madrid want the yellow card shown to their star forward ronaldo to be rescinded.
rio ferdinand believes louis van gaal's decision to return wayne rooney to his favoured attacking role has led to the manchester united's upturn in performance levels.	ferdinand has helped inspire united to their best displays of the season by leading their attack.	rooney has united's goals record in his sights and the side functions better when he is there.
peter quillin may be nicknamed' kid chocolate' but he shows none of the expected arrogance.	the man who will stand in the opposite corner to limerick’s andy lee next weekend comes across as anything but the egotist.
billy joe saunders and chris eubank jnr could rematch in under six weeks.	pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on november 29 with british, commonwealth and european middleweight champions saunders.	eubank will be making the first defence of his wba interim belt while saunders will have a warm-up' international contest' ahead of his challenge for the wbo middleweight title mooted for july.
manchester city are coming up against statistically the deadliest striker in the premier league when they face crystal palace on easter monday.	glenn murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season.	harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively.
atletico madrid beat valencia 2-0 at bottom side cordoba.	antoine griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season by netting opener.	saul niguez doubled atletico's lead in the 39th minute.	valencia have 60 points in fourth.
joey barton believes his side have a' hell of a chance' of staying up.	rangers won 4-1 at the 10-man baggies on saturday to end a losing run of five matches.	joey barton has urged qpr to use their win over west brom.	barton captained his side to a 4-1 away win against west brom.
alan pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of england's top sides.	palace have won six out of 10 league games since pardew succeeded neil warnock at the start of the year.	alan pardew has said he is not looking to jump ship.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday.	ander herrera added his second and united's third late on to secure the three points.	sportsmail's dominic king gives his player ratings from old trafford.
van gaal has warned his players that champions league qualification is still not assured despite holding an eight-point gap over liverpool after saturday's results.	van gaal also sees the derby as an opportunity to push united's claims for a top-two finish.	chelsea are likely to be champions but you have to keep on putting pressure.
ander herrera, pictured with juan mata, scored a brace to ensure his side claimed the win against aston villa.	herrera made it clear that a lack of action was never going to leave him at loggerheads with van gaal.	herrera’s commitment was amply rewarded against aston villa.
anthony joshua lands a left hand on jason gavern on his way to victory.	joshua dropped gavern twice in the second round and twice in the third round.	joshua stands over the fallen gavern as he boxed in front of the newcastle crowd for the first time.
dereck chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against british heavyweight rival david price is firmly in his sights.	the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at wladimir klitschko's wbo title and fury is now the mandatory challenger for that strap.	chisora, meanwhile, has been regrouping and recovering from an eye injury sustained during the 10-round beating.
stuart mccall has delivered a sharp rebuke to david templeton.	former hearts star templeton claimed last week that mccall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management.	but mccall, who is busy transforming the club on the pitch after three successive wins in the championship.
dave king has moved closer to becoming rangers chairman after being cleared by the court of session.	south african-based businessman hopes yesterday’s decision will convince the sfa to pass him as ‘ fit and proper’ in the final stage of approval.	king won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the rangers boardroom at the club’s pivotal extraordinary general meeting last month.	but has been holding off from taking up a post until he has cleared all regulatory barriers.
fabian orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the spanish football federation.	the bizarre incident happened during barca's 1-0 victory over celta on sunday saw orellana grow frustrated with busquets' time-wasting tactics and hurl a lump of turf at him.	busquets made the most of the contact and grabbed his eye, despite the grass clearly striking him on the back of the neck.
xavi will have a vital role to play in the club's hunt for the treble.	the 35-year-old midfielder has managed just five starts in 21 games.	barcelona manager luis enrique believes xavi has a vital role to play.
franck ribery claims he turned down real madrid five years ago.	the french winger, 32, has won four bundesliga titles.	but it could have all been different had a proposed move to the bernabeu in 2009 gone through.
sven bender has issued a rallying call to his borussia dortmund team-mates.	jurgen klopp's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games.	jurgen klopp's men find themselves in a disappointing tenth.
antonio di natale has described alexis sanchez as the best strike partner he's ever had and insisted the arsenal forward is better than neymar.	di natale, who won 42 caps for italy between 2002 and 2012, spent five years playing alongside sanchez at udinese.	sanchez has been in storming form with 20 goals in all competitions.	di natale has put his former team-mate's unbelievable work ethic as the secret behind his success.
juventus ensured their treble dreams remained alive as they overcame a first-leg defeat thanks to goals by alessandro matri, roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci.	the feat was made even more impressive as the old lady were without key trio carlos tevez, paul pogba and andrea pirlo.	juventus were hit with the news that former premier league striker tevez was to miss the match due to a thigh injury.
roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for their next home game.	the banner, displayed during roma's 1-0 defeat of napoli, caused outcry.	the taunts were aimed at antonella leardi whose son ciro esposito died.
kevin toner has been among a select few to train with the first team.	tim sherwood is keen to develop villa’s young talent and toner has been among a select few to train with the first-team.
alan stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager's job at wigan athletic.	stubbs' no2, john doolan, formed part of uwe rosler's backroom staff at the dw stadium before the german was sacked on monday.	stubbs is currently embroiled in a tough promotion battle with the easter road side.
celtic's title prospects' look great' following their 2-0 win over st mirren.	norway midfielder stefan johansen believes his side's title aspirations' look great' after their 2-0 win at st mirren.	celtic midfielder stefan johansen scored celtic's second goal at st mirren.
ronny deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the premiership with victory at st mirren.	ronny deila was impressed with his side's performance against st mirren.	deila felt their cause wasn’t helped by the state of the paisley surface.
ian poulter lines up his putt for birdie on the 18th hole during the first round of the arnold palmer invitational.	but poulter promises this break, just weeks before the first major of the year, means he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on augusta national.
gary player will attend his 58th masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game’s most exclusive club and salute.	great man considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen.
ben hogan did it with his one and only appearance at the open championship.	tiger woods achieved it at the home of golf.	mcilroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta.
barcelona coach luis enrique is not concerned by neymar's recent goal drought.	the brazil striker has gone off the boil since the turn of the year.	barcelona defender gerard pique and neymar keep their eye on the ball.
manuel pellegrini witnessed his side limp to a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace.	palace piled the pressure on the chilean with an outstanding win that was secured by goals from glenn murray and jason puncheon.	city, who are now up to 11th in the premier league table.
rory mcilroy played golf from a young age and always admired woods as he grew up in northern ireland.	the world no 1 - now 103 places above woods in the world rankings - is the favourite to win the masters, the open, the us pga championship and the us open - thus completing a career grand slam.	rory's rise from child prodigy to the world's best - along with his fascination with woods' stellar career - has now been beautifully told in a new two-minute video created by their sponsors nike.
quinton fortune claims neymar looked uncomfortable during barcelona's 1-0 win over celta vigo.	barcelona ensured they remained four points clear of title rivals real madrid by scrapping to a hard-fought victory over celta vigo.	however despite the win, fortune insists barcelona boss luis enrique should be concerned by neymar's body language.
charlie adam left stamford bridge with mixed feelings after scoring one of the best goals of the premier league era in the defeat to chelsea.	scotland international picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned blues goalkeeper thibaut courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort.	courtois scrambled back as quickly as he could but was unable to deny the 29-year-old former liverpool man the goal of his career.	stoke city midfielder charlie adam scored the goal of his career during stoke city's defeat to chelsea.
chelsea captain john terry hailed eden hazard as one of the world's best players after the belgian inspired the blues to a 2-1 win over stoke.	but loic remy was on hand to turn home hazard's square pass to wrap up the three points and take chelsea seven points clear at the top of the premier league.	chelsea captain john terry hailed eden hazard as one of the world's best players following the stoke win.
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer.	now sterling is a 20-year-old england international and a cornerstone of liverpool’s first team.	sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid, bayern munich, manchester city and arsenal.
paul casey insists he is desperate to play in the ryder cup.	the englishman has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the european tour to concentrate on his game.	the move has paid off with the former world no 3 losing a play-off in the northern trust open and finishing joint third in the honda classic to climb to 44th.
watford beat watford equaliser to secure them a point at the ipro stadium.	adlene guedioura seized on hesitant defending by craig forsyth with 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to his watford team-mate, who poked the ball past lee grant to snatch an unlikely point.	the final act was heurelho gomes producing a fingertip save from richard keogh’s header.
jackie mcnamara is under pressure following his side's recent slump.	dundee united failed to get their hands on the scottish league cup.	jackie mcnamara’s team make it 10 matches without a win.	dundee united have failed to win any of their last 10 games.
edinson cavani has rejected rumours that he does not get on with team-mate zlatan ibrahimovic insisting the only issue he has is being played out of position.	reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship and earlier in the season coach laurent blanc even said they must improve their partnership on the pitch.	cavani admits that he and ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends but dismissed speculation of a rift with the sweden international.
nick abendanon was perhaps the only happy englishman at stade marcel michelin.	after leading northampton a merry dance, he revealed faint but lingering world cup hopes.	abendanon won the last of his two caps for england back in 2007.	he was still on the coaches’ radar until his move across the channel last summer.
youtube user ratbag nomad, one man, referred to as australianwidefishingguide, shows tourists how it's done.	the video, filmed from a vehicle on an empty dirt road in the bush, shows the guide lying down on his back and kicking his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus in the distance.	it's thought to be an old aboriginal trick to catch an emu - a bird whose meat was highly valued for its oils.
tottenham have registered their interest in marseille star andre ayew.	the forward is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season.	spurs are facing stiff competition in the race to land ayew.
tim sherwood hinted on monday that if ramsey's tenure at loftus road proves short-lived, he is up there with the very best coaches i have ever seen.	sherwood was responsible for the club's youth and under 21 programmes in 2008.	they were always together, forming an alliance after tottenham chairman daniel levy made sherwood responsible for tottenham hotspur staff ferdinand.	they will be in opposing dug-outs at villa park, trying to lead their teams away from relegation danger.
mauricio pochettino might have given up hope of qualifying for the champions league.	the 21-year-old became the youngest premier league captain this season.	spurs are now seven points behind manchester city, who play crystal palace.	kane has 29 club goals under pochettino this season.
raheem sterling may hold all the cards in his contract dispute with liverpool.	redknapp says sterling is not ready to move to the likes of real madrid at this stage of his career, so should stay at the club who have helped him develop so far.	redknapp insists that sterling is as strong as ever despite the disputes.
brendan rodgers insists raheem sterling is as strong as ever.	brendan rodgers has never said he wants to leave the club according to his manager, despite his contract dispute.	sterling has not yet signed a new contract.
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be after the england youngster revealed this week that he had rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at anfield.	owen, like sterling, started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004.	liverpool are all said to be interested in the hottest property in english football.
jose mourinho has fanned the flames of raheem sterling's contract stand-off with liverpool by insisting he would sell any player who wanted to leave his club.	liverpool boss brendan rodgers is adamant sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window.	arsenal are also keen on the england international.
arsenal's olivier giroud and arsene wenger have been named as the barclays premier league player and manager of the month for march.	the gunners are now a point behind second-placed manchester city with eight games remaining.	olivier giroud and arsene wenger are the premier league player and manager of the month.
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool.	the 20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday.	he has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool.
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his cheshire home.	he was informed by sir alex ferguson that he was being sold to lazio.	rodgers remains confident that sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer.
dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves.	the women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to dove.	unbeknownst to the women, those criticisms, negative remarks and tirades of self body-shaming were turned into a script.
twin 18-month-old boys were pronounced dead at a hospital in yuma, arizona.	the boys are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on friday in yuma, arizona.	detectives investigating the case believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and do n't suspect foul play.
roy emerson, 78, owns 28 major singles and doubles championships.	he is a fan of associated tennis professionals (atp) world tour 250 events and lives in the houston area with his wife barbara.	bush, 90, fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday morning in wembley.	imam described as' the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet', had gun wounds to the chest.	he was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace.
gang of fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to dump industrial waste.	it is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to transport the rubbish to the roadside.	the gang piled up the rubbish, which includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries.
residents in the stratford district were named as among the best recyclers in england.	council chiefs in stratford-upon-avon were left red-faced after a leaflet promoting recycling... could not itself be recycled.	stratford district council was in the top ten councils for recycling and composting for the second year running.
cody somehow found himself stuck in the bog in belvedere, south-east london.	it was hardly becher's brook - one of aintree's most notorious fences.	cody has been taken back to the stables to be seen by a vet.
mark o'meara rolled back the years with one of the standout rounds of the day to make the cut at the masters for the first time in 10 years.	the 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second, including three in four holes on the front nine, saw him card a 68 on day two and ensured he will still be in the running at the weekend.	o'meara is the third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind tom watson.
paul sturrock experienced a baptism of fire at yeovil, as they were relegated for the second consecutive time in his first game in charge - two days after he got the job.	the 58-year-old has been promoted five times as a manager but yeovil’s hollis headed into his own net to give the hosts the lead but the visitors, in new boss ricardo moniz’s first match, equalised through garry thompson.	garry thompson's equaliser condemned the glovers to back-to-back relegations.
manchester city have apologised to supporters and promised to hand out ticket refunds after coaches they laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick-off at crystal palace.	the premier league champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the bank holiday evening clash at selhurst park.	palace's south london home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start.
robbie fowler is already among the names of the best premier league strikers of all time.	the former liverpool, leeds and manchester city hitman broke on to the scene as a goalscoring sensation at anfield in 1993 and would go on to win 26 caps with england.	fowler seemed to snub premier league players when picking his centre-backs and although hierro had a spell at bolton in his twilight years.
perth glory fans set off a flare during the round 25 a-league match between the perth glory and sydney fc.	the 16-year-old boy, from bicton, has been charged with grievous bodily harm and will appear in perth children's court on may 6.	he will appear before the perth children’s court on may 6.
john singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales.	the property offers wide open plan living areas leading onto an undercover front balcony.	singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007.
stunning shots make up the short-list for the wisden–mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014, which was won by getty photographer matthew lewis.	his image of dwayne bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss australia’s james faulkner during last year’s icc world twenty20 competition in bangladesh.	but portraits of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in kent.
eagle scout brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn, new york, home on february 17, but did n't come back.	his family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language.	but police said friday his body had been discovered at marine park golf club, just two miles from his home.
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta, canada, switching on an electric keyboard with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes.	footage shows her plonking front paws down along the keyboard, as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool.
darron gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal.	roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape.	gibson has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months.
roberto martinez has ruled darron gibson out of the rest of the season.	everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers.	martinez was hopeful that gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign.
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in ortford, kent.	long tailbacks closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist.	but during the hour-long delay today, kent police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road.
bradley neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first masters.	the 19-year-old is being tipped for huge things when he does turn pro by no less a star than world no 1 rory mcilroy.	neil earned his invitation to the masters at carnoustie last year.
bradley neil admitted he needed to give himself a' kick up the arse' after missing the cut on his masters debut at augusta national.	the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par.	he did at least sign off in style with a birdie on the 18th.
englishman willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preacher's son facing a bogey or worse.	willett was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey, though he spoke to reporters about 30 minutes later.	willett was left frustrated with a rules official for getting in his line-of-sight during his round.
rory mcilroy and phil mickelson go out in the penultimate group on friday.	the world no 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71 but finished seven shots behind first-round leader jordan spieth.	mcilroy must hope for the early runners to drop shots as he's scheduled to go out.
andy murray's fiancee kim sears watches on in the heat in miami during his semi-final.	he will face long-time rival novak djokovic in the final in miami on sunday.	murray's fiancee kim sears in dunblane on saturday and win or lose on sunday.
mercedes boss toto wolff claims the champions will keep calm and carry on.	mercedes chief toto wolff claims the champions will just keep calm.	mercedes will look into reasons why the team was beaten into second and third in malaysia.
ferrari technical director james allison believes mercedes are again likely to lead the way in china this weekend.	fears of another season of domination from mercedes were blown away by a shock, yet deserved victory for sebastian vettel last time out in malaysia.	vettel won the second race of the season with victory in malaysia.
tom croft has received a huge lift at the start of his latest long journey back to fitness by securing a new deal at leicester.	the club future of the england and lions flanker appeared to be in doubt last month when his cruel injury jinx struck again.	croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the tigers’ victory over newcastle and was left facing six months of rehabilitation.
saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after bath, northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup.	clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout reigning premiership champions and runaway leaders saints, whose director of rugby jim mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the english and french leagues.
richie gray will be sold to the highest bidder if castres are relegated from the top 14.	gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down, with fellow scotland internationals johnnie beattie and max evans also expected to leave.
tom poynton, 25, missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father keith died last april.	the former england under-19 international had to undergo an ankle operation but he made his playing comeback during derbyshire's pre-season tour of abu dhabi.	he will be available for the start of the season and has now committed himself to the county until the end of the 2016 season.
mike ashley has seized hold of more treasured assets will worry the ibrox faithful.	rangers have promised to probe claims mike ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges.	reports emerged suggesting the newcastle owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks.
cristiano ronaldo will start for real madrid against eibar on saturday.	the portuguese was booked after being brought down by rayo defender antonio amaya inside the box, incurring a one-game suspension in the process.	but ronaldo is now free to start at the bernabeu after la liga's appeals committee decided to appeal the yellow card for their star forward.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at selhurst park on monday night.	jason puncheon curls his free kick over the city wall and into the far corner to put palace 2-0 ahead.	wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as united beat crystal palace 1-0.
zlatan ibrahimovic was not content with simply breaking the 100 goals barrier.	the 33-year-old added another two to make it a hat-trick on the night.	he now trails only former portugal forward pedro pauleta in the all-time record books.
sergio aguero has scored six goals in a manchester derby meetings.	the argentine forward has scored six times against united.	the argentine believes united striker radamel falcao is one of the most gifted players in world football.
roman outfit clinched a spot in the final of the coppa italia on wednesday.	they will now face juventus in the coppa final on june 7.	lazio defender mauricio captures the celebrations of the lazio supporters using a selfie stick.
real madrid midfielder james rodriguez is' worth his weight in gold'.	los blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when he's been missing.	the 23-year-old is also described as' the jewel in real madrid's crown'.
eden hazard believes chelsea have the premier league title in their grasp.	hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy's winner in saturday's 2-1 win over stoke which saw the blues take a seven-point lead at the top of the standings.	jose mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 at the german cup.	pep guardiola believes the team is shackled by the absence of franck ribery and arjen robben.	robben was ruled out for around two months with a stomach muscle tear at the end of march.
hector bellerin has enjoyed a superb breakthrough year at arsenal this season.	the 20-year-old right back left the catalan giants four years ago.	but now barca fans are keen for the spaniard to return to the nou camp.
david luiz has taken the phrase' twiddling my hair' literally judging by the injured paris saint-germain star's latest instagram post.	psg defender is out for at least four weeks after scans revealed that the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring in sunday's 3-2 win at ligue 1 title rivals marseille.	it seems that boredom has already kicked into the usually jovial brazilian as he sported a new hairdo on wednesday.
virat kohli lead the royal challengers bangalore to their first title.	sportsmail tells you all you need to know in our guide to the 2015 indian premier league as india prepares for the spectacular cricket roadshow.
christian benteke's hat-trick secured a vital point for aston villa.	sportsmail's laurie whitwell takes us through the player ratings from tuesday night's match at villa park... aston villa 4-4-2 (diamond).	here, sportsmail's laurie whitwell takes us through the player's match at villa park.
tim sherwood has branded aston villa’s stars' icing on the cake'.	sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert relegation crisis.	he said tuesday night's clash is the most important of his managerial career.
jack wilshere, mikel arteta and abou diaby have all been handed starts for the club's under 21s game on tuesday night.	jack wilshere is also in the team to play against stoke city at the emirates.	wilshere has been out of action since november.
arsenal take on stoke city at the emirates stadium on tuesday night.	jack wilshere, mikel arteta and abou diaby are set to feature for arsenal under 21s on tuesday night.	club captain mikel arteta should also feature against stoke city at the emirates.
liam treadwell has been booked for the ride on michael scudamore-trained monbeg dude in saturday’s crabbie’s grand national.	the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys, tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides.	scudamore rides soll for his boss david pipe and carberry, who rode monbeg dude to be seventh in last year’s national.
alastair cook insists he is' refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical.	england captain has had a taste already of what is to come, first of all in three caribbean tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to new zealand.
kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback.	gooch appeared on bbc radio five live on sunday morning.	gooch, the former england captain who also worked as the national side's batting coach until last year, went as far as saying pietersen had' wiped the floor with the ecb'.
kevin pietersen has hinted the first chapter of his county comeback could be streamed live to fans.	the divisive batsman has not played in the lv= county championship since 2013 but is set to start the season with the brown caps in the hope of turning the selectors' heads and reversing last year's controversial sacking.	pietersen wants to end his england absence that started after the 2013-14 ashes whitewash.
nabil fekir's father believes arsenal would be the ideal destination for his son.	the young lyon star has been attracting interest from premier league clubs but the frontman's father does not want him to sit on the bench at man city.	fekir's father said:' he loves to play, he does not like to be replaced'.
barcelona's 1-0 la liga victory against celta vigo featured one of the most bizarre incidents of the season so far.	barcelona midfielder fabian orellana collects a lump of grass from the ground before throwing it towards sergio busquets.	referee inaki vicandi garrido decided the incident was enough to warrant and straight red card and promptly gave orellana his marching orders.
manchester city are confident uefa’s punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will be lifted this summer.	manuel pellegrini has been hampered over the past year by uefa restricting them to a net transfer spend of £49million in each window and keeping the club’s overall wage bill to its current level of £205million-a-year.	manuel pellegrini was talking like a man excited at the prospect of signing' crack' players this summer.
jose mourinho had placed the barclays premier league’s joint-top goalscorer on standby for this match.	the £32million striker was required to stop chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals.	mourinho, who went on to defend throwing costa on.
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off to claim her second ana inspiration crown after a dramatic end to the lpga's opening major of the year in california.	lincicome looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow american lewis on nine under par.
sean dyche has impressed in the premier league this season.	sean dyche has been linked to jobs with newcastle and sunderland.	dyche has been impressed with dyche's work in the premier league.
jordan henderson is not ready to give up on liverpool's champions league.	the 24-year-old scored a penalty at the emirates on saturday.	it was not enough as liverpool fell to a 4-1 thrashing at the hands of arsenal.	henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league.
tim sherwood and chris ramsey know each other inside out.	they also know how their careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at villa park.	careers of tim sherwood and chris ramsey could be shaped by 90 minutes on tuesday.
darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 appearances for derby county.	paul lambert and steve mcclaren took the chance to add the experienced striker to his line-up on loan until the end of the campaign.	darren bent has nine goals in 13 games for the rams.
tim sherwood has urged aston villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals qpr the club's' biggest game' for years.	sherwood admitting he does not have the players to grind out results.	sherwood is without alan hutton, ashley westwood and scott sinclair while tom cleverley, kieran richardson and aly cissokho are doubts.
sean dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with derby.	dyche has been tipped to replace former england manager steve mcclaren.	dyche has retained the support of the burnley fans throughout the season.
gary cahill has backed captain john terry to shrug off a hostile reception.	it was on the same ground in 2011 that terry was caught up in a race controversy with ex-qpr defender anton ferdinand, later cleared in court of racially abusing the player.	terry's former central defensive partner with england has called him the' biggest idiot' in the past for the way he handled the racism row.
clint hill reckons the pressure is on qpr's relegation rivals and insists rangers can survive if they keep their cool.	hill scored his first barclays premier league goal in tuesday's 3-3 draw at aston villa.	rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the premier league table.
chris ramsey and tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league.	chris ramsey believes his friend and neighbour tim sherwood will keep them up.	ramsey says if he' was a betting man, which we’re not allowed to do'.
tony fernandes spoke of his despair after his queens park rangers team twice threw away a lead against aston villa.	rangers chairman watching the scenes at villa park from afar on his iphone.	fernandes, currently in malaysia, spoke of his experience while watching the game from the other side of the world.
jose mourinho will play nemanja matic and cesc fabregas.	jose mourinho insists his midfield twosome will play at loftus road.	the pair are both just one booking away from a two-game ban.	nemanja matic would miss games against arsenal and manchester united.
wallace, the chelsea defender on-loan at vitesse arnhem, has been released without charge after being questioned by police on ‘ suspicion of a sexual offence’.	the 20-year-old, who has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan since he signed for chelsea in january 2013, was with vitesse’s squad for their trip to excelsior and fined by the dutch club.	wallace is on a season-long loan at vitesse.
eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places, even with just five games left to play of the regular season.	here are eight players - one from bournemouth, norwich, watford, middlesbrough, derby, wolves, brentford and ipswich.	it was the scotland international's £400,000 move to bournemouth from swindon.
melissa wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history.	the women’s crews will battle the same thames course as the men, who will follow an hour later.	after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators.
the oxford university women's boat race team were rescued from the thames by the royal national lifeboat institution.	crew members from the chiswick rnli station came to the assistance of the oxford crew and their cox, who were training for the boat race which takes place on saturday, april 11.	after the rowers were returned safely to putney, the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford's base.
wasps will appeal against the three-week ban issued to nathan hughes.	but their protest will not enable the back row to play in sunday's champions cup quarter-final against toulon.	wasps are set to appeal the three-match ban handed to no 8 nathan hughes for knocking out george north.
george north has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least one month off after suffering his third concussion in four months playing for northampton.	the wales and lions wing will be reassessed at the end of april and could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if specialist consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action.	saints medics will monitor his progress throughout the stand-down period.
george north out of their game against clermont auvergne on saturday.	the wales and lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club ahead of the biggest game of their season to date following his third alarming head injury in the space of two months.	northampton have ruled out winger george north for the game against clermont auvergne on saturday.
hull fc beat widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last june.	tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as hull fc beat widnes 22-8.	tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as super league's most prolific finisher in 2015.
kevin sinfield's retirement as they claimed a 26-12 derby victory over castleford in front of a sell-out crowd at the mend-a-hose jungle.	the first utility super league leaders were without their inspirational captain, who this week announced he is to switch codes at the end of 2015, for the third successive game on good friday, but they continue to thrive without him.	ryan hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career in a frenetic opening but castleford failed to take advantage and it was the rhinos who struck first as joel moon scored his first try of the season.
jacob fairbank is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage while on loan at halifax.	the 25-year-old was injured in halifax's victory over hunslet on easter monday.	scans have left him facing an extensive rehabilitation period.
jonathan trott prepared for his first test appearance since leaving the ashes tour in turmoil 18 months ago with back-to-back failures in st kitts.	trott, who looks sure to open with alastair cook in the first test against west indies in antigua on monday, fell for just two, top-edging an attempted pull against a st kitts side bolstered by england bowlers liam plunkett and mark wood.	it follows his third-ball duck at the hands of his england team-mate jimmy anderson but trott at least made 72 on the first of what became four practice days instead of proper matches in st kitts.
ben stokes starred with the ball on the first day of england's warm-up match in st kitts, but it was the runs of alastair cook and jonathan trott that pleased him most.	england dominated against a modest st kitts & nevis xi, dismissing them for a paltry 59 inside 27 overs and then compiling 181 for one in reply.	stokes still impressed with a lively spell that yielded three wickets for 10.
richie benaud revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head.	benaud had been driving his beloved car - a 1963 sunbeam alpine - back from hitting practice golf balls at the australian golf club in sydney when he lost control and hit a parked car and then a small brick fence.	he was hospitalised with shoulder, spinal and chest injuries and a broken sternum.
loic remy scored his second consecutive winner in the 2-1 win over stoke.	jose mourinho praised the professionalism and scoring ability of remy.	but mourinho refused to let the injury dampen the significance of the win.
cameron thomas philp was passing a crime scene at highgate hill in brisbane on may 3, 2013 when he graffitied and spat on the side of the vehicle.	mr philp fronted brisbane magistrates court on friday and pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property.	he was fined $300 but avoided a conviction, reports courier mail.
louis smith, 25, is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the' belfie', kim kardashian.	yes, louis smith, mbe, is now also very good at exciting his fans with selfies.
cressida bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single.	she says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince harry.	but she says in a new interview to promote her role as mulberry’s new muse.
u.s. army national guardsman has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects' on the basis of their color'.	he explains how he was pulling out of lexington county courthouse on wednesday, to make a left turn, when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane.	moments later, he was stopped by the cop for' improper use of the median'.	he then explained the proper use of the median to mr stack, telling him it' needs to be open for emergency vehicles'.
kevin pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate michael vaughan as the right man to' change the brand of cricket currently being played' in england.	the 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ecb, preferring to focus on his burgeoning media profile and business interests.	pietersen received the lion's share of attention during a photocall for his new club surrey.
kevin pietersen can resurrect his test career and prove axed england boss paul downton was wrong to sack him last year.	surrey paceman tremlett believes england and wales cricket board managing director downton's departure on wednesday night opens the door for controversial batsman pietersen's return.	south africa-born pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since june 2013 after agreeing a new deal with surrey.
alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england cricket following the sacking on wednesday of managing director paul downton.	stewart, who played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey, has not yet been approached by the ecb.
kyle walker has not broken his foot following a scan on tuesday.	there were fears the england defender may have fractured his right foot after taking a hefty blow from a collision with kieran trippier.	results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture.
arsene wenger has quite a few of the gongs now - 14 to be exact.	the frenchman's reward for their good form was another manager of the month award.	wenger has quite a long way to run until he matches the 27 monthly prizes of sir alex ferguson.
francis coquelin is determined to take his chance at arsenal.	the frenchman has thrived in the centre of arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at championship side charlton.	vieira was captain during arsenal's trophy laden beginning to arsene wenger's reign.
tim sherwood will move for chris ramsey if the queens park rangers manager leaves qpr this summer.	the pair forged a close bond during their time together at tottenham and sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at villa park.	ramsey took over as qpr manager until the end of the season.
jeanetta riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint on the evening of july 8, 2014.	the troubled native american woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old shane, following threats she made to kill herself, according to the guardian.	jeanetta is heard in an exchange with officers as they repeatedly tell her to put the knife down but she refuses before a commotion is heard and they shoot her.
dina talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the confederation of african football's (caf) ordinary general assembly in cairo.	but delegates from the country including khaled abdel aziz, egyptian minister of youth and sports, stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance.	the ceremony on april 6 was attended by world football officials including fifa president sepp blatter.
mother-of-three georgina rojas-medina, 41, was shot and killed by her husband, gerardo tovar, 44.	neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on saturday.	officers responded to a home in the 1600 block of capistrano street, where they found the front door open and discovered a 41-year-old woman who had been fatally shot.
todd phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone, who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel.	phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone, who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel.
dr seuss created magical worlds with playful rhymes and illustrations.	the storys are bound together with metal sticks and unusual platforms.	it seemed unfathomable to dr seuss fans that a real life version could be created.
the findings come after the general secretary of the national association of head teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-it classes.	research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices.	shared ipad students scored around 30 points higher than students who used the device on their own and non-ipad users.
right-handed reliever john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the rockies game on sunday.	his son jameson, left, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment.	his son john axford, right, has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the colorado rockies.
the four-seater plane is believed to have come down near hatten, oldenburg.	the male pilot was killed in the crash on autobahn 28 near hatten, germany.	one man, believed to have been co-piloting the cessna 172, is in a' serious condition'.	the cause of the crash is yet unclear, and police are expected to launch.
manchester city captain vincent kompany insists financial fair play regulations protect elite clubs rather than helping teams avoid going bust.	premier league champions were last year deemed to have breached ffp regulations.	kompany has guided city to pick up two premier league titles, a fa cup and the capital one cup in the past four seasons.
secret cameras at an east london pub showed that men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues than the weekend's football matches.	relationship issues and sexual problems are also high on the agenda for discussion down the boozer.
lewis moody, danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.	poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing.	but the stars played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated a safe return from their epic endeavour to raise money for the lewis moody foundation.
daphne benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the' no fuss' approach is the way the former test captain would have wanted it.	the private service for benaud, who died on friday aged 84, will take place this week, news corp reported on sunday.	richie benaud, the legendary commentator described as the' godfather of cricket', passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight on friday, surrounded by his wife daphne and family.
louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united's game with 10 men.	the united boss said:' it was of course an error from me that i give too much minutes to my substitutes.	it is not so wise.	it will come as little consolation to sergio aguero that he reached the 100-goal mark faster than any player in manchester city’s history'.
manchester city crushed manchester city 4-2 at old trafford.	sergio aguero opened the scoring for city but ashley young, marouane fellaini, juan mata and chris smalling all struck.	fellaini has been transformed from a joke figure to a key player during this season at old trafford.
alan stubbs hailed the bravery of his hibs players after they ruined hearts’ easter road title party with a 2-0 derby win.	he saw his side record a win in the edinburgh derby to put hearts' promotion party on hold.	stubbs singled out el alagui for special praise.
diane blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in december last year.	blankenship was detained at her home in tampa, florida, on friday night.	she has been charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery.
police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area in sydney's east.	police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head.
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba, melbourne.	they are all wearing hooded jumpers, gloves and masking their faces, broke into the service station on burwood highway, tecoma in melbourne's outer east on april 2.
clare verrall, 31, was out with her french bulldog dutchy on wednesday evening near her home in prahran, melbourne, when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins.	he attacked her and she was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe from the altercation.	during the fight she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled.
australian artist george gittoes says his 2015 sydney peace prize is welcome recognition that' creativity is the opposite of war'.	the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world.
troy slezak from huntington beach, california, filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home.	footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
visitors to a wildlife park in new zealand got to encounter a pride of lions up-close and personal.	the video shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car.	the lions at orana wildlife park approach the metal cage and begin interacting with the people inside.
the crash occurred at moorabin airport, near melbourne, shortly before noon on saturday.	it is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane, which was idling on the runway.	it is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane.
jose mourinho has thickened up his chelsea midfield for sunday's west london derby.	the chelsea manager has been trialling a formation with ramires and nemanja matic in front of the back four as the league leaders head to loftus road.	mourinho has stuck with the team that it is likely to mean a more advanced role for cesc fabregas.
sebastian vettel reflected on his stunning win for ferrari at the malaysian grand prix.	the four-time world champion shares a friendly discussion with mclaren star jenson button.	ferrari's vettel and britta roeske arrive at the shanghai circuit.
david powell was arrested after detectives were called to her home.	she is due to appear in court today charged with the murder of his 95-year-old mother at her home in doncaster lane, penkhull, stoke-on-trent.	although the body has not yet been identified, she is understood to be his mother celilia powell.
dave doggett, the chairman of cambridge united, believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games.	he said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement.
thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for the occasion.	clearly taking the'chanel-inspired' style guide to heart, many opted for outfits that would n't have been out of place at a wedding - whether as the bride herself.
alassan gobitaca, known as al the jumper, is a swedish guinness world record holder.	his stunt driver, hassan explains his thought process when approaching the stunt and states that he considers both the speed and position of his car.
russian jet' aggressively' intercepted a u.s. rc-135u plane over poland.	pentagon officials have slammed move as' unprofessional' and' unsafe'.	russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception.
alan gordon scored a first-half winner for la galaxy as they got over their nightmare start to the season against seattle sounders.	robbie keane and clint dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury but despite the absence of their irish designated player - who was sat in the stands alongside david beckham, the galaxy were able to find just their second goal of the game after nine minutes, flicking on from a cross that was tipped over the crossbar by jaime pendeo.
eden hazard is reaching the incredible standards of lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo with his ‘ dancing feet’, says graeme souness.	sky sports pundit souness believes hazard, who has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century, will be named the pfa player of the year.	souness compares the rapid belgian with leading world stars such as lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo.
jordan spieth will continue his quest for masters glory when he tees off his third round at augusta at 2:55pm local time (7:55pm bst) on saturday.	the 21-year-old american holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds.	he will be joined in saturday's final pairing by charley hoffman, who is on nine under par.	leading brits justin rose and paul casey will be out a lot earlier in the day at augusta as they both bid to make up ground on their 12-shot deficit to leader spieth.
aljaz bedene claimed a 6-3 6-2 victory over maxime chazal of france on the clay in morocco.	bedene is now the british number two behind andy murray.	bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen in casablanca open qualifying.
lewis hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's chinese grand prix.	mercedes driver, who leads the championship, set the pace as he bids to win his fourth race in china.	hamilton was over half-a-second clear of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg in opening practice.
keanu reeves made no secret of his passion for formula one when visited and sampled the atmosphere at the red bull headquarters in milton keynes.	reeves, who has starred in blockbusters such as the matrix trilogy, has been pictured at grand prix in the past and is a self-confessed petrolhead.	keanu reeves chats to red bull chief technical officer adrian newey at the headquarters in milton keynes.
fernando alonso says he will close the loop on that part of my life.	he says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season.	mclaren have struggled for pace - and with mechanical faults.
sergio perez fears' a very painful year' lies ahead if force india's roll out of their upgraded car roll out this season proves a dud.	the additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team's b-spec model, which is now not due to be unveiled until the austrian grand prix in june.	perez locks his brakes on his way to 10th place finish in the australian grand prix in march.
red bull driver daniel ricciardo to pick up a win or three when the silver arrows ran into trouble.	the red bull driver takes instructions to work on his stance as the formula one circus arrives in shanghai.	ricciardo smiles as he gets to grips with the stance shown to him by the martial artist.
tony mccoy gave a bumper crowd what they were hoping for as he steered jezki to a thumping victory in the grade one aintree hurdle.	his task was made a little more straightforward than it might have been, as arctic fire – the favourite, ridden by ruby walsh – took a crashing fall at the final hurdle at this year's grand national festival on thursday afternoon.	mccoy was able to savour the latest big victory of his glittering career.
saracens flanker jacques burger has been appointed as independent judicial officer.	the complaint was made by match citing commissioner eugene ryan.	jacques burger then catches machenaud after the ball has gone but the player was low to the floor.
tim swiel will return to the club next season on a full-time contract.	swiel, 21, spent four months on loan with quins earlier this term.	the sharks have granted him his release to come back to us on a full-time basis.
charlie hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract he has been striving for over the past decade.	it has been an extraordinary journey for hemphrey from a second xi debut for kent at 15 to his recent status as the first englishman to hit a sheffield shield hundred since john hampshire for tasmania in 1978.
uncapped duo shai hope and carlos brathwaite have been included in a 14-man west indies squad for the first test against england.	the islanders have cut six names from their first training camp under new coach phil simmons.	jason holder, the west indies one-day captain, takes his place in the test squad to face england.
steven finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into england's test squad.	the middlesex seamer admitted he finds it' baffling' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark, vowing to chase an england recall despite missing the west indies tour.
dzhokhar tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the boston marathon.	he kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the boston courtroom.	the jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison.
sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of scheldeprijs on wednesday, but their team sky team-mate elia viviani was not so fortunate.	the italian, who was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish in the cobbled classic, hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground, and went to hospital for x-rays.	wiggins and thomas were part of a strong team sky line-up in the race ; wiggins' penultimate outing for the team ahead of sunday's paris-roubaix.
tim sherwood has warned tottenham hotspur to keep pace with harry kane’s rapid rise or the england striker might one day be too big for the club.	sherwood insisted tottenham need to keep pace with harry kane's progression or risk losing their academy star.	kane was handed his first premier league start for spurs by sherwood 12 months ago.
sunderland host crystal palace at stadium of light on saturday.	sebastian larsson is suspended for crystal palace's clash with crystal palace.	the sweden international will sit out the next two games.
jonas gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at newcastle.	the 31-year-old was the only united player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at sunderland.	it was gutierrez’s first start for the magpies in 20 months having twice beaten testicular cancer.
sam allardyce has outlined his ambitions to qualify for the europa league next season.	the top three nations in uefa's rankings qualify for the premier league fair play table.	west ham manager sam allardyce has outlined his ambition to qualify for the europa league next season.
stuart mccall urged rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure and maintain belief in their promotion push.	the ibrox side crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at palmerston as derek lyle, gavin reilly and a lee wallace own goal gave queen of the south’s play-off hopes a massive boost.	mccall, who expects cammy bell to be fit to face raith after a minor knee injury.
neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest instagram offering certainly proves that his footballing brain never stops as he shows off an array of skills out of hours.	dressed in just his shorts the former santos man uses his quick feet to juggle the ball as a friend.	neymar will be hoping to show off some of that trickery when barcelona travel to the ramon sanchez pizjuan stadium for their latest la liga battle against sevilla.
sir alex ferguson factor vanished from old trafford when he retired in 2013.	the last time united won a derby at home was in 2011 when wayne rooney’s late spectacular acrobatic goal earned them a 2-1 victory.	united sit above city in the premier league table for the first time since november 2013.
manuel pellegrini is braced for a ferocious derby clash at old trafford this weekend.	the fading barclays premier league champions take on manchester united on sunday.	manuel pellegrini said:' it is difficult to have a more intense match than you have in the premier league every week'.
president frederic thiriez has been asked to resign by bastia president pierre-marie geronimi.	the bastia players look dejected after their league cup final defeat to paris saint germain on saturday.	sweden international zlatan ibrahimovic scored twice and opened the scoring from the spot in the first half.
vincent nogueira scored in stoppage time and philadelphia beat new york city fc 2-1.	nyc goalkeeper josh saunders collided with conor casey inside the 6-yard box defending a cross and nogueira toe-poked it home in the 92nd minute.	sebastien le toux beat his defender, dribbled to the goal-line and fed it across to pfeffer.
stefano pioli told his players to keep their feet on the ground.	the biancoceleste are riding a seven-game winning streak in serie a and won 1-0.	lazio are one point adrift of city rivals roma with nine games remaining.
roberto vitiello hopes the sicilian outfit can improve its dismal form.	the islanders have not tasted victory away from home since november 2.	roberto vitiello feels his side need to start winning away from home.	udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of palermo.
crystal palace beat manchester city 1-0 at selhurst park on monday night.	glenn murray jumps for joy after putting crystal palace 1-0 up.	barcelona and spain defender gerard pique once conceded three against murray in a reserve match in 2005.
glenn murray fired palace on the way to a 2-1 win over manchester city.	jason puncheon crashed in a superb second to deal what looks to be a fatal blow to city's already slim hopes of retaining their crown.	manchester city appealed for offside but murray's first-half goal stood on monday night.
carlo ancelotti is facing a midfield selection conundrum for wednesday's la liga match across town at rayo vallecano as the european champions look to keep up the pressure on leaders barcelona.	second-placed real, who hammered granada 9-1 on sunday with portugal forward cristiano ronaldo's five-star performance is hailed in the monday edition of the spanish sports daily as' the man in the bag' ran the headline on the front cover of monday's edition of marca.	real madrid coach carlo ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of wednesday's match with rayo.
fernando hierro believes real madrid are capable of winning a second champions league.	carlo ancelotti's men meet city rivals atletico madrid in the quarter-finals.	fernando hierro believes real madrid can win the champions league.
cristiano ronaldo was in unstoppable form as carlo ancelotti's men beat granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive on sunday.	real madrid star was in unstoppable form for the first time in his illustrious career.	real madrid beat celta vigo 1-0 courtesy of jeremy mathieu's diving header.
gareth bale treated himself to a bbq after his earlier exploits.	the welsh wizard was in fine form for his country during the international break, scoring twice and assisting another in an impressive win victory in israel.	gareth bale tweeted:' unbelievable result this afternoon, great team performance.
west ham have picked up just 11 points in the barclays premier league.	the club have already beaten last year’s total by two points with seven games to spare.	sam allardyce has told west ham co-owner david sullivan not judge his side on 2015's results.
manchester united face manchester united at old trafford (old trafford).	vincent kompany is doubtful for sunday's derby against manchester united.	kompany has scored four goals in his last three premier league games.
chris smalling took a trip down memory lane as the 25-year-old went back to his old judo club.	photos of the visit, during which he presented some members with replica united jerseys, were posted on the international judo federation's official twitter account alongside a flashback picture of smalling as a youngster.	smalling was at one stage named national judo champion for his age group.
manchester united manager louis van gaal has praised the resurrection of marouane fellaini as the big belgian prepares to play in the fixture that marked the low point of his old trafford career 12 months ago.	manchester united manager louis van gaal has praised the rebirth of resurrection marouane fellaini.	fellaini was substituted in a 3-0 united defeat that proved the deathknell to the manager who signed him, david moyes.	united have won five league games in a row and are in third place.
wayne rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the manchester derby.	neither side know that a defeat could see them slip out of contention.	the two sides are locked in a battle with arsenal for the second automatic champions league.
queens park rangers host chelsea at loftus road.	qpr will not welcome back any of their injured players in time to face west london rivals chelsea on sunday.	qpr will be without experienced defender richard dunne for the west london derby.
jose mourinho has lauded chelsea's consistency as his side bid to wrap up a wire-to-wire premier league victory.	jose mourinho knows the premier league - a championship more competitive than italy's serie a or spain's primera division.	mourinho added:' to be top of the league since day one shows consistency, stability, confidence and a brave approach to every game'.
chris ramsey believes sunday's west london derby is more crucial to his side than it is to title-chasing chelsea.	jose mourinho's blues visit loftus road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the premier league crown.	ramsey feels chelsea's lead at the top means the game takes on extra significance.
kaka wrote on instagram:' the greater your effort, the greater your earnings'.	orlando city midfielder shows off his gym routine in a picture posted to his official instagram account.	kaka gets away from dc united's perry kitchen during orlando's 1-0 home defeat to dc united last week.
bristol city will become the first football league club to win promotion this season should they beat bradford on tuesday night.	the league one leaders managed to come away from second-placed preston north end unscathed, drawing 1-1 thanks to aaron wilbraham’s equaliser after jermaine beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour.	steve cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston on saturday.
steve cotterill could be just a week away from putting bristol city back into the championship.	the 50-year-old needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion of a career that has been mostly spent rescuing clubs from relegation.	in front of a sold-out ashton gate, city took revenge for a bitterly fought 1-0 defeat back in november.
wigan chairman david sharpe is adamant the decision to axe malky mackay in favour of rookie boss gary caldwell less than 24 hours later was the right call.	wigan chairman david sharpe is confident he has made the right appointment in caldwell.	mackay left the club languishing in the sky bet championship relegation zone.
jason cummings and farid el alagui sealed a 2-0 win over hearts.	jason cummings found the net from close range after 30 minutes.	hearts improved after the break but hibs sealed the win in the first minute of injury time.
dani alves keeps a close eye on almeria midfielder edgar mendez during barca's game on wednesday.	alves has been unable to agree a new deal with the catalan club and will leave the nou camp this summer.	alves has been linked with manchester united and manchester city.
dani alves has been offered a new barcelona deal according to the player's agent, dinorah santana.	the full-back's contract expires in the summer with manchester united and liverpool.	alves has been linked with a move away from the nou camp.
sky's geraint thomas had to settle for 14th place in an incident-packed tour of flanders.	norwegian alexander kristoff took victory in a sprint finish with holland's niki terpstra.	he was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in e3 harelbeke and third-place finish.
crystal palace boss alan pardew joked glenn murray has a' bionic' knee.	the 31-year-old has netted five goals in five games since returning from a knee injury.	pardew believes he is reaping rewards from a loan spell with reading.
dashem tesfamichael, 30, is seen in the 50-second clip captured on a banned mobile phone as he dances outside his cell with other inmates at coldingley prison in surrey.	he clutches a glass of the homemade illegal brew in the clip, which also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.	tesfamichael tesfamichael, then 23 and living in camden, north london, made his getaway in a mercedes before fleeing to italy and then miami, u.s., before he was killed.
decades of cheap package holidays mean thousands of retired people every year are paying with their health for sunburn they experienced in their youth.	according to cancer research uk, men aged 65 and over are around ten times more likely to develop serious skin cancer.
dave tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum - when the star is at its most active during its 11 year cycle.	the 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system.	tyler first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the bbc's sky at night in 1957.
a video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe, the jungfrau.	the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively.	the train turns right to enter another tunnel and plunges back into darkness before re-emerging next to even more skiers.
cheeky monkey was captured on camera snatching a banana from a female tourist before slapping her gopro when she got too close.	grabbing it in both hands, the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin, which he leaves with the lady.
steve harmison seems to be doing a fine job with ashington afc.	former england bowler has won seven on the spin with his club side.	john carver says he has invited harmison to training to catch a glimpse of his favourite team, who are reeling from a 1-0 derby day defeat to sunderland at the stadium of light.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday.	louis van gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning man united into champions league.	united needed to be dining from european football's top table again.
paul casey was at home in arizona when the matter was decided last sunday.	he admitted he went through all sorts of agonies as his augusta fate swung back and forth.	casey, who made the last of his eight masters appearances in 2012, is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the masters.
padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the houston open in texas.	the irishman practices during the pro-am before the start of the houston open in florida.	he ended up winning his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship.
steele lapped up the adulation, entertaining 4,000 behind one goal of the dw stadium at which the rams wrapped up three crucial points.	derby's players celebrate after chris martin's goal gave them the lead in the second half.
rotherham and brighton moved to the aes seal new york stadium.	david stockdale is unable to stop derbyshire's near post effort after a good cross by jordan bowery.	matt derbyshire gets to the ball first to apply the finish.
eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season.	the 25-year-old opened the scoring in saturday’s 4-1 win over west brom.	scans have since revealed vargas sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury.
ander herrera has expressed his desire to remain at old trafford.	the spaniard has come through a testing first six months in english football.	louis van gaal did not rate the £29million summer signing from athletic bilbao.
kenny jackett’s team moved into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory after david edwards, the substitute, headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game.	pre-match results had offered wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone, then watch out for wolves.	wolves substitute david edwards races away in celebration after scoring a late winner.
brendan rodgers has claimed there is no crisis at anfield.	brendan rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats.	rodgers has a laugh with coach mike marsh ahead of the fa cup quarter-final replay at ewood park.
chelsea and tottenham hotspur missed out on the opportunity to narrow gap to under 21 league leaders manchester united after playing out a goalless draw at wheatsheaf park.	spurs went into the game at staines town sitting sixth in the league but victory would have taken them joint top with the red devils.	spurs looking more likely to break the deadlock in the second half following a first period dominated by chelsea.
mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez.	the mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath.	orlando have a big latin-american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal.
referee german delfino awarded a penalty to velez sarsfield.	daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area.	ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor and informed delfino via his earpiece.
charlie daniels fires home from the edge of the box to seal the win.	yann kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback.	south coast club had not conceded the first goal at dean court.
bradley johnson's season to remember continued as norwich recorded a 2-0 win over sheffield wednesday to move into the sky bet championship's top two for the first time since october.	the midfielder netted his 12th and 13th goals of the season late in the first half to settle a scrappy encounter.	norwich should now fancy their chances of going on to complete a swift return to the top flight, with excellent form behind them and a favourable run of fixtures between now and the end of the season.
real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas showed his softer side by comforting a young fan who was hit by a wayward shot during his side's 9-1 win over granada.	casillas handed the supporter his real madrid shirt during the half-time interval after previously making sure the injured fan was ok.	casillas' kind gesture came during one of the easiest 90 minutes he has had during his prestigious career in the spanish capital.
former afl star ben cousins left court with smug smirk on his face following a morning spent in handcuffs and in police custody before he fronted court.	cousins smiled as he left fremantle magistrates court, despite the magistrate labelling him' a risk to the public' and warning him that he now faces a jail term for the' serious' offences he has committed.	cousins handed himself in to police after failing to make a court appearance over driving charges.
manchester city have laid on free coaches to take their supporters to london.	the move was made after tv scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
ashley young was in attendance as crawley town took on oldham athletic.	the england international's younger sibling plays for crawley as a winger or striker and started their game against the latics.	crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from league one but young was a good omen for the club as they were 2-0 up at half-time.
jordan henderson is seeking a new contract worth £100,000 per week.	the club's vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but he is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract.	talks over a new deal are well underway and henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per year.
malky mackay's bid to rescue his managerial career was left in tatters on monday night.	the 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman david sharpe after the latics lost 2-0 at home against derby county.	mackay was handed the job by former owner dave whelan back in november to a backdrop of an fa investigation into a shocking series of text messages, exposed by sportsmail.
mick mccarthy was feeling less vibrant than his team's bright orange strip after they blew a chance to climb into the play-off places.	the tractor boys, who have now lost four of their last five away games, were caught cold by goals in the opening 30 minutes by huddersfield strike pair nahki wells and james vaughan.	mccarthy responded by making two changes at half-time and was rewarded when luke varney reduced arrears earlier in the second period.	james vaughan doubled the lead for the home side and dent ipswich's play-off hopes.
arsene wenger has played a vital role in arsenal's late push for the premier league title.	wenger had all but given up on coquelin when he was sent on loan to charlton before christmas.	spanish full-back bellerin scored his second arsenal goal against liverpool.
odion ighalo's shot flies into the top corner of dimi' konstantopoulos' net on 65 minutes.	watford rose and middlesbrough fell.	they gifted troy deeney his 20th goal of the season and they contributed significantly to odion ighalo scoring his 19th in the second half.
cristiano ronaldo scored five, including a eight-minute first-half hat-trick.	real madrid beat granada 9-1.	cristiano ronaldo's five goals included an eight-minute first-half hat-trick.	real madrid bounced back from their el clasico defeat by barcelona.
manuel pellegrini believes the club may need to splash out again this summer.	manuel pellegrini has said manchester city must sign a' crack' player.	pellegrini recently spoke of a need to sign a' crack' player.
the crew of a turkish airlines flight are being investigated after they allowed turkish football team captain arda turan into the cockpit so he could use the tannoy to congratulate his team-mates.	he was celebrating after the team's 2-1 victory against luxembourg and had gone to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the pa system last week.	but after the move was reported in turkish media, turkish aviation officials in the country's civilian aviation directorate said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital luxembourg city.
lionel messi, neymar and luis suarez is a star-studded strike force that almost every team in the world would dearly love to have, but when the going gets tough, barcelona turn to jeremy mathieu and gerard pique.	the french centre-back flung himself through the air to reach xavi's free kick at the back post, heading home from close range, finally breaching celta vigo's stern defence.	it was mathieu who had opened the scoring in the el clasico, in similar fashion.	celta vigo goalkeeper alvarez conde is unable to stop the powerful header from mathieu.
cristiano ronaldo was back to his brilliant, unplayable best as he scored five goals in real madrid's 9-1 rout of granada on sunday afternoon.	the portuguese superstar has now scored 11 times in just eight matches.
brendan rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four.	brendan rodgers knows he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a champions league campaign.	rodgers starts the week seven points adrift of the champions league places with fourth-placed manchester city.
kevin pietersen is pictured leaving the oval for the first time since resigning for surrey last month.	the 34-year-old returned to nets on monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month.	pietersen managed a wry smile as he drove away after training on monday afternoon.
tijuana star juan arango conjured memories luis suarez in his team's 4-3 defeat by monterrey in the mexican league.	venezuelan icon arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of jesus zavela as his temper flared in the defeat.	he was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban.
barcelona stars neymar, dani alves and adriano looked delighted.	the flamboyant brazilians all played their part in helping the catalonian side return home.	dani alves, who's being linked with a move away from the nou camp, also posted a similar picture of the trio.
mamadou sakho is well known for his charity work away from the football field.	liverpool defender appears to be fitting in before his team face blackburn.	sakho wrote next to the picture, tagging his charity, the mamadou sakho association, in the post.
ander herrera has caught the eye in recent weeks after cementing a spot in manchester united's starting line-up but it appears he does not actually have a clear sight at goal.	in fact, six of herrera's seven goals have been scored without him even having to glimpse at either the ball or the opposition's net.	herrera appears to have a history of shooting with his eyes closed as he struck an impressive first-time shot against yeovil in the third round of the fa cup back in january.
borussia dortmund are not consistently good enough to make der klassiker a regular spectacle.	real madrid and barcelona attract viewers, but the cynicism on the pitch can drown out the quality in el clasico.	english football's closest equivalent, liverpool is now merely a battle for the top four.
an isis militant uses a sledgehammer to destroy a several thousand years old stone slab in a video.	the video shows the group's attack on the ancient ruins of the city of nimrud.	the destruction at nimrud, which took place last month, follows other attacks on cultural heritage sites carried out by the islamic state.
nik wallenda says he'll walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in orlando, florida, this month.	wallenda said monday at a new york city news conference that the orlando eye will be moving when he attempts his feat april 29.
man set a bouncer on fire after he threw a cup of gasoline on him.	the bouncer is said to be tackling the man to the ground after he threw it on the bouncer.	he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on fire and fled in a truck.
the unnamed child from medina, ohio, gave out $100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend's house after school, where he also showered adults with cash.	the group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after teachers at the boy's school blew the whistle on the scheme.
baby foxes are being looked after they were discovered in a cardboard box in a car park in pennsylvania.	when she peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes – thought to be only 10 days old.	three of the rescued red foxes rest with a cuddly toy.
club's stadium redevelopment is now well under way.	the club are pressing on with their task of expanding the main stand.	steel structures for the new main stand at anfield are now taller than existing structure.
camilla kerslake showed off more than she bargained for in backless gown at the olivier awards with mastercard in london on sunday where she was accompanied by chris robshaw.	despite being accompanied by robshaw, who played for harlequins in their 29-26 premiership victory over gloucester 24 hours earlier.	cameras were firmly trained on the singer.
ac milan beat sampdoria draw and frustrate european hopefuls sampdoria at the san siro on sunday night.	former samuel eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg philippe mexes and find roberto soriano to open the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box.	milan were back level on 74 minutes when nigel de jong's spectacular effort which was headed straight for keeper emiliano viviano but found the back of the net off alfred duncan's leg.
jury selection has begun in oklahoma for the murder trial of the teenager accused of shooting dead australian baseball player chris lane.	lane, 22, from melbourne, was jogging along a street in the rural southern oklahoma city of duncan in august, 2013, when he was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.	authorities allege luna, who was in a ford focus with two teenage friends, randomly selected lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past.	lane's parents, peter and donna lane, are scheduled to be called as witnesses.
matt kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business.	the extent of matt kemp's rage is seen during an episode of sbs's heat in the kitchen, which was broadcasted in 2004.	kemp is pictured here with his fiancee, christie webber, who is marrying at the end of the year.
the 70-year-old man was playing golf on monday at the palmer sea reef golf course at port douglas in far north queensland.	the victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf.	the man, who was a member at the golf course, was treated by paramedics at the scene.
gonzalo castro scored one of the goals of the season but it was n't enough as david moyes' side had to settle for a share of the spoils in san sebastian.	sociedad took the lead through a xabi prieto penalty strike in the 31st minute.	jose rodríguez appeared to handle the ball in the box with referee pedro jesus perez montero pointing to the spot.	deportivo la coruna midfielder lucas perez celebrates his 40th minute equaliser.
hln's the daily share illustrates the prevalence of this' women's tax' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women and then revealing the price differences.	even more disappointing is that this practice of' invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere.
hailey walden, now a straight-a student, left clatskanie middle school to escape the harrowing experience after being bullied into sending nude pictures to a boy at their middle school in oregon.	it marks the end of a six-year case, after the teenagers first reported their ordeal to officials at clatskanie middle school in oregon.	josi harrison, laura lefebvre, and hailey walden were all in eighth grade when they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones.
no-one would be surprised following the dramatic events of the third round.	the three biggest names in the sport combined with justin rose to throw the veritable kitchen sink at the cool 21 year old texan jordan spieth.	spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round.
eric harris, first by car then on foot, in tulsa, oklahoma, on april 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot.	once they catch up to harris, they tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach.	harris then starts yelping on the ground, while pleading for help.
didier drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season.	the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012, signing a 12 month deal.	but drogba insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season.
martin tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years.	he is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at anfield on april, 1996.	the game still firmly holds a place in tyler's personal archive.
inter milan have opened talks with manchester city about stevan jovetic.	the serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward.	city are willing to listen to offers for jovetic if they can recoup a significant amount of the £22million they paid fiorentina for him in 2013.
javier hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid.	the german club have also considered edin dzeko at manchester city.	wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez.
santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal despite interest from atletico madrid.	the 30-year-old spaniard's impressive displays have seen him linked to a return to his homeland with atletico madrid.	cazorla admits he has heard about interest from the spanish capital.
mario gomez has been linked with a move to the nou camp.	the 29-year-old insists he is keen to stay at the nou camp.	gomez has scored four league goals so far this season.
pedro has admitted he is finding his bit-part role this season.	barca coach enrique has favoured the attacking trio of lionel messi, luis suarez and neymar this season as pedro has had to make do with a squad role at the nou camp.	the 27-year-old has only started 12 league games for barcelona this season.
ronny deila will try to persuade jason denayer and manchester city to extend the centre-back's loan deal next season.	hearts captain danny wilson is also among his defensive targets.	denayer made his full international debut in belgium's 1-0 european championship qualifying victory in israel on tuesday night.
raymond billam illegally pocketed £15,000 of taxpayers' money after he said he was severely disabled due to back and knee problems.	but between september 2008 and april 2014 he pulled on the green and black shirt of ingsfield lane football club and two other teams in the mexborough and district sunday league.
new chief executive of rotherham council could be paid up to £40,000 more than the outgoing boss, because of' negative publicity' from the grooming scandal.	the new chief executive of rotherham council could be paid up to £40,000 more than the outgoing boss.	he left in december after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period.
magistrate michael dakin refused the request after an abc spokesperson made an application to the court for the case to remain open on behalf of the news organisations.	brett anthony o'connor's lawyer, phillip mulherin, applied for a suppression order in the tweed heads local court on monday.	he has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16.
liz the bearded dragon is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime.	the reptile nods her head after hearing her owner shannen hussein speaking to her.	liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked whether she wants something to eat.
arsenal's chief executive ivan gazidis says he is' not happy' that the club are not going to win the title.	the gunners have n't won the league since 2004 and their first eight-game winning run since then has propelled them to second.	ivan gazidis says he is not happy with second place, and says the club may struggle in the near future.
chelsea could move for atletico madrid centre back miranda in the summer.	the club's technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday.	the defender has one year left on his contract and atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer.	miranda has been offered to manchester united and manchester city.
manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the munich air disaster during sunday's 4-2 derby defeat by manchester united.	stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy.	however, a minority of visiting supporters were accused of performing the gesture and were quickly thrown out by stewards.
thibault courtois insists he has not lost any sleep over his high-profile errors.	the belgian was exceptional for the blues in their win over queens park rangers.	it was a far cry from his displays in chelsea's previous two matches.	courtois says his confidence levels have not waned as a result.
zarina diyas and heather watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the family circle cup in charleston.	diyas, the 11th seed from kazakhstan, won the first set against czech qualifier lucie hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3.	the other seeds in action, irina-camelia begu and mona barthel progressed in straight sets.
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open.	the 27-year-old scot has lost his last seven matches to the serb.	he pushed him hard and had enough early chances to have won it in straight sets.
lewis hamilton led the way in both practice sessions for sunday's chinese grand prix.	hamilton suggested mercedes will be back in control for this race after ferrari and sebastian vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in malaysia.
glasgow warriors have confirmed that experienced duo al kellock and dougie hall will both start friday night's guinness pro12 match with cardiff blues at scotstoun.	duo al kellock and hall will start at lock against cardiff blues at scotstoun on friday night.
stephen curry eclipsed his own nba record for most 3-pointers in a season, scoring 45 points to rally the golden state warriors to a 116-105 victory over the portland trail blazers on thursday night.	curry entered the game four shy of his mark of 272 three-pointers, which he set two years ago in the season finale at portland.	curry added nine assists, and thompson scored 26 to help golden state warriors beat portland trail blazers.	curry (centre) hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his previous nba best of 272 made in a single season.
san antonio stretched its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110-98 win against houston on wednesday.	defending champion spurs moved onto the tail of houston and also memphis, which drew level with the rockets atop the division by inflicting new orleans' heaviest defeat of the season.	no 1 playoff seed atlanta had a narrow win over a brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance.
reanne evans, the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion, begins her bid to make history and reach the world championship finals.	the 29-year-old from dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the crucible should she win three qualifiers.	but she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion ken doherty (right) in her first qualifier for the world championship.
cleveland cavaliers small forward lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could when a new set of nba awards are presented this summer.	players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time, with titles such as' man of the year' being handed out, but while they may not be able to vote for themselves, james seems to think his influence with the cavaliers deserves recognition.
liam stewart, the ice hockey playing son of rock star rod stewart, has seen his hopes of making his senior great britain debut ended by injury.	the 20-year-old forward, born in london, had been included in new head coach pete russell's 23-man party for the world championship in holland next week.	but stewart sustained a shoulder injury during spokane chiefs' western hockey league play-off series against everett and is replaced in the squad by craig peacock of belfast giants.
kyle naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season after david meyler’s red card challenge on saturday.	the hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge that left naughton in hospital.	neither garry monk nor steve bruce condemned meyler at the time.
stuart armstrong admits taking receipt of his first scottish premiership league winners’ medal would help finalise the process of feeling like a celtic player.	for the young midfielder, a parkhead title party next month would also help make up for the hurt he suffered at the very same venue 12 months previously.	last may, the 23-year-old was left crestfallen as he watched the perth side celebrate their own slice of history on the parkhead turf.
celtic have announced that they are to erect a bronze statue of billy mcneill to mark the magnificent achievements of the club's greatest ever captain.	the statue will be positioned on the recently opened celtic way and will represent a man who is synonymous with the club and someone who represented them with true distinction as both a player and manager.	as a player, mcneill won nine consecutive league championship titles, seven scottish cups, six league cups and he lifted the league cup once.	he was named the scottish footballer of the year in season 1964-65, the first ever winner of the award.
newcastle face liverpool in the premier league on monday night.	john carver has now seen his newcastle team lose four in a row.	newcastle were beaten in last weekend's tyne/wear derby.
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool.	the magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form.	it is unlikely to arrive at anfield, a venue at which they last won in 1994.
geoffrey kondogbia has impressed liverpool scouts this season.	the 22-year-old was one of the most coveted players in europe prior to signing for the wealthy french club from sevilla in 2013.	real madrid, manchester united, juventus and paris st germain were all keen.
burnley striker danny ings has interest from borussia monchengladbach.	liverpool, manchester city and manchester united have all shown interest in the england under 21 international.	ings' contract at burnley expires in the summer.
gareth bale drives an unstoppable left-footed bullet in at the far post.	it's powerful, poised and emphatic, though far from a winner at the nou camp.	it's all the welshman can do for now as he returns from international duty to a less than appreciative fan base.
fernando torres believes coach diego simeone's clear understanding of the team's weaknesses has been the key to their success as they seek revenge against real madrid on tuesday.	torres has praised the coaching style of atletico madrid manager diego simeone (centre).	but now they are more than capable of trading blows.
manchester city striker sergio aguero looks as outdated as a commodore 64.	but the argentine's tremendous feat of scoring 100 goals in just 158 appearances should be cause for celebration.	aguero is settled in manchester and signed a new five-year deal only last august.
lazio midfielder stefano mauri scored lazio's second goal of the game in the win against empoli.	the giallorossi took a fourth-minute lead through captain stefano mauri with miroslav klose adding a second just after the half-hour mark.	antonio candreva and felipe anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for the coppa italia finalists, who now lead roma by a single point.
conor o’shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of collisions.	the 29-year-old has not played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations on march 21.	brown was out cold for approximately eight minutes and has n't played since the italy game on march 21st.	brown will have played just six of his club’s last 19 games.
jamie peacock scored a try double as leeds claimed a 20th successive victory over salford.	the 37-year-old rhinos prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months but went over twice in the first half to help the super league table toppers to their fifth win in a row.	salford's last home win against the rhinos was a 21-12 regal trophy victory at the willows in november 1993.
wakefield coach james webster explained how tough his club were finding life after their 80-0 first utility super league thrashing by warrington wolves.	the rout saw a hat-trick of tries by wolves' richie myler and a 28-point haul for stefan ratchford.	wakefield wildcats coach james webster said after the game he does not have enough players.
juan mata described manchester united's 4-2 derby victory as a' massive win' as they opened up a four-point gap on manchester city.	united had lost their last four meetings with city but goals from ashley young, marouane fellaini, mata and chris smalling gave the red devils their biggest derby win for six years.	sergio aguero opened the scoring and also netted late on for his 100th city goal but united were by far the better team to tighten their grip on third spot.
rory mcilroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the masters.	the 25-year-old looked in good spirits on wednesday when he was caddied by one direction superstar niall horan and shot one under par in the traditional par-3 contest.
diego costa has identified chelsea's crunch clash against arsenal.	the spain international limped off just 11 minutes after coming on as a substitute in chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke on saturday.	costa is likely to be fit to face arsenal in what could prove a key game in chelsea's title run-in.
jack nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the masters on wednesday.	he finished alongside kevin streelman on the fourth and eighth.	streelman therefore became the latest player to be saddled with the' curse' of the par-three champion, with no player ever becoming par-three and masters champion in the same year.
tiger woods was spotted dancing while he practised on monday at augusta national.	the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game.	augusta's patrons were treated to another glimpse of the new, cuddly tiger on wednesday morning as he enjoyed another manly hug with spaniard miguel angel jimenez.
australian marc leishman has withdrawn from this year's competition to be with his wife.	his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection.	leishman left augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport.
manuel pellegrini has made the shallowest of footprints.	the chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor roberto mancini.	pellegrini leaves the stadium as manchester city suffered their fifth defeat in seven matches.
crystal palace’s xi on monday night may only have been worth a £17m, but left back martin kelly still made it through a city defence deemed good enough to keep £40m signing eliaquim mangala on the bench.	mangala joined from porto in august last year and is contracted to city until june 2019.
john stones was the shock name on barcelona’s shopping list of central defenders last summer.	barcelona ended up signing 31-year-old jeremy mathieu from valencia.	barcelona were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season.
james mccarthy believes ross barkley is more than capable of handling the highs and lows which accompany the tremendous expectation which rests on his shoulders.	everton midfielder james mccarthy believes ross barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him.	mccarthy said he thought barkley was' different class' despite a mistake with an ambitious pass.
roberto martinez has rejected claims that he is stubborn in his tactical approach.	the spaniard has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently.	there were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style but martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles.
roberto martinez insists romelu lukaku’s new agent will destabilise the player.	roberto martinez has dismissed claims suggesting his star striker could leave goodison park.	southampton have scored just five goals in nine games.
premier league footballers cast their vote for the pfa players’ player of the year.	last year’s winner luis suarez has twice been named player of the month during his breakthrough campaign.	kane (left) broke into the england squad and scored 79 seconds into his debut against lithuania.
harry kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games.	spurs manager mauricio pochettino has expressed fears about burnout for the 21-year-old striker with the fa in talks with tottenham officials about kane playing for the under 21 side in the czech republic.	kane is keen to play in gareth southgate's side at the championship, which runs from june 17-30.	pochettino wants the forward to miss the tournament in order to have enough recovery time ahead of next season.
willian wants his team-mates to take confidence from saturday's win against stoke as they close in on the premier league title.	jose mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table after beating the potters 2-1 at stamford bridge.
cesc fabregas showed off the result of a nasty-looking clash with charlie adam's arm during chelsea's victory against stoke city.	the blues extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2-1 win but it did n't come without cost for spain international fabregas.	fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder charlie adam's flailing arm.
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea's 3-1 win over hull.	the frenchman made a slow start to his career in south wales after playing second fiddle to the recently-departed wilfried bony.	the ea sports ppi is the official player rating index of the premier league.
louis van gaal believes manchester city's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot.	louis van gaal has piled pressure on manchester city ahead of their games against crystal palace and united.
manchester united duo marcos rojo and angel di maria celebrated their 3-1 win over aston villa by flying out to lisbon.	marcos rojo played the full 90 minutes against villa while premier league record signing di maria came on for the last 20.	rojo, who sat next to his wife and daughter, played while sitting on a private plane.	portugal is a familiar destination for both rojo and di maria as they played for sporting lisbon and benfica respectively.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday.	louis van gaal has found the best way to keep united fans happy.	wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat villa 2-0.
philippe coutinho believes securing fa cup silverware would save their season.	the reds go into their fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn on wednesday night.	liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho says winning the fa cup would save our season.	coutinho refuses to give up hope of qualifying for europe's elite club competition for a second consecutive season.
crystal palace were in the relegation zone along with burnley and leicester city.	alan pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record at newcastle and crystal palace.	newcastle fans hold a banner calling for pardew's head for many years.
brendan rodgers is considering recalling £20million misfit defender dejan lovren at blackburn in the fa cup on wednesday.	the trip to ewood park for a quarter-final replay has even more significance as in comes in the wake of successive morale-sapping premier league defeats by manchester united and arsenal.	lovren has made only 16 league starts since he was signed last summer.
raheem sterling is a better player than gunners star mesut ozil.	the former liverpool forward made the claim before brendan rodgers' men lost 4-1 at the emirates on saturday.	owen's opinion drew criticism on social media but the ex-england man has refused to back down, even after sterling's disappointing display in north london.
bastian schweinsteiger suffered an ankle injury during bayern munich's 1-0 win over borussia dortmund in the bundesliga.	bayern said it was not too serious after early concerns for a player ravaged by injuries.	schweinsteiger will miss bayern's german cup quarter-final against bayer leverkusen.
bayern munich's treble ambitions are put to the test on wednesday in the german cup quarter-final.	bayern were without wingers franck ribery and arjen robben as well as david alaba, who tore a knee and will be out for about two months.	bayern were without wingers franck ribery and arjen robben during the clash at signal iduna park.
robert lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as bayern munich beat borussia dortmund at the signal iduna park on saturday.	poland international lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.	pep guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga.
gary hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner to keep norwich city on track for automatic promotion in the sky bet championship after neil lennon's battling bolton came within minutes of gaining a point.	hooper's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the canaries bench in contrast to the dejection of his one-time parkhead boss neil lennon.	hooper had been a transfer target for lennon earlier in the season.
darren bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for derby.	the bees controlled the game for long periods after going ahead through alex pritchard's brilliant strike - but missed chances in the second half came back to haunt them when bent grabbed his 10th goal for the rams.	derby went into the game knowing they needed to win to keep their slim hopes of automatic promotion alive and tom ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes.
gary caldwell admitted his first taste of management was' crazy' following wigan's battling 2-2 draw against fulham.	the latics may be heading for relegation but proved they are ready to go down fighting after twice coming from behind to snatch a point at craven cottage.	caldwell, at 32 the youngest boss in the league, only replaced the axed malky mackay on wednesday.
watford captain troy deeney is regarded by many as the best striker outside the premier league.	deeney has been lighting up the championship for the last three seasons.	deeney believes he can follow in the path of charlie austin and danny ings.
tony pulis has discussed pre-season plans with saido berahino in an indication he plans to keep the striker beyond the summer transfer window.	berahino is likely to be away with gareth southgate’s england under 21 side in the czech republic until late june.	berahino has been linked with a move away from west brom.
tony pulis has held conversations with peace and is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained.	peace is open to selling west brom for £150million as long as a suitable custodian can be found by july, and pulis would want immediate talks with any new chairman over his position.	tony pulis is adamant that chairman jeremy peace will sell the club to someone who wants to invest heavily.
nigel pearson believes leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight as they aim to close the gap to safety.	the foxes go to west brom on saturday bottom of the barclays premier league and six points adrift from the survival line.	nigel pearson (fourth right) talks to his squad during a training session.
barcelona's star neymar left fuming after being substituted by luis enrique.	sevilla then scored a late equaliser, and neymar' ca n't understand why he is subbed so much' reports spanish paper sport.	neymar's dispute with luis enrique features prominently in spain, while they look ahead to the madrid derby.
santi cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to villarreal defender mateo musacchio following his gruesome leg injury.	the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid.	villarreal's mateo musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline.
raheem sterling spoke about his unwillingness to agree a new contract at anfield.	premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players, which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an english club.	fa chairman greg dyke is pushing for the figure to be raised to 12.
tracey neville would say she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers.	she is phil neville's twin and sister to gary neville.	neville gives a team talk to her manchester thunder players.
gary neville has hailed manchester united as a team that is getting ever closer to being' the real deal' after a dominant 4-2 derby victory over city at old trafford on sunday.	louis van gaal's side took a firm grip on third place as they skipped four points clear of their arch rivals in fourth.	neville was impressed by his former club's performance as a whole ahead of next week's clash with premier league leaders chelsea.
kenny miller fears rangers bid could be derailed by the ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form.	it was an especially flat display after the high of recent scottish championship victories over hearts and hibernian.	kenny miller fears rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form.	but the worry for miller is that gers' lack of consistency could wreck their chance of a premiership return.
england picked up their first title on the sevens world series this season.	phil burgess, charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries in the final for the english.	skipper mitchell said after victory at a wet prince chichibu memorial rugby ground.
jake drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars.	the 23-year-old surfer, who was taken into custody in june last year, said he can not wait to get back in the water.	drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding pillion on a motorcycle with her teenage daughter.
wing's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre.	wing's owner is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible, and is often snapped in the photographs with the city's celebrities at his five-star venue.	wing's has been' recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years'.
david moyes has enhanced his reputation as a manager who brings, if nothing else, solidity.	mikel gonzalez diverts a corner past his own goalkeeper geronimo rulli who fails to punch it away.	mikel gonzalez diverted the resulting corner past his own keeper after little more than 90 seconds.	arda turan had already seen his volley hit the post after being left totally unmarked from a free kick.
cristiano ronaldo scores his 300th goal for real madrid in his 288th game during the 2-0 la liga victory at rayo vallecano.	the 30-year-old becomes only the third player in madrid's history to achieve the feat and a breakdown of the statistics demonstrate just how relentless a goalscorer he is.	sevilla appear to be his favourite opponents, with ronaldo netting an astonishing 18 times against them since signing for madrid in 2009.
novak djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the miami open to murray.	djokovic started shouting at his backroom team when the ball boy got caught up in the cross fire.	umpire damien dumusois issued an apology to a ball boy he frightened during the miami open.
arsenal celebrate after a fine strike from alexis sanchez put them 3-0 up against liverpool on saturday.	arsene wenger watches on as his side cruise to a stylish win over their rivals for a top-four spot.	he needs no more mesut ozils, no more santi cazorlas or tomas rosickys.
jennifer aniston's arms showed off her well-toned arms.	the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, mandy ingber.	sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
police have released a cctv image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public.	the bizarre incident was caught on cctv and shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at nottingham train station's multi-storey car park on saturday, march 14.
sepp blatter has received the full backing of african football's president issa hayatou.	the continent's soccer boss said on tuesday, referring to the 79-year-old swiss as' dear sepp.	' in front of blatter's three challengers, issa hayatou, president of the confederation of african football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf congress on tuesday.	blatter received in egypt contrasted to his uncomfortable reception at the uefa congress last month.
gary mabbutt was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at 17.	he was treated at king's college hospital in south east london.	doctors warned him it was' touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated.
gary barlow shocked take that superfan danielle jones, 33, and her husband darrel by dropping in at her wedding reception to sing' a million love songs'.	the maid of honour, kirsty miles, tweeted her excitement after the wedding on good friday.
andy murray, 27, says' i do' with his long-term girlfriend, also 27.	she is renowned for championing british designers and has the ability to sell out items immediately after she's worn them.	kim sears has perfected her pristine style over the years.
deanna robinson, of quinlan, texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home.	she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband.	robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident, causing heavy bruising.
former world no 1 tiger woods enjoyed some quality time on the course at augusta on tuesday.	he was joined by his children sam, 8, and charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club, georgia, ahead of his latest attempt at the masters 2015.
amanda peake glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the myrtle beach marathon with her brother.	her husband, benji, is, no doubt, the most shocked of all.	amanda's friend ashley blocker says benji was just behind his wife of nine years in the palmetto half marathon.
cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter's hospital in chertsey, surrey.	she died from a head injury the next day despite the best effort of medical teams.	her mother, kirsty lee, appeared at guildford magistrates' court today.
cricketing legend richie benaud was farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, daphne.	daphne benaud had kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they did n't know the location.
hillary clinton's' everyday americans' video has been given an 18 rating by a russian television network.	fears the video launching clinton's white house bid may fall foul of putin's' gay propaganda' laws.	clinton's video not only features democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson, from chicago, illinois, holding hands.
atletico madrid and real madrid could n't be separated in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final showdown.	sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final at the vicente calderon.	here, sportsmail rates the players in the first leg at the santiago bernabeu.
diego simeone and carlo ancelotti both hailed atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak.	the champions league quarter-final first leg clash at the vicente calderon finished goalless.	he made a string of excellent saves to keep real madrid at bay.
huddersfield ensured their status in the sky bet championship with three games remaining thanks to a goalless draw at brighton.	the point for the seagulls ended a run of three successive defeats, but their goal drought continues and they are now without a goal from one of their own players for nine hours and 20 minutes.	albion are still not out of danger towards the bottom of the table.
sheffield wednesday claimed all three points against championship play-off hopefuls brentford with a 1-0 win thanks to kieran lee's second-half goal.	with both teams playing with high defensive lines at hillsborough there were a high number of long balls attempted by each side but could not produce the final pass to create clear-cut scoring opportunities.	lee (second left) opens the scoring for sheffield wednesday with the only goal for the game.
jake hall scored a vital goal for non-league side boston united.	hall's friend and towie co-star james' arg' argent was also in the crowd to see hall score with his first touch.	hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating lindsay lohan.
barcelona coach luis enrique has sought to play down neymar's petulant reaction.	the brazil forward was substituted in saturday's 2-2 la liga draw at sevilla.	neymar scored a superb free kick to make it 2-0 to barca after lionel messi's opener.	luis enrique has played down neymar's angry reaction to be substituted.
rolando aarons may have played for the club's under-21s against derby.	the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the magpies' under 21s.	newcastle midfielder rolando aarons has suffered another injury setback.
donna christie, named by locals as donna christie, slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon.	she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout, which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level.	her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police, paramedics and the lithgow volunteer rescue squad to rescue the woman.
the 38-year-old, who starred in the bbc comedy limmy's show, revolted his many followers after he uploaded the seven-second clip.	during the clip, limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out of his mouth and along his cheek.
dane bouris appeared at waverley court on tuesday charged with the alleged assault of his girlfriend.	bouris, 33, is best known as the son of wizard home loans founder mark bouris and has appeared as an advisor on the apprentice.	he is the son of australian businessman mark bouris who is the founder of wizard home loans.
adults in the uk cited not being able to sleep as the thing that stressed them out the most.	brits are all plagued by the same frustrations, and the incidents tend to be daily inconveniences.
rose devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment.	pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.	she now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
sally and stephen morley are one of some 1,500 couples in britain who have had babies using embryoscope technology.	hundreds of parents are now the proud owners of these embryoscope images, which are also helping scientists learn more about the ivf process.
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth league final.	jose mourinho required his services.	he was the star of the show in the final, scoring two goals as chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 4-0.
national bar association officials said that officer clarence habersham, 37, who was the second policeman to arrive at the dead man's body after shooter michael slager, should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report.	the call comes after slager, who has been fired from the north charleston police and charged with murder last week, is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to scott's death.	habersham, 33, who is white, said that he felt' threatened' by scott, who is black, during a confrontation over his taser.
jared milrad and nate johnson claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday's video announcing clinton's 2016 bid for the white house.	the pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year.	milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying:'i’m getting married this summer to someone i really care about'.
lebron james posted an emotional farewell letter to lauren hill via twitter on friday, just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor.	one of the millions lauren hill touched was lebron james, who posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via twitter on friday, just hours after the teenager passed away from terminal brain cancer.
cleveland fire spokesman larry gray told local media the falling bricks might have been a' freak accident'.	cleveland fire spokesman larry gray told local media the falling bricks might have been a' freak accident.	i just heard bam! it was like the largest explosion i ever heard,' said witness andre dimarco who delivers food in the area.
brendan rodgers has insisted raheem sterling will not be sold this summer.	the gunners have a genuine interest in the liverpool wonderkid.	sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the england man.
kevin wimmer is a £4.4 million target for tottenham.	the cologne defender has impressed the boss of his national team as well as scouts at white hart lane this season.	he says it would be a' dream' to join a top club like tottenham.
yaya toure is a dream target for inter milan, according to general director marco fassone.	italian giants are keen to sign the 31-year-old this summer.	toure has scored seven goals and set up one more in 22 premier league appearances.
arsenal, newcastle united and southampton have checked on caen midfielder n'golo kante.	paris-born kante is a defensive minded player who has impressed for caen this season.	marseille have been in constant contact with caen over signing the 24-year-old.
paul scholes has told raheem sterling to stay at liverpool.	sterling said on wednesday that he was not ready to sign a new deal at liverpool.	sterling says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week.
chelsea and manchester city are both willing to pay the £13 million buyout clause for highly-rated valencia left-back jose luis gaya.	the 19-year-old spaniard is real madrid's first choice to fill the left side of their defence next season.	but as reports that both chelsea and city are keen to snap gaya up.
robbie williams has scaled back plans to revamp his multi-million pound home following a public spat with neighbour jimmy page.	the 41-year-old star has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house.	williams responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned with a fresh set of plans.
erica leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer.	she squirted breast milk at a female police officer during a strip search.	she has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence.
police are hunting the owner of a'staffy-type' dog after a four-year-old girl suffered bite wounds to the face.	sussex police say the girl suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident in findon road, whitehawk, at around 6.30pm on thursday.
miracle godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at east quarry near wigan.	a 13-year-old schoolboy who was tipped for rugby league stardom has drowned in a quarry after going for a swim on the hottest day of the year so far.	lancashire police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course.
mogi mirim announced on tuesday that edson cholbi do nascimento, known as edinho, will be the team's coach in the second division of the brazilian league this year.	edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang.	he is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
hamburg have appointed bruno labbadia as their new coach on a 15-month contract.	the coach's contract is also valid for the second division should hamburg be relegated.	hamburg are the only club with a perfect bundesliga record.
spfl clubs are poised to do battle over a late hibernian move to cash in on the premiership play-offs.	the easter road club stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against rangers and the 11th place club in the premiership.	under recently passed spfl rules, play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-off profits for distribution among lower league clubs.
john carver accepts the pressure is on as his side head into their final six games with their top-flight status still not secured.	newcastle remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points but the sides below them have been eating into their cushion.	newcastle boss john carver insists his side have' got six cup finals'.
john carver will turn to siem de jong in a bid to save newcastle’s sorry season.	the £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february.	it was initially feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign.
england's justin rose will be in the final pair with masters leader jordan spieth as he looks to chase down the young american on sunday.	rose's superb finish on saturday earned him a place in the last grouping with spieth ahead of phil mickelson and charley hoffman, who will tee off ten minutes earlier at 19.40 (bst).	world no 1 rory mcilroy is paired with tiger woods in the final day's most high-profile grouping, as both attempt to pull off what would be the most unlikely of their major wins.
greg rusedski has supported aljaz bedene's bid to overturn an international tennis federation ruling and become eligible to represent great britain in the davis cup.	bedene's switch in nationality has been met by criticism in some quarters.	but not from rusedski, who himself moved from canada to represent great britain.
novak djokovic lost his cool at the end of the miami open final.	the world no 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy caught in a video posted on facebook.	djokovic shouted at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the final to andy murray.
ferrari are stronger over a long run and may yet provide a threat to hamilton’s supremacy.	lewis hamilton salutes the crowd after claiming pole for the chinese grand prix.	he will start ahead of nico rosberg and sebastian vettel.	vettel won last time out in malaysia, shakes hands with his countryman rosberg.
lewis hamilton's love of the shanghai international circuit continues to show no bounds as the reigning formula one champion again claimed pole position for the race.	the 30-year-old briton ultimately finished just 0.042secs ahead of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg to give the team another front-row lock out.	ferrari's sebastian vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on hamilton.
daniel ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for red bull to forge a return to the front of the grid.	red bull even found themselves trailing' sister' team toro rosso at the last race in malaysia.	the australian driver has urged his red bull team to go back to basics.
ap mccoy repeated the trick on don cossack to the delight of a huge ladies’ day crowd.	mccoy will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie’s grand national on saturday, struck on day one in the doom bar aintree hurdle with jezki.	if the trend continues, mccoy will be celebrating another victory in the biggest race of all.
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies in antigua on monday.	the 33-year-old kisses the england badge on his helmet after his 22nd test match century.	bell rates his hundred one of the best of his 22 – only alastair cook (25), out for another low score, and kevin pietersen (23) have scored more.
jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test.	both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great richie benaud, who passed away last week.
jonathan trott's first innings on his return to test cricket for the first time in 17 months was brief and unsuccessful, as he was caught at first slip just three balls in.	trott last played a test for his country in november 2013, when he withdrew from england's disastrous ashes tour with a stress-related illness.
phil neville throws a netball to gary as paul scholes watches in the video supporting manchester thunder.	the thunder filmed a lip-sync version of' is this the way to amarillo', featuring their own players and coaches alongside england women's footballers and coaches.	scholes and the neville brothers put in a brief appearance, first throwing a netball to each other, and then, somewhat awkwardly, clicking along to the music.
jonathan brownlee backed up his win in auckland a fortnight ago by taking the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series.	the yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run, seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53.
roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas over his future at the end of the season.	roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas and admits he wants to keep loanee aaron lennon.	mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the champions league.
jermain defoe scored four goals in 45 minutes he feared the worst.	dutch boss celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over newcastle.	costel pantilimon conceded four goals against newcastle last weekend.
edward ofere has been recruited as a replacement and, although he does not appear to have the same natural predatory instincts as the northern irish international.	manager john hughes struggling to find a solution to the problem posed by the sale of top scorer billy mckay to wigan in january.	manager ronny deila making 10 changes to the team in the midst of a two-legged tie with slovenian champions maribor.
edward ofere has been recruited as a replacement and, although he does not appear to have the same natural predatory instincts as the northern irish international.	manager john hughes struggling to find a solution to the problem posed by the sale of top scorer billy mckay to wigan in january.	manager ronny deila making 10 changes to the team in the midst of a two-legged tie with slovenian champions maribor.
stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara to turn around his troubled season at tannadice.	mcnamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for united players sales.
stuart mccall watched rangers bounce back to winning ways before warning his players they must show further improvement in the push for promotion.	the ibrox side recovered from their defeat against queen of the south as two goals from nicky law and one each from nicky clark and haris vuckic swamped raith rovers in a 4-0 victory.	mccall, though, wasn’t happy with some of lax moments within their performance.
hibernian secured a 4-0 win over raith rovers on sunday.	rangers remain level on 61 points, albeit the leith side have the better goal difference.	rangers manager stuart mccall applauds the home fans after the full-time whistle.	they bounced back from thursday's defeat by queen of the south.
john carver has labelled moussa sissoko's reckless lunge on lucas as' indefensible' as the newcastle boss refused to make excuses for his captain.	the midfielder was sent off for two bookings in the 2-0 defeat at liverpool sunday night.	but he could've seen a straight red after he caught lucas on the ankle.
jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league.	liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch city.	henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united.
david ospina has a premier league win ratio of 91.7 per cent.	the gunners' 1-0 win against burnley at turf moor on saturday.	ospina has the highest win ratio of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances.
sandro has defended former manager harry redknapp, saying he is not at fault for qpr’s predicament near the foot of the premier league.	sandro has defended former manager harry redknapp, saying he is not at fault for qpr’s predicament.	redknapp branded the situation at qpr a ‘ soap opera’ and accused people of working against him.
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in nyon meant another piece of silverware for the ever-expanding cabinet at chelsea’s academy.	it will be seen there as affirmation of the superiority of the stamford bridge production line.	they are the defending under 21 premier league champions and the holders of the fa youth cup.
chelsea striker dominic solanke starred in his side's 4-0 semi-final win over roma.	the group phase runs in parallel with its big brother, with the same 32 teams.	the knockout rounds are single-legged and the semi-finals and final in the same place over the course of one weekend.
english cricket's new broom swept dramatically through the national team on wednesday night.	the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing hugh morris in the aftermath of the ashes whitewash.	downton was a supporter of cook as test captain but was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous world cup campaign.
michael vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of england cricket - but only if he feels he can make a difference.	instead ecb chief executive tom harrison is keen to have downton's replacement focus solely on performances, rather than administration duties, which has brought a number of former england captains into the fray.	ashes 2005 winning skipper vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the new role with the ecb.
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board.	move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of downton.	after the ashes whitewash, kevin pietersen and head coach andy flower are sacked.
ireland's classics king sean kelly believes the time has come for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling's monuments.	sir dave brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the spring classics in his second five-year plan for team sky.	the shift in emphasis has already paid dividends in the early part of the season.
jordan spieth believes he will be better equipped to cope with pressure of trying to win the masters after coming close to creating history last year.	spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round 12 months ago as he looked to surpass the absent tiger woods as the youngest ever masters champion, as well as being the first player to win on their tournament debut since fuzzy zoeller in 1979.	spieth believes he is better equipped to win the first major of the year after coming close on his debut in 2014.
rory mcilroy, ian poulter, graeme mcdowell and justin rose give the lowdown on every hole at the world-famous augusta national golf club.	click on the graphic below to get a closer look at what the biggest names in the game will face when they tee off.
rory mcilroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf's grand slam alongside phil mickelson and ryan moore at augusta national on thursday.	the northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time masters champion mickelson and another mercurial american in what promises to be an electric three-ball when they tee off at 3.41pm bst.	but all eyes will be trained on tiger woods among the later starters.
mcilroy's caddie j.p. fitzgerald holds an umbrella over the player's head to let him take a putt.	mcilroy could find himself facing record high temperatures on the first day of play - with the mercury expected to reach 90f, approaching the record 91f set in 2011.
brook lopez dominated twin brother robin with 32 points and nine rebounds as the brooklyn nets beat a weakened portland trail blazers on monday in the only game on the nba schedule.	the trail blazers left lamarcus aldridge and others home for the game that was postponed by bad weather on january 26 and could n't stop brook lopez, who shot 15 for 25 from the field.
dikembe mutombo, a congolese centre whose legendary finger-wagging motion became one of the most recognized gestures in the game, was a four-times nba defensive player of the year.	mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks during 18 seasons.	mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
kawhi leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals as the san antonio spurs rolled past golden state 107-92 on sunday, ending the warriors' 12-game winning streak while extending their own to seven straight.	san antonio also extended their home winning streak over golden state to 32 straight, dating back to 1997, the season before duncan arrived.	tim duncan had 19 points and danny green added 18 points for san antonio.	leonard's heroics inspired the spurs to their 32nd consecutive home win over the warriors.
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help the atlanta hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win, beating the brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night.	the hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with brooklyn's earl clark with 1:52 left in the first half.	he grimaced as he held his shoulder while walking off the court.	millsap did not return and finished with eight points and five assists.
gary neville tore into manchester city after their defeat against crystal palace.	the former manchester united and england defender saw city lose 2-1 to leave them in fourth - nine points short of chelsea at the top of the barclays premier league.	neville said on monday night football.
cesc fabregas hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a 1-0 victory over qpr at loftus road.	the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green.	the win moved jose mourinho's men seven points clear at the top of the table and fabregas admitted it was an important goal.	mourinho knew the win moved his side one step closer to a fifth league title.
jolyon palmer is determined to claim a place in formula one next year.	the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in friday's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends.	jolyon palmer was only 0.6secs behind pastor maldonado at the end of fp1.
fernando torres has hailed manager diego simeone as the reason behind atletico madrid's success ahead of their champions league quarter-final meeting with real madrid.	fernando torres trains at the vicente calderon ahead of tuesday's meeting with real madrid.	manager diego simeone is reason behind atletico madrid's recent success, insists torres.	simeone's side have not lost to atletico madrid in six meetings since the 2014 champions league final.
marcelo insists real madrid's meetings with atletico madrid will have no bearing on the outcome of their champions league quarter-final tie.	the reigning champions face diego simeone's side at vicente calderon on tuesday night in the first leg of the last eight clash.	carlo ancelotti's side lost both la liga matches against atletico this season.	the last time real madrid beat atletico was in last season's champions league final.
roberto carlos has revealed his desire to one day become manager of brazil.	the 42-year-old, a world cup winner in turkey, has already worked on the sidelines in turkey with sivasspor and akhisar belediyespor.	he guided sivasspor to sixth place in the 2013-14 turkish super lig but departed in december after a poor start the following year.	roberto carlos claims to find coaching' easy' and is targeting becoming the manager of brazil.
rob draper revealed who he'd select in the southern xi and on tuesday, joe bernstein did likewise for the north.	we then sent the all-star teams to our friends at football manager, who have simulated the match.	alexis sanchez and harry kane also scored in the match.
barcelona players are put through their paces ahead of the champions league quarter-final.	barcelona head coach luis enrique watches over his players in training as they prepare to travel to psg.	barca have already encountered psg twice during this year's champions league campaign.
thiago silva is gearing up to play barcelona in the champions league quarter-final.	paris saint-germain defender believes he will face an attack possessing the three best players in the world.	the spanish league leaders can unleash a front three of lionel messi, luis suarez and neymar upon the french champions.
barcelona beat atletico 4-1 at benfica's stadium of light in lisbon.	carlo ancelotti says he is not obsessed with atletico madrid.	atletico are unbeaten in six madrid derbies this term and dumped real out of the copa del rey.
chelsea are continuing talks with belgian side royal mouscron-peruwelz over a possible partnership.	talks have been ongoing for over a month after french side lille cut their ties with mouscron and chelsea have been looking for alternatives to vitesse arnhem.	cheslea are in talks over a partnership with belgian side royal mouscron-peruwelz.
lucas moura has revealed he is' obsessed' with fellow south american lionel messi ahead of his side's champions league encounter against barcelona.	moura has singled out messi for special praise ahead of wednesday night's match at parc des princes.	brazilians and argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football.
psg beat bastia 4-0 in the stade de france on saturday.	zlatan ibrahimovic and edinson cavani both scored twice.	psg are chasing an unprecedented quadruple.	laurent blanc's side also made it to the french cup final.
medhi benatia suffered a muscle injury against bayer leverkusen.	the 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties.	bayern munich defender medhi benatia could miss both legs.
south africa's sports minister says he has received assurances from fifa's ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in june into allegations of match-fixing in the buildup to the 2010 world cup.	fifa said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the south african national team's warm-up games are under suspicion.
rajasthan royals player in india's lucrative domestic cricket league was offered money to influence a game last month.	the player, who was not named, was offered money by a state team mate if he followed a'pre-decided pattern of play', the indian express reported.	action from the 2012 indian premier league between kolkata knight riders and delhi daredevils.
france's biggest handball star nikola karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case.	karabatic, a multiple world and olympic gold medalist, and his younger brother luka were among a group of players banned by the french league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their montpellier club, which had already secured the title, lost to a struggling team.	karabatic's lawyer michael corbier told sportsmail on wednesday the trial will likely take place within months.
stuart mccall insists he is taking life at ibrox in his stride.	the former motherwell manager admitted being wowed by murray park in the days after he replaced kenny mcdowall.	the club's £12million training facility is a major improvement on the public pitches at dalziel park.
stuart mccall has sent a warning to bilel mohsni as he insisted rangers will need cool heads for the promotion run-in.	the tunisian centre-back extended his questionable disciplinary record by picking up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during thursday’s 3-0 defeat from queen of the south.	mccall believes mohsni has good defensive attributes but is adamant the ibrox side can not risk unnecessary suspensions.
ally mccoist led the ibrox side here on the day it emerged he had handed in his notice of resignation.	rangers arrived here in far more ebullient spirits with a new boardroom regime installed and three successive victories under mccall’s command.
tim visser wants to end his edinburgh career lifting european silverware at the ground he will call home next season.	the final of the european challenge cup is now tantalisingly within reach for alan solomons’ side after their heroic quarter-final triumph over london irish.	only newport gwent dragons stand in their way in what will be a tough semi-final at bt murrayfield.
al kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the sru.	hamilton had stood toe to toe with his countryman as opponents when their respective teams, edinburgh and glasgow, clashed.	but in the second row for scotland, they would have each other’s backs.
kerry hamilton was diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50.	she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.	she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma.
facebook's latest app is reportedly not a hoax.	it lets you film videos and upload them to facebook and the app.	friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video.
aaron wilbraham scored his 63rd minute goal against preston at deepdale.	steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship.	but the robins not to be returning to the second tier after a two-year absence.
american airlines is tapping into the youth market with the introduction of their new' indie' music.	new indie music was first piped into the cabin - during boarding and disembarking - a few months ago.	many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the new on board playlists.
edinson cavani talked up a potential switch to manchester united this summer.	united are monitoring the uruguayan striker's situation at paris saint-germain.	cavani was furious about being taken off against marseille at the weekend.
gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer.	the dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash.	van der wiel insists he's not interested in leaving paris saint-germain in the summer.
nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to' shine'.	it was the first time nasr had seen a street view car, and he followed it in his own vehicle.	nasr parked his car, jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap.
jordon ibe posted on instagram, the video of him performing the moonwalk while he recovers from a knee problem.	the 19-year-old has done well since breaking into the liverpool first team and is seen as a key member.	liverpool face a struggling newcastle in their next premier league outing.
brendan rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system.	the reds' 3-4-2-1 formation, implemented from mid-december, helped produce a 13-match unbeaten barclays premier league run which lifted them to within a win of breaking back into the champions league qualification places.	despite receiving plaudits for the quality of their football, flaws started to appear a month ago when they were held to a goalless draw by sky bet championship side blackburn in the fa cup.
england dominated the second day of a farcical match in st kitts.	mark wood looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for england.	the modern fixture was drawn, just about, and it should also have been hung and quartered.
bayern munich were in high spirits after they restored their lead at the top of the bundesliga back to 10 points.	pep guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out rondo passing drills in training.	xabi alonso was left stretching for a pass during' rondo' training drill.	bayern suffered a shock 2-0 home defeat by borussia monchengladbach.
samir nasri was keen to forget about manchester city's defeat at crystal palace as the frenchman went out with his girlfriend anara atanes in london.	the pair dined at hakassan, an award-winning michelin star restaurant which offers modern cantonese cuisine.	manuel pellegrini's side are now nine points behind premier league leaders chelsea and nasri could be leaving manchester this summer.
lebron james posts an image of himself not especially pleased with drills at the dentist.	the 11-time all star led his cleveland cavaliers to victory over the chicago bulls on sunday.	lebron james' talk was n't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist's chair in a fortnight, as shared with his 9.3 million followers on instagram.
kevin davies has been through the wars during his 22 years in the beautiful game.	the 38-year-old is n't adverse to putting the boot in himself though -proven by the fact that he formerly held the record for the most premier league bookings by a player with 99.	davies' latest injury is self-inflicted as the england international inadvertently hacked away at his right hand while operating a chainsaw.
ander herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons following his spell at athletic bilbao.	in a short q & a video posted on the club's facebook page on tuesday morning, the manchester united midfielder revealed that he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the english giants last summer.	herrera joined the red devils for £29million following a relatively successful three-year period at bilbao.
brendan rodgers was spotted arriving at the manchester arena on monday.	jose enrique was also in attendance at the concert ahead of the pop star perform, two days after his side thrashed the reds 4-1 at the emirates.	jose enrique, who took to instagram to share a few snaps from the night out, was pleasantly surprised at how much he enjoyed the performance.
marcos rojo claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the united star following a night out.	rojo's identity in the case was originally held back as a' premier league footballer'.	rojo invited her to his friend’s flat for a more private party, but she declined and they parted.
jack wilshere says he is ready to return to the arsenal first team.	the england midfielder completed 90 minutes in arsenal's 4-1 win over stoke city.	he stepped up his recovery from the ankle injury that has wrecked his season.
jeffrey burkes (ex-black brotherhood), rubin davis (ex-mexican mafia-southern california), norman wayne willhoite (ex-aryan guerilla family), rubin davis does n't leave that life behind.	the gangs rule life behind the cement walls the same way as out on the streets, but for those who choose to leave the criminal families behind.
roy keane will stand trial in june after an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.	he is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie fateh kerar, 44, near traffic lights in ashley road, altrincham, on january 30.	he did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates' court on wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer, meaning he will stand trial over the incident.	keane will face trial at manchester magistrates' court on june 19.
brendan rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four.	liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league places.	rodgers would not go so far as to say the fa cup final would be more than useful.
carlos colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in cambridge, massachusetts on monday.	the remains of jonathan camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology on saturday morning.	colina previously worked out at the cambridge athletic club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on november 24.	colina has an outstanding assault and battery case pending against him from the fight.
kim min hyeok, who plays for sagan tosu, have gone viral after he allegedly stamped on the face of opponent mu kanazaki.	sagan are ninth in the j-league and furious claims have been made that the 23-year-old deliberately committed the horrific foul.
cristiano ronaldo returned to top form last weekend with five goals.	real madrid forward has not been at his best this year.	he is now urging his supporters to get themselves into shape.
tim sherwood backed christian benteke to fire aston villa to safety.	christian benteke scored stunning hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3.	villa are three points above the barclays premier league drop zone.
ruby walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in the latest promotional advert for betting firm paddy power.	the clip shows the two-time grand national winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it as the bookmaker gears up for saturday's big race at aintree.	paddy power claims he jumped straight over the car, which was said to be travelling at 40mph, and lands.	it is not the first time the bookmaker has produced a controversial advert ahead of a major racing festival.
gary mabbutt has spoken for the first time about how he was left with a 30 inch scar following a five hour operation to save his leg.	the ex-tottenham and england star, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find that the leg had gone cold back in 2013.	surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday.	jose mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2-1 win but it did n't come without cost for fabregas.
arsenal were reeling after a 6-0 defeat by chelsea at this stage last season.	arsene wenger's team were heavily criticised after throwing away the title.	the gunners are now in fine form and beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday.
jack wilshere is the latest man linked with a switch to the etihad stadium.	he would follow the likes of emmanuel adebayor, bacary sagna and samir nasri.	gunners are now ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club club on the up.
rio ferdinand's farewell year in the english game has fizzled out.	he has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england, six premier league titles, the fa cup and the champions league.	ferdinand started the first seven matches of qpr's premier league campaign before being dropped.
matt phillips set up another two goals for chris ramsey's side in their 3-3 draw with aston villa on tuesday night.	the hoops winger has been in sensational form since the turn of the year and now sits second - behind only barcelona's lionel messi - in the list of top assist makers in europe's big five leagues in 2015.	phillips also scored qpr's opening goal as chris ramsey's side drew 3-3 with aston villa.
aston villa's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of christian benteke's first half equaliser.	he probably rather hoped his players were man enough to remain in the barclays premier league after all.	but the grit, desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite end of the field and a qpr side every bit as desperate to maintain their top flight status did a fine job of exposing exactly the weaknesses sherwood.
jack wilshere has moved closer to recovery from the serious ankle injury.	england midfielder came through the 4-1 win over stoke city.	he was joined by mikel arteta and abou diaby during the match.
crystal palace co-chairman steve parish described a' great moment' as he basked in the glory of his club's 2-1 win over champions manchester city.	parish posed for a picture at selhurst park with palace manager alan pardew, england boss roy hodgson and bill wyman.	parish posted the picture on instagram, writing:' great moment for me, ap, the england manager, one of the original @ rollingstones @ bill_wyman.
didier drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in london on tuesday afternoon.	the blues striker replaced diego costa during the second half of chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke.	jose mourinho's side claimed victory to extend their lead at the top.
franck ribery says his relationship with louis van gaal was' poisoned' at bayern munich.	french winger claims the current manchester united coach is a' bad man'.	van gaal took charge of the bavarians in 2009 but only lasted two years.	van gaal won the league and cup double in his first season.
tim sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again on tuesday night as aston villa clinched a 3-3 draw against fellow relegation battlers qpr.	the aston villa boss could not stay still for a moment on the villa park touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point as christian benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go.	sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as villa have six more games to achieve premier league survival.
bubba watson admits he must' improve as a man' after his fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular player on the pga tour.	survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics, including which player they would not help in a fight in the car park.	watson has won two green jackets but not a popularity contest among his peers.
tim sherwood and chris ramsey embrace each other as they met at villa park on tuesday night.	whatever happens, they will remember this night when they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football.	there was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as ramsey and sherwood went head to head at villa park.
zak hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in leeds, but was not charged with any offence.	leeds said hardaker's punishment is far stronger' given his previous misconduct'.	leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker on an anger management course.	zak has realised that it is his actions rather than his words that must now show his intentions to put these events behind him.
jenson button believes mclaren have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's chinese grand prix.	mclaren and new power-unit supplier honda made significant progress a fortnight later in malaysia.	although both button and team-mate fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit.	button returns to the mclaren garage after retiring from the malaysian grand prix.
aston villa beat qpr 2-1 at villa park on tuesday night at villa park.	christian benteke fired home to make it 2-1 to the home side.	christian benteke has now scored 11 goals this season.	benteke has been a talksport commentator since 2008.
a bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along a florida beach in an unbelievable photograph.	the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach, florida.	bailey told wptv the bobcat might have been scared by his presence, since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find.
manchester city travel to old trafford to face united on sunday.	martin edwards, son of a salford butcher, ruled the roost at old trafford.	martin edwards, son of a salford butcher, ruled the roost.
blackburn salute their fans at anfield after earning a sixth round replay at wembley.	kolo toure found the net in liverpool's fa cup clash with blackburn.	he wanted to save his best resources for chelsea and lost that game, too.	steven gerrard's birthday falls on may 30, the same day as the fa cup final at wembley.
wisden editor lawrence booth has launched a stinging attack on the ecb's handling of kevin pietersen.	the national cricket bible has launched a stinging attack on english cricket and says that the national team have lost touch with the game's public.	editor lawrence booth, also a respected cricket writer with sportsmail, uses his notes to take england to task after a tumultuous year.
harry kane has been given the nod by youssouf mulumbu for this season's players' player of the year award.	the west brom midfielder has picked chelsea wideman eden hazard for the young player of the year award while chelsea wideman hazard is mulumbu's pick for young player of the year.
monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia is a liverpool target.	the french midfielder had just put in a dominant display at the emirates stadium.	kondogbia is only 22 but has racked up over 100 league appearances.
tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity.	his mother thanked him for wiping' all my debt away for the first time ever in my life'.	mings replied two minutes later:' aww mumma you deserve every penny.	thankyou for all the years of hard work' before adding' my worries have all gone'.
louis van gaal believes manchester united will hit the ground running in their attempt to win the barclays premier league next season.	louis van gaal vowed that it would never happen again on his watch and believes to this day that the effects of the pre-season schedule cost his side dearly when the real action started.	now sportsmail can reveal that van gaal and united have turned down offers from asia and australia.
christian benteke's hat-trick against qpr was also a triumph for the top-flight's belgian contingent.	the 24-year-old's treble accounted for the 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by players from belgium this season.	eden hazard has helped belgium's cause with 12 goals for chelsea.
england suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice' match' here in st kitts when stuart broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor.	broad looked to be in considerable pain after the fall and was accompanied by physio craig de weymam.	broad looked in some pain as he lay on the ground following over night rain, causing the england bowler to slip.	broad went off to receive ice treatment and returned to the action.
manchester united fans will hope lead them to a prosperous 2015-16 campaign.	images of the club's home, away and third strips for next season have leaked on to the internet, which is bound to excite many an united supporter.
pep guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with bayern munich.	the former barcelona boss has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016.	bayern munich's players celebrate after beating rivals borussia dortmund 1-0.
phil jagielka swapped everton's training ground for a kitchen earlier this week.	he learned to cook a traditional thai dish to celebrate the sacred festival of songkran.	the toffees have been sponsored by thai beverage chang beer for over 11 years and jagielka, who scored the winner against southampton.
manchester city's fa cup-winning goalkeeper, harry dowd, has died, aged 76.	the salford-born keeper once famously scored for city, against bury.	dowd was a member of the side who beat leicester city 1-0 at wembley.
robin van persie has declared himself fit for sunday's manchester derby.	van persie has missed manchester united's last six games.	louis van gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to return.
fc chernomorets odessa are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages.	the houses are being offered to the players by the ukrainian club due to their severe financial plight.	costs of those houses are around £67,000.
ander herrera posted his picture on his instagram with his manchester united team-mate juan mata.	mata was the two-goal hero during his side's 2-1 win against liverpool in may with his sensational volley on the hour mark proving the highlight of the anfield triumph.	mata scored his second goal against aston villa on saturday.
the unidentified woman was attacked by the would-be rapist as she was closing the empty shop in shandong, china.	she let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet, the people's daily reported.	the assailant was arrested two weeks later and is set to stand trial for attempted rape.
cesc fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for chelsea.	the spaniard suffered the break during chelsea's win over stoke city.	sportsmail can exclusively reveal what the spanish midfielder's shield will look like.
manchester city star met up with more than 100 local schoolchildren.	mural was inspired by young city fans around the world to reflect positive influence that the game has brought to their lives.	manchester-based artists groups outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural.
newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against tottenham on sunday, april 19 and turn up the heat on owner mike ashley.	social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on sky sports, in a bid to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever premier league crowd.	newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against tottenham.
senad lulic scored a late goal to give lazio a 1-0 win at napoli which sent them into the coppa italia final and added to rafael benitez's problems on wednesday.	napoli coach benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in serie a, leaving their champions league qualification hopes in tatters.	napoli forward manolo gabbiadini fired a free kick against the foot of the post and headed wide from marek hamsik's cross as the hosts pressed in the first half.
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board.	the decision to sack a man who has endured a traumatic 14 months since succeeding hugh morris after england’s ashes whitewash was unanimous.	downton leaves his role as ecb managing director following england's shameful performance at world cup.
ernest goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a middlesbrough home game.	blackburn players markus olsson, rudy gestede and lee williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial about the alleged incident at the riverside stadium.
cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career.	the portugal forward scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career.	ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances.
gary bowyer was in' shock' as he watched his side against liverpool.	simon eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time.	bowyer had looked ready to celebrate the latest of equalisers after eastwood skilfully controlled the ball before testing his reds counterpart simon mignolet with a tricky drive.	eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser beyond liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet.
steven gerrard's dream of featuring in the fa cup final at wembley on his 35th birthday remains a reality after liverpool saw off blackburn rovers on wednesday night.	gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card for a stamp on manchester united's ander herrera at anfield on march 22.	gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card against manchester united.
liverpool defeated blackburn rovers in their fa cup sixth round replay.	philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes.	blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time.	sportsmail's oliver todd rated the player's performances at ewood park.
jack nicklaus gave the crowd something to cheer with a hole in one on the fourth during the par-3 contest.	nicklaus was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw as the first roar of masters week filled the skies in a sunswept georgia.	nicklaus became the youngest person to wear a green jacket in 1963, and collected his sixth in 1986.
philippe coutinho fired liverpool into the fa cup semi-finals.	philippe coutinho hit the only goal of the game as liverpool advanced to the fa cup semi-finals.	it has been a dramatic 24 hours for henderson, as his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter, alba.
luis suarez was clearly liverpool's player of the season after the striker scored 31 goals in the campaign.	steven gerrard, daniel sturridge, philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients.
mamadou sakho limped off early on in liverpool's 1-0 fa cup sixth round replay win over blackburn rovers to leave brendan rodgers with just two available first-team centre backs.	sakho was replaced by kolo toure, who partnered dejan lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with emre can and martin skrtel already unavailable.	frenchman was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area.
bellerin shaved a hundredth of a second off walcott's time, prompting the 26-year-old winger to vow to reclaim his title at the end of the season.	bellerin has exceptional pace, as he proved in august when he set a new arsenal record over 40 metres.	theo walcott had previously held the record, but bellerin shaved one hundredth of a second off his time.
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for diving in the area during their 2-0 win over rayo vallecano.	real madrid manager ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to his star forward ronaldo rescinded.	carlo ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
partick thistle's james craigen had been shown a straight red card by referee willie collum for a' last man' foul on hoops midfielder stuart armstrong to concede the spot-kick.	thistle midfielder james craigen added a second in the 63rd minute as the encounter turned into a hoops procession.	commons (right) races away to celebrates his 45th minute penalty.
thiago alcantara scored the winning penalty as bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen.	thiago alcantara challenged for the ball but followed through with a nasty kick into stefan kiessling's chest.	thiago then converted the decisive penalty in the shootout after manuel neuer had saved josip drmic's effort.
manchester city's youngsters finished off a job well done against leicester city.	youngsters celebrate after they consolidated their first leg lead to reach the youth cup final.	city will face chelsea at a venue, likely to be the city football academy stadium, in the first leg on april 20.
troy university students delonte' martistee, 22, of georgia and ryan austin calhoun, 23, charged on friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators relating to the incident that occurred between march 10-12.	the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details.	authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case.
nina moric, 38, posted photographs on her instagram account which has more than 40,000 users.	italian media reported that ms moric tried to take her own life and was found by her mother in the luxury apartment she shares with her boyfriend in milan.	ms moric told her fans she was well and had no intention to end her own life.
burnell' bernie' mitchell has been held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.	his sister is the singer who fronted the 1970s band boney m.	mr mitchell was arrested on wednesday night on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
forecasters say more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of west texas.	fewer than 1 million people were in wednesday's' moderate risk' area between wichita, kansas, and jefferson city, missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado.	kansas officials warned that hail could be the size of baseballs, while illinois officials told residents they should be prepared to seek shelter if bad weather arrives.
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots.	it has captured the attention of locals, who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind.
fabio capello insists john terry should never have been stripped of his captaincy.	capello claims england would be in a much stronger position if they still had the chelsea stalwart at their disposal.	capello resigned as england manager in february 2012.
french climber alain robert climbed the tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist.	hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees.
author martin fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985.	the official inquiry into the blaze, led by mr justice oliver popplewell, concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand at the valley parade ground.	sir oliver also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly, three weeks after the fire.	he also added that the fire was examined by experienced and thorough investigators.
the shooter opened fire on the armed police unit that stormed the house at 8am this morning.	the man who has been named as jose luis by spanish daily el pais yelled' enter if you have the balls' before an intense firefight ensued.	his daughter has been pictured lying next to her injured partner outside the house in ejea de los caballeros.
the 100 tonne crane barge is being used to lift shopping trolleys and cars that have been dumped at the bottom of the river.	divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used by thousands of holidaymakers each year.	it came after the abandoned cars and other objects were identified by the environment agency during a recent survey of flood defences in bath.
the first lady of north korea has appeared in public for the first time since december.	the images of the couple at a podium flanked by top party officials were published in state media.	north korea designates the' day of the sun' as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of kim il-sung.
andrew odell tweeted aldi a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white and said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket.	when aldi replied he wrote that his heavily pregnant wife claire had already been in touch and that the couple were' extremely upset' about the incident.	mr odell's original tweet read:' fortunately the mouse is fine, the same can not be said for my heavily pregnant wife'.
tiger was sent crashing to the floor after mistiming an attack on a fleet-footed bird.	the ferocious feline was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing.	but momentum caused its feet to slide away from underneath and go skidding along the slippery ground.
jordan morris scored early in the second half and juan agudelo added his first international goal in four years as the united states beat mexico.	morris, a 20-year-old thought to be the first university student to be picked by usa in two decades, pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender mario osuna in the 49th minute and beat goalkeeper cirilo saucedo from close range.	agudelo replaced morris in the 65th and scored seven minutes later with a low shot from just outside the penalty area.
bob shannon, 59, helped prepare hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012, which the former two-weight world champion lost and promptly retired.	the manchester-based trainer’s stable includes hatton’s brother, matthew, the european welterweight champion, and fighters who have won british and european titles.	shannon has been charged with a sexual assault on an underage girl after police received a complaint last year.
manchester united players hung a fake bird above ashley young's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match against swansea.	as united kicked off their premier league season with a match against swansea in august, young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match, much to the amusement of his team-mates, who took advantage of the situation.	shaw said:' if you ask him now, he'll say it was n't bird poo.
newcastle united have upset supporters after dumping pictures of sir bobby robson’s title-chasing team in a skip outside st james' park.	the pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images.	framed photographs of sir bobby robson's title-chasing side were found thrown in a skip outside the stadium.
jurgen klopp has painstakingly built a team in his image during his seven-year tenure at the westfalenstadion and achieved considerable success.	dortmund were bundesliga champions in 2011 and 2012.	jurgen klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the westfalenstadion but has decided to call time.
andre ayew is keen on a move to liverpool this summer.	the ghana international will be a free agent as he is out of contract.	ayew, 25, was born in france but followed his father abedi pele.	he admits he is seeking a new challenge and is ready to test himself in the premier league.
joss labadie charged with violent conduct by the fa after he was accused of sinking his teeth into the hand of stevenage defender ronnie henry during dagenham's 1-0 win at the lamex stadium.	it came just 12 months after he was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 for biting chesterfield's ollie banks while playing for torquay.
mohamed yattara and alexandre lacazette helped olympique lyonnais go top of ligue 1 with a 2-0 home win against bastia on wednesday.	substitute yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute and ligue 1 top scorer lacazette took his tally to 25 eight minutes later to move lyon up to 64 points from 32 games.
fa chairman dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3g pitches in urban coaching hubs.	fa chairman greg dyke could axe the england c team to save money to help improve grassroots football.
aden flint scored a bottle of sky bet champagne following bristol city's promotion from league one.	they became the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion on tuesday night - and in sensational style.	add to that their memorable johnstone’s paint trophy victory at wembley last month saw them triumphantly over the finishing line.
dundee have vowed to stand by paul mcgowan after the bad boy midfielder was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman.	but the dens park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against former club celtic because he is under house arrest.	the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order.
concussion experts formed by the football association will meet for the first time in may.	the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer.	head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013.
police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down.	referees had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute of the game on april 3.	referees had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed south sydney to seal a 18-17 victory.
gerard pique has heaped praise on barcelona's attacking trio of luis suarez, lionel messi and neymar, claiming he has never seen a relationship like theirs.	the spanish giants are in france ahead of their crucial champions league quarter-final tie against paris saint-germain.	pique says barcelona's impressive front three have a relationship like nothing he has seen before.
lavall hall was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.	police department said the officers were forced to shoot because hall' attacked' them with' deadly force' using the broom.	but the video footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was fatally shot.	hall, who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, had been released from a mental hospital.
amazing photographs were captured of the primate's thorough health examination by surgeons.	she was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain.	doctors were also able to give suma a full check up, including her ears, teeth, and eyes, and also took urine and blood samples.
us geological survey said in a preliminary report that the quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night.	it was centered about four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210.
an ebay user posted what appears to be laminated badge that featured a photo of hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date.	hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd.	lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez's home.
ian drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and meant he had to use crutches to get around.	but the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at blackpool rangers fc where he helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts.	he also said he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace, could not bend and needed to use crutches because of the pain in his legs.
kate upton has revealed that the photographer released footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called' cat daddy' without her permission.	in an excerpt from an interview kate did with vogue in june 2014, it was claimed that kate was not happy with terry for releasing the' cat daddy' footage which has been viewed more than 22 million times.
daniel agger is to be investigated by the country's fa after elbowing fc copenhagen's mattias jorgensen in a hotly-contested derby.	the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.	agger is involved in another physical battle during brondby's goalless draw with fc copenhagen.
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action.	footage shows the tabby producing bizarre gurgling noises as she is petted.	when her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds.
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake, indiana when the pair caught a bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock.	when suddenly the bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail.
curl-crested jay is native to south america and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds.	with the ever-growing presence of human’s in their natural habitats, the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to reproduce new sounds into their song.
lewis hamilton has described his ongoing contract issues as' a pain in the backside' as the reigning formula one world champion has become mired in paperwork.	but the fine print of the terms and conditions means the 30-year-old, who opted on this occasion - and for the first time in his career - to negotiate for himself without an agent, is becoming frustrated.	hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on sunday at the shanghai international circuit.
van persie snr roars with approval after being filmed scoring with a' scorpion kick' in his back garden.	the seven-year-old has trained with both manchester clubs and starred in a bt sport advert.
west indies stubbornly refused to hurry him to his throne.	anderson watched by his wife, two daughters and parents, strode out to bat england had lost five wickets for 20 runs and were in danger of wasting the initiative handed to them largely by ian bell’s.
watford recorded a 2-0 victory over a spirited millwall side.	millwall keeper david forde was called into action in the first minute.	the lions had a legitimate penalty shout after ben watson bundled over of ed upson as the czech thumped the ball into the far corner.
joao teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season.	the 22-year-old has been in impressive form since his loan spell at brighton.	liverpool youngster joao teixeira broke his leg while playing in brighton's goalless draw with huddersfield.
celtic will enter the champions league qualifiers minus defender jason denayer.	jason denayer is wanted back at parent club manchester city.	denayer has been an instant hit at the club and formed a formidable partnership with virgil van dijk.	denayer remains non-committal on the prospect of an extended loan deal.
images have gone viral of a new yorker accomplishing exactly that, and it just so happens that it's an 11-year-old boy.	the youth is seen kneeling on a chair in order to reach the whiteboard, with his pen held to the extremely detailed map.
borussia dortmund have offered a contract extension to mats hummels as he contemplates whether it is time to leave the club.	the germany international has been on manchester united's list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision.	dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke is optimistic about extending his stay.
sebastian kehl fired a spectacular long-distance volley in extra time to give borussia dortmund a 3-2 victory over hoffenheim on tuesday night.	dortmund's andreas beck converted a second-half penalty to allow wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over freiburg.	dortmund played without central defender mats hummels and forward star marco reus, but took the lead in the 19th.
jurgen klopp has conceded that bayern munich were the better team in their 1-0 victory over his borussia dortmund side on saturday.	jurgen klopp says his side lacked punch against bayern munich and deserved to lose.	dortmund captain mats hummels disagrees with his manager and says they created enough chances to win.
john terry made the short trip across london to face qpr in the west london derby.	he racially abused qpr defender anton ferdinand in october 2011.	terry and partner gary cahill were able to deal with everything thrown at them even though they were bailed out.
sunday's trip to loftus road marks chelsea’s 700th game under the ownership of roman abramovich.	jose mourinho says the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team as they implement abramovich’s demand to follow financial fair play) rules.	mourinho also believes chelsea’s adherence to ffp — compared with other clubs and owners who didn’t want to play under the rules’.
uefa have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of england women's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake.	the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday with the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute.	england's 3-1 group 4 victory against switzerland means the young lionesses will qualify for the european championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2.
the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson’s attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy show.	the episode was apparently filmed last july, but the narration has recently been tweaked.
first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouri.	st. louis freshman men’s crew captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker benjamin rosenbaum, as he walks up the dock to greet them.	the filmmaker continues to laugh as the students on the boat scream and the shield themselves from the carp.
woman known only as goska has spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça in brazil.	among them was one-year-old jaguar, perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer.	goska is recorded in another location feeding the jaguar – she leans in and gives it a kiss on the head on this occasion.
jeffrey klein said a staffer' accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to google image results for' susan del percio hot'.	the democratic state senator, who broke away from his party and caucuses with republicans, said' mistakes like this happen' before apologizing to del percio, a republican strategist.	del percio, a member of former new york city mayor rudy giuliani's administration who recently quit working with governor andrew cuomo, said that the post was a' silly mistake'.
the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of pyongyang in a visit filmed by north korean central tv.	the footage shows the mysterious dictator waving and smiling to the crowds, with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage.	it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the north korean dictator, aged 32.
the midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on wednesday.	the storm system, which stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring.	hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states.
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in south china's guangdong province.	but two years on when you asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable, according to the people's daily.	yan's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2lbs.
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour after she drove a red peugeot towards southend.	some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.	sam butt, 33, was one of those who needed to take evasive action.
gary neville believes manchester united face their toughest test of the season.	but feels their current form means they can beat anyone.	louis van gaal's side have beaten tottenham, liverpool and manchester city.
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle under 21s on his comeback from a collapsed lung.	the 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of united's 2-0 defeat to derby county at st james' park.	de jong has made just one premier league start since his £6million arrival from ajax last summer.
moussa sissoko sent off after reckless challenge on liverpool midfielder lucas leiva.	france international was given a second yellow card for the offence.	head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red.
jack colback admits newcastle united's supporters are being left short-changed as the club's sorry season threatens to plunge new depths.	25-year-old says he is already looking forward to next term given the slump in form which has seen the magpies lose five on the spin and score just one goal in eight hours.	but before this season is out colback and his team-mates will have to endure planned protests with a boycott of sunday's match against spurs set to see thousands stay away from st james’ park.
andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact.	the two fighters embrace following their exciting 12-round contest in brooklyn on saturday night.	lee strode out in front of a healthy crowd knowing whatever happens, his belt was n't going anywhere.
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par.	the former us open champion said he would never consider not playing the masters despite another frustrating experience at augusta national.	mcdowell's score could have been even worse after he was initially given a one-shot penalty.
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday.	the world's best golfer is set to compete at the deutsche bank championship.	horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in boston.
jermain defoe is n't already sure how much football meant to the people of the north east, he found out on thursday evening.	the wwe's show in newcastle was their latest on their tour of the uk after wrestlemania.	jermain defoe agreed a move back to the premier league in january.
barcelona's all-star cast of players, but young defender martin montoya provoked gasps from his team-mates with an outrageous trick shot during training.	the young spanish defender made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards' downtown' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the club's ciutat training ground.
jose mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job.	the 52-year-old has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed - portugal, england, italy and spain.	mourinho regularly finds himself in hot water with the football association.
jose mourinho believes that the ballon d'or trophy awarded to the world’s best footballer, should be scrapped.	real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy which is voted for by national team managers and captains.	cristiano ronaldo, who finished runner-up to ronaldo in 2014, has previously won the compeition three times.
rory mcilroy expressed his satisfaction after keeping his dreams of the career grand slam on track with a battling display on the opening day of the 79th masters.	the world no 1 recovered by recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71.	rory mcilroy did well just to bogey the sixth after making a shaky start at the masters.
kevin pietersen takes a moment to reflect ahead of a team photo shoot for surrey.	the batsman joked with photographers at the kia oval for the photo session, with surrey set to begin their campaign at glamorgan on april 19.	downton's sacking on wednesday has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return to the international set-up.
tiger woods had worked so hard on his short game, the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten.	woods feels the heat at augusta with the world no 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round.
dick law has flown to argentina in an attempt to rubber-stamp the capture of maxi romero.	the club's chief negotiator has jetted to south america to finalise a deal for the 16-year-old forward - who has been compared to lionel messi.	arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for the teenage sensation.
jose mourinho has revealed how sir alex ferguson inspired him to try to be a gracious manager.	chelsea boss said in a wide-ranging interview with the telegraph that the legendary manchester united manager showed him' two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004.	mourinho had just made his first impression on the champions league by knocking out united with unfancied porto.
german referee marjia kurtes disallowed williamson's penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend, but instead of ordering her back to the spot, awarded a free-kick to norway.	williamson went the same way as her successful spot-kick last saturday and found the net once again.
the masters got underway at augusta national on thursday with rory mcilroy bidding to complete a career grand slam, while tiger woods is looking to rediscover his magic.	but who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course in georgia over the next four days?
liverpool players declared an early ladies day at aintree as they suited up with their other halves to take in the opening day of the grand national meeting.	day after brendan rodgers' side secured an fa cup semi-final berth brad jones, glen johnson and fabio borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in liverpool.	borini's wife erin o'neill declared her' hubby (is) is looking dapper' in an instagram post while the striker was driving to the racecourse.
michael vaughan will become the most powerful man in english cricket if he is confirmed as paul downton’s successor at the helm of the national team.	it emerged on thursday that the former england captain has already held talks with new ecb chief executive tom harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart.
former world champion ken doherty potted a final black and extinguished, for now, the dream of reanne evans to become the first women player to play the hallowed baize of sheffield's crucible theatre in the world snooker championship.	she advanced the cause of women in sport no end and gave doherty the fright of his life in an enthralling and attritional match that wo n't be bettered in this year's qualifying tournament.	snooker's governing body had been criticised in some quarters for allowing evans a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sport's blue-chip event on april 18.
kell brook is set to defend his title for a second time on may 30 against frankie gavin.	kell brook received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd.	brook enjoyed a night out at the premier league darts as he watched the premier league road show come to his home town of sheffield.
sergio aguero wants to put pressure on chelsea by claiming victory in the manchester derby on sunday.	city go into the derby at old trafford in fourth place.	one point behind their neighbours after a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace.	manuel pellegrini's team are nine points behind chelsea.
danny welbeck scored the winner to knock his former club manchester united out of the fa cup on march 9.	he posted a racist rant under the username @ angeisleftfoot which read:' welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***…’.	danny welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup quarter-final in march.	welbeck was the subject of a racist tweet after the game by a 15-year-old boy.
andy murray's coach has announced she is pregnant – and will be heavily pregnant as she guides murray through wimbledon.	the openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media on thursday night.	murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee kim sears at dunblane cathedral on saturday and the news is likely to overshadow their preparations.	mauresmo was appointed as murray’s coach in june 2014 following his split from ivan lendl three months earlier.
british no 99 bedene has booked a quarter-final place at the grand prix hassan ii event in casablanca.	the world no 99, who switched allegiance from slovenia to britain last month, knocked out fellow qualifier arthur de greef, 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes.	london-based bedene defeated arthur de greef in just 70 minutes.
alex oxlade-chamberlain has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem.	arsene wenger has revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return to fitness.	arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade-chamberlain’s persistent groin problems.
jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters.	jordan spieth sinks his birdie put on the 18th at augusta to take a three-shot lead into the second round.	rory mcilroy and defending champion bubba watson shot 71 and dustin johnson and masters specialist phil mickelson opened with rounds of 70.
rob green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy on monday night.	the ball boy, who initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball, toys with green by pretending to hand him the ball back before rolling it between the clearly frustrated 35-year-old's legs.	the cheeky lad decides to embarrass the former england stopper by rolling the ball through his legs.
karen sharpe, the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager, defended her son in an interview, saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of.	she also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated.	sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting.
jenson button has been penalised for his crash with pastor maldonado.	jenson button crashed into the back of pastor maldonado's lotus on lap 49 of the chinese grand prix.	the pair were dicing for 13th place when button hit the back of maldonado’s lotus as they battled for position on the run down to turn 1.
rosberg will start behind pole-sitter lewis hamilton with sebastian vettel third on the grid.	rosberg was the last driver out for his final flying lap, meaning he had to rush to get in a competitive time.	the german has now been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season.
french rugby federation looking for candidates to replace france coach philippe saint-andre following the world cup.	saint-andre has failed to impose himself, winning only 15 of his 37 games in charge.	saint-andre will remain in charge for the world cup in england.
richard cockerill believes this season's aviva premiership will run until the final day of regular league season action.	the tigers tackle saracens at allianz park on saturday, separated by just two points and two places with only four games left.	while northampton are clear at the top, it is a different story for the three remaining play-off positions, with saracens, bath, leicester and exeter all bunched up behind saints, and mid-table wasps also can not be discounted.	leicester tigers rugby director richard cockerill believes the premiership title will go to the wire.
sean maitland is facing a race against time to be fit for the rugby world cup.	it was hoped the london irish-bound star might yet return to play a part in the pro12 run-in for glasgow warriors.	head coach gregor townsend reported on thursday that he had suffered a setback and has now played his last game for the club.	maitland, who has 15 caps for scotland and toured with the british & irish lions in 2013.
jason gillespie has been the new coach of big bash league side adelaide strikers in a move that will see him combine the role with his duties at yorkshire.	the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in november 2011.	he led them to the lv= county championship title last year.	gillespie played in 71 tests and 97 one-day internationals for australia.
jimmy anderson suffered a frustrating day in his bid to become his country's all-time leading wicket taker in his 100th test appearance in antigua.	but pace attack colleague chris jordan believes the anderson family celebration party is' just around the corner' as west indies fell to 155 for four in response to england's first-innings total of 399.	anderson watched by his parents, wife, two daughters and agent and needing four wickets to overtake the great sir ian botham's haul of 383.
west indies bowler jason holder used to be a barbados team-mate with chris jordan.	curtly ambrose's pep talk to west indies bowlers must have worked on day two as they rolled over the tail.	alastair cook and co will be happy to see the big man beyond the boundary rope.
ben stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd test wicket when jermaine blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to alastair cook at slip.	but the durham all-rounder’s front foot had crossed the line and the batsman earned a reprieve.
michael vaughan, who is favourite to become england’s cricket supremo, was quick to condemn the openers after west indies got them both out early on.	geoff boycott was also critical of the pair, saying:' opening batsmen are supposed to face the new ball when it’s doing a little bit.	if you can’t play that, you’re in the wrong job'.
arsene wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche.	arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape from the premier league.	wenger said:' it would be a shame for burnley to go down'.
roberto martinez complained seamus coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before the everton defender conceded the penalty that allowed swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the liberty stadium.	martinez felt coleman had been barged by home striker marvin emnes before the irish right-back scooped away the ball with his hands.	coleman appears to apologise to the visiting fans at the full-time whistle, but his manager says he was fouled.
west brom's craig dawson is set to return for west brom.	the defender missed last saturday's 4-1 defeat to qpr.	callum mcmanaman is not yet fit despite closing in on a comeback.
harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league player of the month award.	the striker, 20, scored three goals and has been chosen ahead of all the players in division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics.	panayiotou also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty.
newcastle united had more than £34million sitting in the bank at the end of the last financial year.	the club announced record profits last month of £18.7million for the 2013/14 season.	£38.6million was transferred into newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum - paying off a £4.5million overdraft and leaving £34.1million available.	newcastle fans claim owner mike ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from the lucrative premier league tv deals.
referee andre marriner’s report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control after other missiles rained down on the loftus road pitch.	jubilant chelsea celebrations were marred by objects being thrown onto the pitch by the crowd.	jose mourinho, who admitted chelsea ‘ were lucky’, refused to be drawn into the controversy.
cesc fabregas scored an 87 minute winner at loftus road.	jose mourinho's side struggled to get into their rhythm and had thibaut courtois to thank, following a series of saves to deny charlie austin and matt phillips.	nedum onuoha performed well at the back for qpr and kept at his task admirably.
west brom have honoured the memory of former striker jeff astle on' astle day' against leicester city in saturday's premier league encounter.	the baggies are commemorating the launch of the jeff astle foundation and are wearing a replica of their 1968 fa cup winning kit, where astle scored the winner against everton.	astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59.	west brom usually take to the field at the hawthorns in a white and blue kit.
diafra sakho came off after 58 minutes of saturday's 1-1 draw at home to stoke with a thigh strain.	the 25-year-old striker was sent for scans on monday amid fears he may have a minor tear and club physios are hopeful it is not as severe as first thought.	west ham are ninth in the premier league with 43 points.
rangers face falkirk in the scottish cup semi finals.	stuart mccall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them at dumbarton.	the ibrox boss insists nothing less than a victory will do at the bet butler stadium.	rangers have only won once in their last five away matches.
stuart mccall expects shane ferguson to be fit and ready to aid rangers’ play-off push towards the premiership.	the northern ireland international finally joined up with his ibrox team-mates this week.	he was one of five newcastle players sent north on loan to the championship side.	ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 european qualifier win over greece.
shane ferguson could play a surprise role in the club's play-off bid.	northern ireland capped midfielder was sent north by the magpies as part of a five-man package on the final day of the january transfer window.	gers missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury when they failed to carry out a medical.
rangers insist their fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks.	the ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims mike ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club’s famous crests.	however, they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from sports direct, accepted by the former regime in january.
real madrid returned to training a day after the last eight clash with atletico.	there was no sign of the likes of cristiano ronaldo, gareth bale and james rodriguez.	real will then face atletico in next wednesday's second leg.
thibaut courtois handed them the lead at qpr.	the 22-year-old has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers.	chelsea sit seven points clear of arsenal at the top of the premier league.
petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season.	thibaut courtois remains manager jose mourinho's first-choice goalkeeper.	cech, who joined chelsea in 2004, has made just five premier league appearances.
paris saint-germain manager laurent blanc admitted that barcelona were superior to his side' in virtually every department' as he saw his team slump to a 3-1 defeat in the first leg of the quarter-final at the parc des princes.	an early strike from neymar and second-half brace from luis suarez sealed victory for barcelona and placed the catalan outfit into a commanding position ahead of the return at the nou camp on tuesday.	blanc admitted his side felt the absence of the suspended marco verratti and zlatan ibrahimovic.	psg were also unable to start with david luiz and saw thiago silva hobble off in the early stages.
memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives at hillsborough on the 26th anniversary.	liverpool defender jose enrique marked the anniversary with an instagram post.	liverpool defender jon flanagan uploaded a tribute from the kop to his twitter account.
fifa have reached their highest ever position in the fifa world rankings by rising 15 places to 22.	inspired by real madrid's gareth bale, they were the biggest movers at the top end of the list with 153 points ahead of the april rankings after beating israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier in haifa.	chris coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by terry yorath's men back in 1993.
jermain defoe's limits in tyne-wear derbies is not the limit of sunderland striker jermain defoe's limits as he shows off his impressive keepy up skills with a tennis ball.	defoe was the first player to take part in sunderland's keepy up challenge.	defoe was unable to replicate the high score achieved with the tennis ball but managed to post a respectable-looking nine with the easter treat.
lakenya hall, of kenner, drove the children to a fight just after 5pm wednesday.	it was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh.	hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace.
luke shaw has conceded his debut season at manchester united.	shaw joined united last summer in a £31.5million transfer from southampton.	the 19-year-old has made only made 17 appearances in all competitions.
charlie adam was left with mixed emotions after scoring the best goal of his career only to end up a loser at stamford bridge.	chelsea snatched a second-half winner to leave stoke nursing a third successive league loss.	adam netted one of the most memorable goals in premier league history.
charlie adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against chelsea.	thibaut courtois was left helpless also his chelsea side eventually went on to win 2-1.	beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for united on the opening day.
charlie adam picks the ball up inside his own half during a reserve match against chelsea.	adam knocks the ball out in front of him before spotting the goalkeeper of his line and shooting.	adam scored a similar effort for blackpool reserves against accrington stanley.
charlie adam was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score what will surely be crowned the barclays premier league’s strike of the season.	the stoke city midfielder was 66 yards from inside his own half as he is unable to stop adam's shot from hitting the back of the net for 1-1.	there was xabi alonso in 2006 and maynor figueroa three years later, too.
west ham's enner valencia takes on hull's curtis davies in a premier league clash back in september.	west ham defender marc wilson is available for saturday's barclays premier league trip to west ham despite a broken hand.	west ham defender jon walters has had a knee problem but has been training and is also in contention.
jose mourinho will persist with struggling midfield trio cesc fabregas, nemanja matic and oscar as he refuses to shuffle his squad so late in the season.	mourinho had to answer questions about his three midfielders after the hard-fought 2-1 home win over stoke.	mourinho said:' for me football is not just mathematics'.
robin van persie has declared himself fit ahead of sunday's derby.	van persie has missed manchester united's last six games.	van persie has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes.
dani alves posted a picture of himself with his trousers down on his instagram account on thursday.	his contract runs out on june 30 why has it come to this? barcelona had never planned to keep alves beyond this season.
liverpool defender mamadou sakho will miss monday's visit of newcastle with a hamstring injury.	brendan rodgers will wait to see if mario balotelli has recovered from illness.	sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture.
luis suarez is establishing himself in barcelona folklore after impressing since his £75million move from liverpool.	the forward spoke to spanish radio station cope with his wife sofia for a photo opportunity.	suarez revealed that he once sneaked into the nou camp for a photograph.	he said:' it was not the first time that i came to barcelona'.
mario balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn on wednesday night will make no difference to brendan rodgers.	rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about balotelli.	rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs but had hoped balotelli was maturing as he got older.
lucas leiva is relishing the prospect of a long-awaited wembley appearance.	the reds made three trips to the national stadium in 2012.	but the brazil international missed all of them with a serious knee injury.
mario balotelli hit back at those criticising his absence for liverpool's fa cup quarter-final win over blackburn rovers due to illness by attempting to prove he had a high temperature.	mario balotelli responded to robbie savage's labelling of the liverpool striker as' pathetic'.	balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal or blackburn rovers this week.
mathews' world title challenge is in limbo after richar abril withdrew for a second time.	cuban was due to face mathews on april 18 in liverpool in the second defence of his wba lightweight belt.	mathews may still fight for the title in his home city if the wba strip abril of his belt.
john carver admits newcastle united need to look at the' dna' of their dressing-room this summer.	the magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in tyne-wear derbies.	head coach carver says the club need to look at the' dna' of their dressing-room.	newcastle trio moussa sissoko, vurnon anita and massaido haidara take a breather.
amir khan believes kell brook has called him out so that he can have the' one big payday' which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career.	brook, who defeated jo jo dan to retain his ibf welterweight title last month, immediately challenged khan in a post-fight interview but the bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on may 30, with his opponent yet to be confirmed.	khan has reiterated his intention to take on brook within the next 12 months.	he insists that the undefeated 28-year-old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him.
leo messi’s shot on the half hour at the nou camp on wednesday night.	the argentine scored his 33rd league goal of the season against almeria.	barcelona no 10 loses his markers in the almeria penalty area.
sevilla are fifth in la liga ahead of the visit of leaders barcelona on saturday.	sevilla coach unai emery is one of the more eccentric characters in la liga.	the andalusian club's success suggests there is plenty of method in the basque-born 43-year-old's apparent madness.	emery is one of the most animated coaches in la liga.
rory mcilory was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday.	the pair laughed it off as the northern irishman his a one-under-par round on wednesday.	horan had a embarrassing moment when he slipped over while carrying mcilroy's clubs around the par-three course.
rory mcilroy’s official coronation will come at augusta national on sunday if he wins the masters to complete the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history books.	the king is dead ; long live the king.	long to reign over us.
fergal o'brien has run only once this season, finishing fifth at doncaster.	the 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season back in february.	but limerick-born o'brien believes that is preferable a preferable situation to 12 months ago.
models like cindy crawford were huge stars in 80s and 90s and now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world.	stars including cindy crawford, yasmin le bon and ella richards have all walked for big name designers like tommy hilfiger and chanel.
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence.	flowers were also laid at the club's hillsborough memorial at anfield.	anfield stood still for a moment before the game between liverpool and newcastle in memory of hillsborough.
porto have nothing to prove coming into their quarter-final first leg against bayern munich.	porto train ahead of their wednesday clash against bayern munich.	lopetegui lopetegui says porto come into the match able to enjoy their achievement of being undefeated.
marc-andre ter stegen is keen to impress manager luis enrique in the champions league.	ter stegen arrived at the nou camp from german outfit borussia monchengladbach in may but has struggled to get ahead of fellow summer-singing claudio bravo in the pecking order under enrique.	the 22-year-old has been reduced to champions league appearances.
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 at their cobham training base.	jose mourinho's men have also be in party mood off-the-pitch too.	blues quartet eden hazard, thibaut courtois, kurt zouma and izzy brown marked the start of the thai new year.
tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world.	tiger woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the masters.	woods name appears on the masters' tournament winner's board four times ; 1997, 2001, 2002 and 2005.
rory mcilroy watches a tee shot during a practice round prior to the start of the 2015 masters tournament.	harry styles who will carry the northern irishman's bag in the par-three tournament but keen golfer niall horan as mcilroy looks for a little light relief before his first attempt to complete a career grand slam.	one direction released their debut album in 2011, the same year mcilroy won his first major.
gareth bale could miss out on real madrid's game with rayo vallecano.	real madrid trio cristiano ronaldo, james rodriguez and fabio coentrao.	carlo ancelotti's side face their second la liga game in four days.
three players were diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease this week.	players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.	clubs have asked health officials to check their training centres for breeding sites.
paris st germain will look to overcome the absence of key players including striker zlatan ibrahimovic in wednesday's champions league quarter-final first leg against barcelona.	psg beat ligue 1 bitter rivals olympique de marseille 3-2, and won the league cup final 4-0 against bastia.	even if they will be without the suspended ibrahimovic and marco verratti and the injured david luiz, psg believe they are peaking.
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday night.	gianluigi buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well.	juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has no immediate plans to retire.
rangers will face champions hearts at tynecastle on may 3 — 24 hours after hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play.	hibernian are upset that rangers' final game has been pushed back for tv purposes.	hearts majority shareholder budge backed up her city rivals.
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings — but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend.	despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of the game, the 27-year-old scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list this weekend.
ben flower has been urged to be' a bit more aggressive' when the prop sensationally sent off in last year's grand final returns for wigan.	the 28-year-old forward on tuesday completed his six-month ban for twice punching lance hohaia in the opening moments of october's grand-final at old trafford.	flower stunned the 76,000 crowd with his attack on the st helens half-back and after becoming the first player to be sent off in a grand final.	flower, here walking off after being shown a grand final red card, will return on thursday against warrington.
wigan warriors forward ben flower admits he regrets his attack on lance hohaia in the super league grand final every day.	the 27-year-old is coming to the end of a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league, but he is mentally scarred by the events at old trafford in october.
kylie leuluai has not played since the super league leaders' only defeat at warrington a month ago but coach brian mcdermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed.	the 37-year-old new zealander has still got an important role to play with us.
manchester united will offer robin van persie £5million to quit the club this summer.	the 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at old trafford.	united bosses are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus.
brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification.	reds moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four.	brendan rodgers said:' the players and myself are very motivated to do the best we can.	we have shown we can put results together consistently'.
cristiano ronaldo looked in formidable form as he showed off his array of skills.	the world player of the year pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks.	portuguese defender pepe claimed the success in the league will give real a boost.	bale missed out on saturday's win over eibar with an injury.
the hard-boiled egg is placed in a glass (left) before it is filled quarter of the way with tap water.	he pops the hardboiled egg into a small tumbler glass before filling it a quarter of the way with water.	his next move is to vigorously shake the glass from left to right.	he keeps the glass in the sink so that the water doesn’t spill.
new' i'm a celebrity... get me out of here!' maze at thorpe park resort is now open to the public.	new technology and bush tucker trials invite both young and old'non-celebrities' to climb through' pipe of peril', crawly corridors and dark caves.
former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsider’s performance.	after a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘ holy s***, i’m lost for words and emotions.	all i can say is yes the dude!!!!!!! yes.
cristiano ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years with the la liga giants.	the portuguese forward is catching raul's (l) club record and is just seven goals shy of alfredo di stefano.	ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, even managing 41 with his head.
graziano pelle has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season.	ronald koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make europe.	saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches.
eden hazard has developed into one of the world's best players after flourishing at chelsea.	hazard has proven himself as a goalscorer and a creator of chances during his time with chelsea.	hazard has scored some special goals, 17 so far with another nine assists.
john carver says he would walk away from newcastle united if the club’s hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment.	newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies and in the wake of sunday’ s 1-0 defeat at sunderland, the owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism.
alan pardew says sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form crystal palace side.	palace beat manchester city 2-1 in the tyne-wear derby on monday night.	pardew was the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to sunderland.
prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral.	he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november.	he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday.	benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s.
stoke city manager mark hughes plans to make the britannia stadium pitch bigger to suit his side's passing style of play.	the potters' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the premier league.	but hughes is keen to extend its current 100m x 66m parameter.
mark selby, john higgins and ding junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the china open on wednesday.	selby had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against mark davis to set up a third-round meeting with mark williams, who was an easy 5-0 winner over scotland's michael leslie.	ding, the home favourite and reigning champion in beijing, enjoyed a century break in frame six to seal a 5-1 success against peter ebdon.
rita ora has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range.	femail caught up with the global star to find out her influences.	the print is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on may 1.
lauren hill, 19, was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday.	she played four games with her team at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer, diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma.	but as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to cincinnati children's hospital, where she passed away.
jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career.	jose mourinho has coached a whole host of world class stars.	sportsmail picks mourinho's best ever xi.	here, sportsmail picks mourinho's best ever xi.
the philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message.	a video from the office features characters in' safety suits' including bubbleman, a' fashionista' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights.	it is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who the campaign says are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones.
vincent kompany is an injury doubt for manchester city's clash against manchester united.	the belgium centre-half will be assessed on saturday, 24 hours ahead of sunday's clash at old trafford.	city captain kompany played 90 minutes in monday's 2-1 loss against crystal palace.
chelsea beat atletico madrid 4-0 in the uefa youth league final.	charlie musonda's deflected shot gave chelsea the lead.	dominic solanke then scored a brace, before substitute tammy abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes.
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance for england.	alastair cook has battled back to be on the brink of making his 50th test appearance against west indies on monday.	trott was forced to head home to an uncertain future after his ordeal at the hands of mitchell johnson in the first ashes test.
manchester united's stars trained in the sunshine on friday as they put together their final plans for their premier league showdown with rivals manchester city.	wayne rooney, ander herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action as louis van gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on sunday afternoon.	manager louis van gaal (left) oversees the action as captain wayne rooney runs with the ball at aon training complex.
harry redknapp has claimed' people with their own agendas' had a hand in his resignation as qpr manager, describing the situation as' a bit of a soap opera'.	the 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the barclays premier league strugglers in february.	however, redknapp told bbc sport's football focus there was more to his decision than health problems.
fulham captain scott parker is hassled for the ball by wigan's gaetan bong.	fulham striker ross mccormack lets fly with a shot to score his side's opening goal against wigan on friday.	malky mackay incurable this season.	caldwell must hope he has the character to build next year if they do fail.
arsene wenger has challenged his squad to put any dreams of a late charge for the barclays premier league to bed and focus instead on the cold reality of winning at burnley on saturday.	arsenal head to turf moor in search of what would be an eighth straight league victory, following on from last weekend's 4-1 triumph over liverpool.	despite their superb run, which has seen confidence grow after some 15 wins in the last 17 through all competitions.
chris smalling posted his first photo captioned,' bbq time # biggreenegg'.	the 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best defenders in the country.	smalling, who missed the win over aston villa, could return for united.
gareth bale will be rested for saturday's la liga game at eibar.	carlo ancelotti said he had not made a final decision on who would come into his starting lineup for the game at the bernabeu.	ancelotti said ronaldo's portugal team mate pepe, a centre back, would be available both for saturday and tuesday's champions league quarter-final, first leg at atletico madrid.
chris ramsey has revealed he will have no problem shaking john terry’s hand in light of the racist comments the former england captain directed at former rs defender anton ferdinand four years ago.	terry, who will line up against ramsey’s side, was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for the remarks made in october 2011 during chelsea’s 1-0 defeat at loftus road.	but ramsey, the premier league’s only black manager, thinks the issue has been dealt with.
arsenal are the form team in europe at present, winning 10 games out of their last 11, including seven in a row.	arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of their premier league tie with burnley.	arsene wenger seems to have found his drive once again.
john terry has revealed his picks for the pfa player and team of the year with liverpool playmaker philippe coutinho getting his nod as the premier league's finest.	terry has obviously been impressed by the young brazilian's skills - despite him only scoring four league goals for spurs making him almost certain to take home the award.	terry has acknowledged southampton's miserly record this season.
jose mourinho's side have led the way since beating everton 6-3 at goodison park on august 30.	jose mourinho could lead his side to become the most dominant in a single premier league season.	steve bruce and bryan robson lift the trophy after manchester united led the way for a record 262 days.
diego costa will miss four weeks with a hamstring injury, chelsea manager has confirmed.	jose mourinho says costa will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season.	costa was already certain to miss the games against queens park rangers and manchester united.
gary neville believes manchester city need to be bold and take on uefa's ffp regulations.	neville wrote in his telegraph column that should a player such as paul pogba or mats hummels decide on a move to england.	neville believes manchester city would now struggle to attract top players thanks to financial restrictions.
louis van gaal's bold recruitment drive appears to be gathering momentum after it emerged that ilkay gundogan expects to complete a £15million move to old trafford at the end of the season.	ilkay gundogan (right) anchors dortmund's midfield and could be brought in to protect united's defence.	hummels and gundogan are likely to be lining up in red for united next year.
jose mourinho insists eden hazard is in a one-horse race to scoop the player of the season award.	the chelsea forward has been outstanding this season and will be a leading contender to claim both the pfa and football writers' awards next month.	mourinho believes that hazard will be able to fend off competition from the likes of spurs' harry kane (centre) to win player of the year awards.
david cameron said he had' grown up listening to richie benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary’' while his australian counterpart tony abbott called it ‘ a sad day for australia’.	retiring as a player in 1964, benaud’s masterful analysis was universally revered.	retiring players whose agents deem them instantly equipped to pick up a microphone and irritate us with an effluent of tower of babel verbiage.
niki lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg ahead of the chinese grand prix in shanghai.	mercedes amg petronas driver rosberg pushed back into his garage during the second practice session for the chinese formula one grand prix of china at shanghai international circuit.
justin rose battled back from a nightmare start and is in contention at augusta this weekend.	the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under, sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth.
padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday.	padraig harrington was at it again, but my favourite moment remains his plaintive lament after a mediocre round.
padraig harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique.	the masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters.	lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second.
arsene wenger has branded the emerging trend of post-season tours as a' nightmare' after revealing arsenal opted against an extended pre-season trip.	tottenham have confirmed they will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season.	arsene wenger has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the us this summer.
kevin pietersen is being urged to make the england selectors' lives difficult after his barnstorming start to the summer.	england's exiled record run-scorer made 170 off 149 balls against mcc universities oxford at the parks on sunday, at the start of surrey's three-day fixture.	former england captains alec stewart, pietersen's boss as surrey director of cricket, and nasser hussain have since both had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the test arena.
alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb.	the england head coach would have to seek permission to speak to me via surrey.	stewart's fellow former england captains andrew strauss and michael vaughan have also been linked to the job.
chelsea's eden hazard and santi cazorla are set to reach a premier league milestone this weekend.	both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012.	sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
delone' martistee, 22, and ryan austin calhoun, 23, arrested in connection with the alleged rape after police in troy, alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during a spring break.	the footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in troy, alabama.
eidur gudjohnsen spared bolton's blushes with virtually the final kick of the game and denied blackpool a first away victory in 343 days in a 1-1 draw.	but bolton, who have repeatedly conceded late goals themselves in recent weeks, mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time when emile heskey, neil danns and gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen.	blackpool's michael jacobs (left) scores against bolton wanderers.
brandon wyne, 17, was in the backseat of the car driven by his friend courtney griffith, 18, on january 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light.	the footage has prompted an investigation into the officers' conduct.	griffith said she does not allow marijuana in her car and demanded to be presented with an arrest warrant.	wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrive as he is a minor.
oxford women made history on saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport.	staged on the famous tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men.	oxford won the boat race, easing past cambridge on the thames.
nico rosberg accused his own mercedes team of putting him ‘ under pressure’ during qualifying for the chinese grand prix.	rosberg was the final driver out of the pit-lane during qualifying meaning he had to turn in a quicker out-lap than he would have liked to start his final shot at usurping hamilton before the chequered flag fell.	rosberg improved his time, but still fell agonisingly short of hamilton’s best lap.
arsenal beat qpr 2-1 at st james' park on saturday night.	arsene wenger's men claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season.	the gunners have won seven victories in a row this season.
arsenal moved further clear of the two manchester clubs in second place.	arsene wenger's side were far from their best, but aaron ramsey's pass gave ramsey a second after a brilliant lobbed pass from ozil.	michael duff goes up to challenge arsenal's in-form striker olivier giroud during the hard-fought encounter.
peter crouch was at hand to give his verdict on adam's dancing skills on sky's soccer am chat show.	the 34-year-old front man gave an in-depth analysis on where it all went' horribly wrong' for potters team-mate charlie adam.	crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for england against jamaica in 2006.
the unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn.	paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
exclusive golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a callaway xr driver, callaway xr 3 wood, callaway xr hybrid and a set of callaway xr irons.	sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a special golf prize.
derby head coach steve mcclaren pointed an accusing finger at his own team after they let 10-man watford battle back to grab a 2-2 draw at the ipro stadium.	the result leaves derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two but mcclaren admitted his players only had themselves to blame for the latest setback.	derby had been in control until matej vydra fired them ahead in the 23rd minute after cyrus christie lost the ball out on the right but mcclaren knew a great chance had already slipped away.
rudi austin was sent off in the first half as blackburn warmed up for wednesday's home fa cup quarter-final replay against liverpool with a 3-0 win.	rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches while leeds' five-game undefeated sequence came to an end.	blackburn players celebrate after scoring the third in their 3-0 victory over leeds united.
patrick bamford enhanced middlesbrough’s automatic promotion bid by equalling the club’s record goal return of the modern era.	patrick bamford, the on-loan chelsea forward, struck his 15th of the campaign, to match the tally of colombian hamilton ricard during the 1998-99 premier league season.	no one has scored more in the 16 intervening years.
kenny jackett has told his wolves players they must maintain their focus.	the wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship.	wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half.
robin thomas, of jonesboro, arkansas, posted a' girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after several failed attempts at online dating.	the retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is' normal and down-to-earth'.	thomas has joint-custody of one of his sons, so he's looking for a woman who lives close to him.
iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel, of lamoni.	manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.
charles and camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the ballindalloch distillery in aberdeenshire.	but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature.	two whisky casks were given a royal seal as the prince of wales and duchess of rothesay in scotland.
flamur ukshini, 23, from the kosovan capital of pristina, is in his final year studying business informatics and also works as a part time model.	thanks to his eerie similarity to the one direction singer, he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his instagram page.
sherlock star was challenged to a table tennis match by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping, who beat him despite playing with a wooden spoon.	cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in china because of the popularity of the sherlock tv series and his skit with deng went down a storm with the audience.
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond.	announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time.
clint chadbourne, 71, was headed back to portland from massachusetts when he got stuck in his seatbelt.	when clint tried to get out the car, he could n't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt.	chadbourne, who was with his wife and daughter when they pulled over, said he was' getting hydrophobic'.	she posted the two-minute clip on facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times.
manchester united mascot fred the red is sweating over their futures.	nike say they are in constant communication with the club.	some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed.
arsene wenger has branded the obsession with jurgen klopp's next move as a' ridiculous circus'.	klopp confirmed on wednesday that his intention was to leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in which the club won two bundesliga titles and reached the champions league final.	it sparked a frenzy of speculation about whether the charismatic 47-year-old might be destined for the barclays premier league with arsenal or manchester city.
the unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground on top of an edwardian semi-detached home in greenwich, south east london.	a local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles and quickly took snaps of the man.	the image was then passed to the health and safety executive, who attended the property and caught the man doing the same thing on the roof of the garage.
inter milan pose for a team photo ahead of their champions league quarter-final.	it was certainly the case in april 2005 when a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the san siro pitch - flooding the stadium with smoke and forcing german referee markus merk to abandon a virulent champions league quarter-final.	it was the second time in two seasons the sides had met in the knockout stages.
new york city fc manager jason kreis is finding life increasingly difficult.	new york city fc's mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before his side were pegged back.	haphazard defending allowed cj sapong to stab in on 86 minutes.
villarreal's slide continued as a diego castro header gave getafe a 1-1 draw in la liga.	the match was overshadowed by a serious looking injury to mateo musacchio.	musacchio crumples to the ground in agony after the horrendous ankle break.	villarreal have failed to win in seven games in all competitions.
nac breda manager robert maaskant let his fists do the talking as his side did just that against fc dordrecht.	after being two goals from dutch-moroccan forward adnane tighadouini, relegation battlers nac seemed to be heading towards three vital points against the team rooted to the bottom.
argentina legend diego maradona lost his cool to kick out at charity match.	the 1986 world cup winner scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota to support the peace process in colombia.	however maradona saw red with a steward trying to halt him whilst applauding fans after the match.
bournemouth are finding a new way to win at the madejski stadium.	callum wilson's 22nd goal of the season setting them on their way to a third successive win at the madejski stadium.	howe said:' it was nervy, with what’s at stake it was always going to be that way.
arsene wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess which means arsenal's fa cup semi-final will clash with a key premier league title game.	arsenal will take on manchester united at stamford bridge.	gunners will take on manchester united at home.
luis suarez nutmegged twice en route to manchester city in the last 16.	he scored the two goals at the etihad that saw off manchester city goals.	he has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games.
zlatan ibrahimovic has been banned for lambasting lionel jaffredo during his side's defeat against bordeaux.	the swede striker lost his temper and vented his anger on television at decisions which went against his side.	ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals for psg since joining the ligue 1 outfit in july 2012.
simon mignolet scored the winning goal in a tense 1-0 quarter-final victory.	brendan rodgers’ squad to set up a date with aston villa in the fa cup semi-final.	liverpool are hot favourites to reach the final.
wayne rooney has revealed how he is developing his own style of captaincy to lead manchester united this season.	rooney has served under a number of big names for club and country during his career.
binky has been in the cast of the hit e4 programme since 2011.	she is known for her simple but chic looks and her love of statement eye make-up on a night out.	binky has teamed up with phone case company otterbox as they launch their new mysymmetry customisable series.
boca juniors set up a mouthwatering copa libertadores last-16 clash with river plate.	boca juniors gave boca juniors the lead with a headed finish.	jonatan calleri sealing all three points in the 11th minute.
real estate heir and suspected murderer robert durst has sent a bizarre letter to a reporter that shares no details about his alleged crime, but observations about life in los angeles.	the letter, post-marked april 1st in baton rouge, specifically states that durst' said nothing about charges, crimes or trials' but rambles on about durst's thoughts on life in southern california.	durst, who was arrested for the 2000 murder of his friend, pleaded not guilty to weapons charges on thursday.	he is escorted to prison after his arraignment on march 17.
sickening footage has surfaced of a teenage girl being struck by a fast moving car and flung into the air before appearing to land on her head.	the girl, who was hit on entrance road in warrilla at about 1am on wednesday morning, suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital.
annual survey from deutsche bank has shown that for the fourth consecutive year, australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place.	survey has shown australia to be most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row.
two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3.	the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.	two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3.
denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the europa league quarter-final tie against zenit st petersburg.	winger aleksandr ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound, before forward carlos bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece.	zenit midfielder axel witsel clears the ball ahead of sevilla's vicente iborra (centre) on thursday night.	meanwhile, fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to dynamo kiev.
ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in des moines, washington.	police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned with a taser and bound with her son to a house in fife.	she managed to untie herself, but had to flee without her son, police said.
miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft.	workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft's belly.	this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
shannen hussein has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes.	but her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language.
carmem dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west orange county, florida.	she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab.	she was arrested on tuesday by sheriff's deputies and posted bond from orange county jail on wednesday.
pippa middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a london park, stopping to chat to a fellow jogger.	new balance will contribute 5% of the retail price of sales from these' lace up for the cure' collection sneakers supporting breast cancer awareness.
siem de jong is targeting newcastle's home clash with swansea later this month.	the 26-year-old midfielder played 45 minutes for the club's under-21s team.	john carver has hinted that de jong could even make the 18 for sunday's barclays premier league fixture against tottenham at st james' park.
paul gascoigne's daughter bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london.	the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away when she fought back.	miss gascoigne took to her twitter page after the attack, where she branded her muggers' lowlifes on bikes'.
serie a club parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations.	parma's players celebrate beating juventus at the weekend but the club are rooted to the bottom of serie a.	the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players.
arsene wenger has announced his intention to leave the german club in the summer.	jurgen klopp will be available from june and outspoken gunners fan morgan, who has long been a critic of wenger, and believes klopp would do a better job.	morgan insists klopp can be arsenal's answer to jose mourinho.
jurgen klopp put england's top clubs on alert on wednesday by confirming that he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in charge.	klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city, although it is understood that the struggling premier league champions have no plans to make such a move.	klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30.
ashley young celebrated his prominent role in his side's derby win by laughing at' noisy neighbours' city.	the 29-year-old, who scored united's first goal, and created two more for marouane fellaini and chris smalling.	louis van gaal's side were focused on quieting the manchester city fans.
dani alves insists he is yet to sign a pre-contract agreement with another club.	the 31-year-old's agent revealed last week that alves has rejected barca's latest contract offer with the likes of manchester united reportedly interested in his signature.	alves, however, has since claimed that he is not thinking about leaving the catalan club.	he told bein sports:' i am very happy at barcelona'.
gerard pique is preparing to play for barcelona against paris saint-germain.	the 28-year-old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united and mundo deportivo.	pique has faced the greatest players in the world during his time.
aaron lennon has finally found something to smile about but roberto martinez carried the frown of a man down on his luck as he headed for the bus home.	that’s not to say this was a bad day for everton.	coleman appears to apologise to the visiting section at the full-time whistle.
tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton's poor season in the premier league.	everton finish in the bottom half of the premier league for the first time since 2006.
sebastian coe's rival for iaaf president launched his election manifesto.	the sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in russian athletics.	bubka is sebastian coe's rival for iaaf president, the top job at athletics' world governing body.
barcelona will offer £50million for in-demand juventus midfielder paul pogba, and plan to let him stay in italy for a year on loan.	sport say barcelona will make a £50m offer for paul pogba while marca look at the race for la liga.	pogba is one of europe's most in demand young talents.
the chihuahua named foxxy cleopatra stalks the bearded dragon on a number of ocassions in the video.	the video maker said that the chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon and loves to chase after him.
alfred hitchcock's classic film the birds – that a bird in the house is a bad omen and one that is said to equate to death.	the video maker stated that he initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows.	he says:' there are birds everywhere, what the hell, look at this,' before reiterating his point and recoiling as one crashes into him.
spencer gerlach, 20, told police he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder.	the couple were recently divorced and keltsie lived in her utah apartment alone with her daughter.
robbie savage has taken to twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends, as he tries to lose the flab.	the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his' podgy' label but he still has some way to go to return back to his' glory days'.
ronald koeman feels southampton have found it hard to score due to opponents respecting them more.	saints have slipped out of the champions league places and into seventh.	koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals but rather than looking to his strikers for fault.	he believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor.
jordan spieth has hailed the' most incredible week' of his life.	spieth held his nerve in sunday's final round in a start-to-finish victory.	he was greeted by his family at the 18th green, with his father telling him to do a lap of honour.
justin rose admitted he lost to the better man as jordan spieth won his first masters title in emphatic fashion.	the 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat rose and phil mickelson by four shots and become the second youngest ever masters winner - after tiger woods in 1997.	spieth became only the fourth player after jack nicklaus, ray floyd and tiger woods to reach 17 under.
world no 99 had breezed past fellow-qualifier arthur de greef of belgium in a 70-minute, straight-sets victory to set up his quarter-final clash - but was unable to dislodge czech young gun jiri vesely on friday.	vesely saw off bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach the final four and tee up a clash with spanish veteran daniel gimeno-traver.	vesely will face damir dzumhur next after the bosnian eased past sixth seed andreas haider-maurer 6-3 6-3.
andy murray is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane.	the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open.	they got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year.
jonas bjorkman has assumed a greater importance.	the british no 1 is set to marry his long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane.	mauresmo has never made any secret of the fact that the travel is the part of the job that begins at the end of the august.
tom youngs handed saracens victory but the second-placed londoners were frustrated by their failure to earn a four-try bonus.	youngs was sin-binned for a barge on chris ashton, who had passed the ball to richard wigglesworth and as he tried to return the favour tigers matt smith grabbed it.	ashton was nowhere near getting the ball, which made youngs' action even more senseless.	tigers full back mathew tait tries to offload following a crunching hit from saracens substitute scott spurling.
rugby conor o’shea believes it is only a matter of time before marland yarde is restored to the england fold.	the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn.	harlequins winger charlie walker crosses for his side's first try at the stoop.
west indies finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in antigua with seven second-innings wickets standing.	but the hosts are jubilant that struggling cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump.	captain cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a taylor delivery into the slips.
ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his record on the third morning in antigua.	sir ian botham announced on wednesday that moeen ali has been called up for the next test in grenada.
alastair cook may have had a long break working on his batting with his old mentor graham gooch but his technical problems very much remain.	the england captain, without an international century for almost two years, failed for the second time in the first test as his old failing against the full ball just outside off-stump was again exploited by west indies.
australia world cup-winner aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to arrive on schedule to play for yorkshire again this summer.	finch had to retire after a quick single for mumbai indians in their indian premier league match against rajasthan royals.
curry has led the golden state warriors to the top of the western conference standings in the regular nba season with his immaculate three-point shooting.	the 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history.
san antonio spurs have stepped up their title defence preparation.	the video shows the four players performing debut single' spurs!' by taking part in a 1980s-style performance while showing off funky outfits and extravagant hairstyles.	matt bonner was on guitar duty for spuran spuran as they announced debut song' spurs!'
c.j.	miles scored 25 points and george hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime on tuesday.	indiana pacers guard chris paul's 22 points, including six three-pointers, led los angeles over the injury-depleted phoenix suns 112-101 in la's final regular-season game before the playoffs.	george hill also played a major role in the pacers' victory against the wizards at the bankers life fieldhouse.	miles scored 25 points during his side's vital win over the washington wizards.
christian benteke believes it would be risky to suggest aston villa can be safe from relegation with one more victory.	the belgian striker, back to form under manager tim sherwood with eight goals in six games, said his side must continue to stretch their lead over the drop zone.	villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in 18th.
arsenal's eighth win in a row, their best run since the invincibles team in 2004.	it was arsenal's eighth win at burnley with a first-half goal from aaron ramsey.	olivier giroud feels the hard-fought victory proved there is more to this current wenger team than pass-pass-pass and dissolve.
sunderland's survival bid is a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone.	burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can survive what looks like the hardest run-in? sportsmail considers the possibilities and delivers a verdict.
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of premier league survival.	vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the clash.	vardy struck a confident tone.
leicester beat west bromwich albion 3-2 at the hawthorns.	nigel pearson said his side's fate is back in their own hands.	nigel pearson believes premier league survival is still firmly placed in his side's hands.
nigel pearson spent the last quarter of this match pushing his team on from his technical area, clapping, cajoling, instructing.	he has experienced a great escape at the hawthorns before, in 2005 as assistant to bryan robson.	beyond 90 minutes, jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of barclays premier league survival.
football association will be contacting qpr and chelsea after an incident which saw branislav ivanovic struck on the head by a cigarette lighter thrown from a section of home supporters at loftus road.	qpr are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident which happened as chelsea players celebrated the winning goal in sunday's 1-0 victory.	qpr are reviewing cctv footage and have promised to ban those involved.	they have also appealed to witnesses to come forward.
chris ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders chelsea for 88 minutes at loftus road in the west london derby.	ramsey then witnessed cesc fabregas' late winner and the devastation was too much for the qpr boss, who turned away from the pitch to crouch down.	ramsey's devastation was shared by the hoops fans, who saw their side keep their west london rivals at bay until the last-gasp goal.
stoke city have opened talks over a possible summer deal for evian flyer daniel wass.	the 25-year-old is available for around £3.5million and has been watched by chelsea, liverpool and newcastle over the past year.	he wants to make victor moses's transfer from chelsea permanent.
west ham manager sam allardyce conceded that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after marko arnautovic's 95th-minute equaliser saw the hammers drop points for the second game in a row.	allardyce's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months but having already had two goals ruled out for offside, arnautovic eventually punished the fading hosts to earn a draw.	marko arnautovic is mobbed by his stoke city team-mates after scoring a 95th minute equaliser at west ham united.
dick advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats and celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over north-east rivals newcastle last weekend.	the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats and celebrated a win over north-east rivals newcastle last week.	advocaat does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow sunderland's survival attempts.
tottenham will take on dick's sporting goods park, the home of the colorado rapids, on july 29 in what is the 20th edition of the all star match.	the annual showpiece will take place at dick's sporting goods park, the home of the eastern and western conferences in the united states.	wayne rooney came face-to-face with david beckham when manchester united played in the mls all-star match in 2011.
greg dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the fa’s failure to deliver potentially life-saving research into links between concussion and early on-set dementia.	the fa and pfa promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia after a coroner found astle’s brain ‘ resembled a boxer’s’ but a mail on sunday investigation was never carried out.	dyke went to the hawthorns on saturday for the launch of the jeff astle foundation.
cheikhou kouyate has warned west ham must be ready to face a' wounded animal' at manchester city on sunday.	west ham midfielder will be ready to inflict more pain on manuel pellegrini's men.	west ham are also in need a pick-me-up, having seen victory slip through their fingers.
carlton cole says he ca n't approach sam allardyce about a new contract.	cole's contract expires at the end of the season.	but cole admits he's in no position to ask his boss about an extension with allardyce's future also in limbo.
lionel messi wants celtic to play in the champions league next season.	scottish giants failed to qualify for europe's elite club competition.	messi has played at celtic park three times in europe.
celtic face kilmarnockat parkhead on wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear.	the parkhead side face dundee and st johnstone in their final game.	celtic will not play another game on saturday at 3pm this season.
scottish professional football league has performed a u-turn by switching rangers' final-day clash with hearts back to saturday, may 2.	the league found itself at the centre of a furious row on wednesday after announcing it had moved gers' tynecastle fixture with the jambos to may 3 - 24 hours after their rivals for second place.	the decision was made after tv broadcaster sky decided to screen the match live but hibs hit out at the change, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk as they jostled with rangers for the play-off slots.
rangers dropped two points at championship bottom side livingston.	stuart mccall was left ruing the impact of myles hippolyte despite his ibrox side nudging one point clear of hibs in second place.	rangers centre-half marius zaliukas raced up the park to restore parity with a clever back-header two minutes later.
neymar and luis suarez rampaging through paris saint-germain's defence.	the two goals scored by luis suarez against psg took barcelona past 400 champions league goals.	barcelona still have a little way to go to match the 436 goals scored in the champions league semi-finals.
barcelona's champions league quarter-final first-leg win over paris saint-germain.	spanish media have praised barcelona after their 3-1 win at psg in the champions league on wednesday night.	spanish media are damning of psg's performance - l'equipe leading with the headline' disillusionment'.
mario mandzukic has denied claims that real madrid defender daniel carvajal bit him during tuesday's champions league quarter-final match.	mandzukic and carvajal were engaged in a physical battle throughout the goalless first leg of the quarter-final tie at the vicente calderon stadium.
swansea city host everton at liberty stadium (saturday 3pm).	angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months.	jefferson montero could make the bench after suffering hamstring injury.
steven davis is a doubt for everton's clash with southampton.	kevin mirallas (dead leg) and steven pienaar are back in contention.	sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know.
burnley host arsenal in the premier league contest.	matt taylor has n't featured for the clarets since august due to a long term achilles injury.	dean marney and steven reid could return for the barclays premier league match.
raheem sterling arrived at liverpool's melwood base for training on wednesday after the latest twist to his controversy-ridden season.	the teenager was spotted arriving at melwood on wednesday after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.	sterling, 20, and ibe, 19, were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to a shisha cafe in london earlier this season.
raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.	rodgers questioned sterling’s professionalism on monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in southport having taken nitrous oxide with two friends.	the pictures are believed to have been taken last september.
sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling's hour record on june 7 at london's olympic velodrome.	the four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark.	wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5km one-day race on sunday.
matt prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind.	some of the world's best cyclists re-converge on the yorkshire roads early next month.	prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants.
bradley wiggins sits on the floor after failing to win his final race with team sky in the parsi-roubaix.	the 2012 tour de france winner is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad,' wiggins', before a return to the track ahead of the rio olympics.	wiggins left everything on the road as he attempted to bow out in glorious fashion, but was unable to hold on.
sam bennett has revealed the extent of the shocking injuries he sustained after the bora-argon 18 cyclist was involved in 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the scheldeprijs one day classic.	the former netapp-endura racer, who was in contention to improve on his fifth-place finish in 2014, took to instagram after the race to upload pictures from his hospital bed.	bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders.
george bailey is to join sussex for the second half of their natwest t20 blast campaign this summer.	australia batsman bailey has signed a deal to take over from sri lanka great mahela jayawardene.	bailey, who will also be available in the royal london cup, will play the second half of the natwest t20 blast for sussex.
manchester united and chelsea will be taking part in the international champions cup in the us this summer.	the pre-season tournament is set to be played between july 11 and august 5 with chelsea revealing the full details will be revealed at a press conference in new york on april 28.
valencia turned up the heat on atletico madrid in the fight for third place in la liga.	paco alcacer nodded valencia in front from a dani parejo centre in the 16th minute of added time.	valencia forward paco alcacer celebrates his goal against levante.	valencia's paco alcacer takes on levante defender loukas vyntra.
inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if their pursuit of manchester city pair stevan jovetic and yaya toure fails.	roberto mancini has liverpool midfielder leiva and barcelona's song, currently on loan at west ham, on his list of alternatives if jovetic and toure prove too costly.	inter sporting director piero ausilio told sky italia:' dreams are beautiful'.
alberto bueno played for derby on loan five years ago.	but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like champions league material.	bueno has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season.
daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday.	liverpool striker sturridge was left out of the squad entirely for monday night's barclays premier league clash.	brendan rodgers has admitted that his star striker would be monitored ahead of the wembley clash on sunday.
barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to sevilla.	cristiano ronaldo inspired carlo ancelotti's side to a 3-0 win over eibar and sevilla.	real madrid have closed the gap on rivals barcelona.
barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against sevilla in la liga.	claudio bravo and gerard pique were just two points ahead of real madrid at the top of la liga.	it was a cruel twist of fate for bravo and pique, both of whom have been outstanding.
dirk kuyt has had a successful career for liverpool, fenerbache and playing for his country.	kuyt grew into a favorite among feyenoord's fanatical fans during his first stint.	kuyt was the eredivisie's top scorer in the 2004-2005 season.
utrecht winger edouard duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half.	the referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to duplan.	duplan makes his way off the pitch and hops over the advertising hoarding to the utrecht bench on sunday.
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with belgian club royal mouscron-peruwelz.	mouscron, in belgium's pro league, had a partnership with lille but the french side are now poised to link up with another belgian club, ostend, leaving room for a new deal and chelsea are the preferred option.	chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with belgian club royal mouscron-peruwelz.
aaron ramsey fires arsenal into a 1-0 lead in the 12th minute.	arsene wenger's side fly out of the traps at turf moor.	arsene wenger's side did n't have it all their own way at turf moor.
jordan spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green.	he marched back to his ball, prepared to tap it in.	spieth missed his achievement at the hero world challenge in florida last year.
dustin johnson eyes up a putt no the 18th green during his record-breaking display on friday.	the youngest first-round leader in masters history followed his 64 with a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under set by ray floyd way back in 1976.	it also tied the lowest 36-hole total seen in a major, set by three others, including sir nick faldo at the open.	johnson started with a double bogey but positively pillaged the course’s scoreable par fives to devastating effect.
derry mathews will take on venezuelan knockout artist ismael barroso for the interim wba world title after richar abril pulled out of their april 18 date.	abril has been elevated to ‘ champion in recess’ with darleys perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division.	derry was set to fight cuban wba champion richar abril but will instead face barroso on the april 18 date.
josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones on saturday as he boxes in front of 10,000 passionate fans in leeds.	the featherweight is quickly becoming one of britain's best-supported fighters and will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months.
manny pacquiao is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with floyd mayweather on may 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history.	the 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking nba legend karl malone for visiting him at the gym.	the duo are just the latest to show their support for the'pac-man' ahead of his fight against mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas next month.
danny garcia is set to fight lamont peterson (2nd right) in a non-title fight on saturday.	us boxer danny garcia revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face lamont peterson on saturday.	when asked by entertainment channel tmz to reveal something embarrassing about himself, the us boxer explained he has an extra toe on his right foot before promptly removing his sock to show off his secret weapon.
murray and sears met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005.	murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament, while sears was travelling with her tennis coach father nigel.	murray and sears attend the exhibition match held to mark the launch of the new wimbledon centre court roof in may 2009.
american television network showtime has released a short promotional video from within the mayweather camp as the build up to the may 2 bout at the mgm grand in las vegas.	the undefeated american looks focused as he takes a breather after a workout.	mayweather and pacquiao have been documenting their training camps on social media.	mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
xabi alonso admits he has his sights on some personal glory.	bayern munich prepare for the next phase of their bid for the champions league.	alonso won the champions league in his first season at liverpool when he scored the decisive equaliser in 2005.
karim benzema insists real madrid are capable of becoming the first side to retain the champions league due to their undoubted quality.	real madrid forward karim benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the champions league.	benzema has recently returned to full fitness following a foot injury.
louis van gaal's squad ahead of real madrid's visit on tuesday night.	diego simeone talks to his squad ahead of real madrid on tuesday night.	simeone has turned atletico around since joining in december 2011.
carlo ancelotti hailed diego simeone as one of the world's best coaches.	italian boss diego simeone has hailed atletico madrid boss diego simeone as one of the best in the world.	ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the derby champions league clash.
leonardo jardim has reignited his feud with arsene wenger by claiming champions league quarter-final opponents juventus are by far the better team.	arsene wenger upset jardim by refusing to shake the hand of the monaco coach after their stunning 3-1 victory in the second round first leg tie.	arsenal have won their last eight games in the barclays premier league.
carlos tevez talks about being as free as a bird, back to the days when he was banging in the goals in argentina for boca juniors.	the italian side are aiming to beat monaco on tuesday in their champions league quarter-final first leg.	carlos tevez (left) is worshipped at the juventus stadium, one of the idols in the shirt of the bianconeri with that fearless, wholehearted approach to the game.
english referee mark clattenburg will take charge of paris saint-germain and barcelona on wednesday night.	he will be assisted by five other englishmen.	clattenburg, regarded by uefa, is the only english appointment for the first leg meetings of europe's top eight clubs.
juventus coach massimiliano allegri is expecting a' boring' match against monaco.	the juventus squad look relaxed as they are put through their paces in sunny turin.	juventus manager massimiliano allegri strolls in to his pre-match press conference.
carlos tevez believes it is harder to score goals in serie a than england.	the argentine striker has scored 36 goals in the italian league.	tevez has 36 league goals in the italian top flight since leaving england.
jose mauri scored the only goal of the game as crisis-hit club beat juventus 1-0.	jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark.	parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season.
nicky law has emerged as a £500,000 target for a trio of english clubs.	sportsmail understands law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten english clubs.	but brighton, birmingham and reading are showing the strongest interest in a player who also the target of january interest.
bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the championship with a win against brighton.	yann kermorgant hit a wonderful 25-yard free-kick which wrong-footed brighton goalkeeper david stockdale and flew into the left of goal.	yann kermorgant fires bournemouth into the 70th minute.
championship side rovers were eliminated from the competition on wednesday night.	brendan rodgers' liverpool booked a semi-final date at wembley at the second time of asking thanks to philippe coutinho's angled 70th-minute finish.	gary bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players.
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday.	the former liverpool star scored his first of the night at the parc des princes.	suarez's strike partner lionel messi shared an image of the duo together inside the parc des princes dressing room via his facebook page.
pep guardiola prepares his side for their champions league quarter-final first leg.	bayern munich take on porto on wednesday night and even though they are contending with an injury crisis.	pep guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth champions league semi-final.
steve clarke has instructed his players to approach this weekend's semi-final like any other day at work.	it has been 88 years since the royals last reached the last-four juncture.	reading are striving to make the fa cup final for the first time in their history.
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer.	the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off.	jurgen klopp has told dortmund chief executive hans-joachim watzke he wants to leave after seven years at the westfalenstadion.
steven gerrard and phil jagielka released 96 balloons in memory of liverpool fans who died at hillsborough.	liverpool manager brendan rodgers was present alongside his team at the 26th hillsborough anniversary at anfield.	liverpool captain gerrard lost a family member during the hillsborough disaster.
liverpool fc are set to take action against a fan who said that two muslim men praying at the club's stadium were a' disgrace'.	stephen dodd took a photograph of the two men during a match against blackburn rovers last month.	dodd took this photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month.	now club authorities say they will' take appropriate action' against the supporter.
barcelona's adam crafton takes a look at five things we learned from barcelona's emphatic victory.	sportsmail's adam crafton takes a look at five things we learned whether luis suarez - with his penchant for a human-based snack during football matches - was worth all that money for barcelona.	there can be no question anymore.
emir spahic could face a lengthy ban after appearing to fight with stewards after a defeat by bayern munich.	spahic was substituted in the 90th minute as bayer crashed out of the germany's dfb-pokal at the quarter-final stage, losing 5-3 on penalties after 120 goalless minutes at the bayarena.	but amateur footage from after the game shows the bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch, where he had to be restrained by pitchside staff.
police say they have no objections to sunday's manchester derby at old trafford.	police say they have no objections to sunday's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon.	rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby.
paris saint-germain beat saint-etienne 4-1 to reach the french cup final.	zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as paris saint-germain winger ezequiel lavezzi added the other goal.	psg are also bidding to become the first french side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season.
simon eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball at his feet as it dropped from a jumble of players 12 yards out.	he had the whole goal to aim at.	but he will wake this morning knowing that a peculiar and romantic part in fa cup folklore could have been his.
liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe in the past few days.	sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days.	this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking or indulging in legal highs.
stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team in either qualifying or the race in the opening two formula one events of the year in australia and malaysia.	manor driver will stevens is hoping to compete in the chinese grand prix this weekend.	the 23-year-old, speaking ahead of this weekend's chinese grand prix, said:' clearly malaysia was a tough weekend for me'.
castleford's blockbusting australian winger justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs to undergo elbow surgery.	the news could have been worse for carney, who dislocated his elbow in the tigers' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared.	castleford coach daryl powell expected to take carney's place against widnes on sunday.
aaron cook has confirmed he plans to compete for moldova at the 2016 olympics in rio.	dorset-born cook applied for citizenship after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the small eastern european state.	three time european champion aaron cook has refused to compete under the british flag since may 2012.
nathan hughes's knee collided with george north's head as he crossed the line to score for northampton.	the wales and lions winger had been knocked out in the space of two months.	hughes missed his side's champions cup quarter-final against toulon last sunday.
carl hayman has admitted toulon' have a lot of work to do' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive european title.	toulon captain hayman admitted bernard laporte's men were distinctly underwhelmed by their performance levels in sunday's 32-18 quarter-final victory over wasps.	toulon will host leinster at marseille's stade velodrome on sunday, april 19 in the last four.
dai young’s side became the third of four english challengers to be dispatched from europe’s premier event over a punishing weekend.	the visitors raged gallantly against the dying of the light.	ali williams crosses for a late try for toulon as they put victory over wasps.
michael phelps is to return to competition following the end of his six-month ban for drink-driving.	the 29-year-old american - the most decorated olympian in history with 22 medals, will compete at the arena pro swim series event in mesa, arizona, from april 15-18.
milinda gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in chile on october 29 and was changing flights at auckland airport for the final leg of his trip.	however, after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry.	mr gunasekera will return to new zealand in june to be sentenced.	he then allegedly groped a female passenger on his qantas flight home.
authorities in muskogee, oklahoma announced on wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims of william' frankie' dugan, 29, and 32-year-old valerie ojo.	the couple were charged in march after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children, aged 5 and 6.	william' frankie' dugan, 29, and 32-year-old valerie ojo performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in oklahoma.
caroline wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in indiana on monday alongside nfl star j.j. watt.	world no 5 wozniacki was joined by houston texans star watt in the stands as the pair cheered on the players at a ncaa final four college basketball championship game on monday.	world no 5 wozniacki and watt watch on as winconsin were beaten 68-63 by the duke blue devils.
world no 5 caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama.	the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live! with kelly and michael.	us president barack obama plays tennis with world no 5 caroline wozniacki during the easter egg roll.
chris lane was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.	his parents, donna and peter lane listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 call made by witnesses who tried to save chris lane's (left) life.	mr lane was on a baseball scholarship with oklahoma's east central university.	he was visiting his girlfriend in duncan when he was shot and photographs of the bullet wound taken in a hospital morgue.
pablo osvaldo has urged italian legends andrea pirlo and francisco totti to move continents and join him at argentinian giants boca juniors.	the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton and has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games.	osvaldo believes that the duo would love to have them line up on the la bombonera pitch.
terrifying incident occurred at ben gurion international airport in israel.	terrifying incident was declared a state of emergency level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport.	officials are investigating into how and why a fire broke out in the plane during takeoff.
louis van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in sunday's derby at old trafford but will have to do so without robin van persie.	van persie said he was fit to feature in the game against city on sunday after ankle trouble but van gaal has ruled him out.	van gaal said:' most of the players are fit but being fit for me is different'.
louis van gaal's side have hit form at the start of the year.	louis van gaal and manuel pellegrini have tinkered with their systems.	sportsmail looks at how a composite xi of the sides might take shape.
manchester derby held great significance for both clubs, managers and managers.	but the word is not a match to decide the title, as has been the case in earlier seasons.	here sportsmail assesses ten key questions and tries to provide some answers.
louis van gaal believes man city will not be as defensive-minded as aston villa.	united will be looking to end a run of four successive manchester derby defeats.	louis van gaal insists he is not worried about the prospect of his side facing man city.
manuel pellegrini has insisted he is not impressed by united's rise up the table.	manchester city boss said:' not impressed, no, because i think louis van gaal has a career as a manager where his teams are always offensive teams, teams that win titles everywhere'.	city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
wayne rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front.	the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season.	rooney has gone on to become the most significant figure in united's return to relevance.
dick advocaat says jermain defoe’s wonder goal has set sunderland on their way to premier league survival.	newcastle goalkeeper tim krul has been criticised for appearing to congratulate the derby match-winner.	sportsmail's jamie carragher claimed newcastle keeper tim krul made a mistake after congratulating sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal before half-time.	carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions while speaking on sky sports after the game.
jermain defoe believes his stunning volley against newcastle has proven his worth.	the former fc striker had scored just twice for struggling sunderland.	but defoe was the hero on sunday as his 20-yard volley proved enough to secure a fifth straight victory for the black cats over newcastle.	defoe's superb first-half strike was enough to secure a 1-0 win for sunderland.
jermain defoe connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to fire sunderland into a 1-0 lead.	newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe's 45th-minute strike.	it was just the club's third home league win of the season.	but a fifth successive victory over the magpies, and january signing defoe will have good reason to remember it long after he has finally hung up his boots.
john carver admitted he was' embarrassed' by newcastle's capitulation at sunderland.	the magpies were desperately poor before the break and only marginally better.	john carver was left embarrassed after newcastle united's 1-0 loss at sunderland in the tyne-wear derby.	carver admitted newcastle were second best in every department.
jermain defoe connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to fire sunderland into a 1-0 lead against newcastle united.	tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe's 45th-minute strike as he watches it fly into the net.	defoe seemed overcome with emotion as he fell to the turf shortly after putting sunderland into a 1-0 lead.
family court judge ruled that the boy, who can not be named, must stay in the care of his local authority due to his poor dental health.	details have emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in reading, berkshire.	details emerged about the ruling of the boy removed from his parents due to his tooth decay at reading family court.
pekingese marley and mitzy had been left to play in the front garden by their owners adele and steven worgan.	but they were snatched when the couple weren’t looking – and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on cctv.
survey led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains.	every woman surveyed in paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport.
lady sasima srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for saturday's fa cup semi-final.	she is also co-chairman of reading football club with madejski.	like 73-year-old madejski, lady sasima is something of an eccentric.
brendan rodgers admits he was' surprised and shocked' by the online abuse targeted at the club's striker mario balotelli.	anti-discrimination body kick it out revealed on thursday night that italy international balotelli had been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season.	balotelli's liverpool team-mate daniel sturridge has also been the subject of thousands of racists posts on social media.
adam peaty has broken the men's 100 metres breast stroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds at the london aquatic centre.	the 20-year-old from uttoxeter's gold-winning time on friday beat the previous record of 58.46 set by south african cameron van der burgh in the same venue at the 2012 olympics.	his time of 57.92 seconds has beaten the previous record of 58.46 set by cameron van der burgh in 2012.
dion dublin made his presenting debut on monday morning.	the former aston villa frontman joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom house in dartford.	homes under the hammer airs weekdays on bbc1 at 10am.
manchester united face chelsea in their premier league clash at stamford bridge.	the united squad were pictured travelling down to london on friday afternoon.	louis van gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of their clash against the blues.
louis van gaal called manchester united's bubble and re-open some of the more troubling issues of his time in charge at old trafford.	the dutchman wasted no time in revealing that michael carrick, daley blind, phil jones and marcos rojo will miss the much-anticipated clash with chelsea at stamford bridge through injury.	van gaal must take on his old apprentice jose mourinho without either of his two first-choice holding midfielders, carrick and blind, and two senior centre-backs in jones and rojo.
frank knight, a lifelong supporter of the seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his facebook page this time last year.	knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner owen oyston and his son, chairman karl.
tim sherwood has confirmed he will start shay given against liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday, a day before the irishman turns 39.	the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa's fa cup matches this season.	sherwood watched his villa side in training on friday as they prepare for the weekend's crunch clash.
luke shaw thought he had done ok as he walked off the old trafford pitch.	the score was 1-1 and shaw, returning to the team for the first time since united’s defeat at swansea city in february.	shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent england squad as he struggles at united.
inter milan sporting director piero ausilio has admitted being left feeling' sad' after the club lost patience and decided to sell philippe coutinho to liverpool.	the brazil playmaker arrived at anfield for just £8.5million in 2013 and has progressed to become one of the premier league's most revered players, including a nomination for the pfa player of the year award this term.	inter signed coutinho as a teenager from brazilian club vasco de gama, but he failed to establish himself at the san siro despite being handed his debut by rafa benitez as an 18-year-old.	rafa used him on the flanks in a 4-2-3-1 formation.
chris zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months.	the 28-year-old played for the league two side as recently as tuesday.	now faces an uncertain future in football after admitting four charges.
john carver has insisted he is enjoying the task of trying to turn newcastle's season around despite all appearances.	the 50-year-old has suffered a torrid time since replacing alan pardew as head coach at st james' park until at least the end of the season.	pardew's former assistant has managed just two wins in 14 games in all competitions to date.
aaron ramsey has told his english team-mates at arsenal to beware wales overtaking them in the fifa rankings.	wales were the biggest climbers in the april world rankings after winning 3-0 in israel last month when ramsey opened the scoring before real madrid's gareth bale bagged a double.	chris coleman's side are currently unbeaten in group b of the euro 2016 qualifiers.
leeds takes six points clear at the top of super league.	19-year-old handley got his big chance due to an injury to england winger tom briscoe and how he has seized it, with six tries in just six super league appearances.	leeds veteran danny mcguire crossed for one of his side's seven tries against st helens on friday night.
ramiul sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal.	mr ramiul, 50, scrambles to his feet and survives a second charge from the angry elephant - narrowly escaping being crushed to death by the five-ton mammal.	footage was captured by frightened onlooker, sushovon das on tuesday when a herd walked into the village, destroying crops and houses.
mesut ozil is playing his best football since joining arsenal in the summer.	the german star says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in january.	ozil said 10 years of playing football had taken their toll, but he has come to terms with the premier league.
the tragedy happened as the pilot was trying to land the aircraft at fort lauderdale executive airport around 4.30pm on sunday.	the pilot declared an emergency, but the plane crashed into a wooded area close to the runway, before bursting into flames.	firefighters battled to put out the flames on the crash site.
author martin fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident.	the fire broke out near half-time of bradford's game against lincoln on may 11, 1985, and was thought to have been started by a spark from a match or a cigarette dropped through a gap in the wooden frame of the main stand.	the fire broke out near half-time in bradford's game.
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo.	police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes, according to the television station.	buffalo fire department official told wgrz the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air.
aaron hernandez to life in prison on wednesday want the world to know that they gave the ex-new england patriots star a fair trial.	the seven women and five men voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder this week say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence.	the jury and alternate jurors say down with cnn's anderson cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months.
caring cat rademenes is the resident at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz, northern poland.	he snuggles up to the dogs and cats that are brought in for help.	black cat rademenes helps to nurse sick cats and dogs back to health.
officials have complained the bronze sculpture of yu the great's wife has been worn down and discolored by sightseers constantly fondling the artwork.	the sculpture, which has been in place for ten years, is to honour yu the great, who founded china's first xia dynasty in 2070 bc.
seaworld has released an almost five-year-old video depicting ex-trainer john hargrove using the n-word, following the trainer's release of a book criticizing the company's treatment of animals.	the recorded cell phone conversation shows hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend.	hargrove, who also featured in the cnn documentary blackfish, says seaworld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message.
the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one.	the video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles.	the filmmaker adds the final cup and after rotating through the various accessories picks a pair of glasses.
dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when sent it to the groomers.	it was at this point that its owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted to have half its coat shaved.
brian the lar gibbon was videoed by amanda dorman from south lanarkshire, scotland, who captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the lake district wildlife park near keswick.	the seven-second video, which is accompanied by ms dorman giggling throughout, shows the lar gibbon sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker.	this resulted in the video being viewed over nine million times.
dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria with her children last year.	she boasts on twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching is videos of' muslims killing bad ppl'.	the 28-year-old has a new husband, as the islamic state does not permit unmarried foreign women to stay in raqqa.
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats.	but in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.	she then proceeds to spit it out on the floor.
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a skillful trick.	video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws - she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it.
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since last season.	but the only goal of the game at burnley meant the world, because it was for someone special.	ramsey pointed skywards after scoring at turf moor.
jessica ennis-hill has confirmed she will return to competition in london this july.	ennis-hill provided one of london 2012's most captivating storylines by surging to heptathlon gold.	the 29-year-old has not competed since 2013 as she took time off to become a mother.
manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis.	the 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht's youth set-up.	the belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies.
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr.	the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week.	they are keen to get him on board for what is expected to be confirmed.
roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage.	the fish begins relaxing in the man's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger.
aaron galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat as he landed in the czech republic capital.	ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 nikon.	aaron checked his ebay profile and found viseu had sold 118 items in the previous few months.
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo to fund a move for radamel falcao.	negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the mestalla as soon as he played for the la liga club.
mauricio pochettino says another campaign in the europa league will hamper tottenham's hopes of breaking into the top-four.	spurs' chances of qualifying for next season's champions league is good if you arrive at the final.	mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham's top four hopes.
jon flanagan will speak to liverpool about a new contract at the end of the season with the defender's deal set to expire this summer.	the full back was a revelation at anfield last season as liverpool came tantalisingly close to winning their first title since 1990.	liverpool manager brendan rodgers is keen to keep flanagan at liverpool.
rory mcilroy and tiger woods paired up in the final round.	the world no 1 finished strongly, but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader jordan spieth for the green jacket.	mcilroy is yet to win the masters but neither could mount a challenge.
maria sharapova and venus williams have withdrawn from fed cup ties this weekend.	sharapova has been forced to pull out of russia's semi-final against germany.	the 27-year-old's last appearance was in the miami open at the end of march.
sania mirza and martina hingis celebrate their victory at the family circle cup.	the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with hingis, beating casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0, 6-4 in just 57 minutes, to achieve the top ranking milestone.	mirza had once been tipped for success as a singles player after she became the first indian to win a wta singles title.
angelique kerber rallied past madison keys to win the family circle cup on sunday.	six of the last seven games for a 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 victory.	this was kerber's fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013.
rosberg bemoaned hamilton's' selfish' tactics after winning the chinese grand prix on sunday.	hamilton was absolved of any blame by both wolff and mercedes non-executive chairman niki lauda.	hamilton, who has out-qualified and finished ahead of rosberg at every race, sprays a grid girl with champagne.
mercedes boss toto wolff says nico rosberg will have to make' an unpopular call' for their drivers in light of ferrari's revival this season.	mercedes will not have it all their own way as ferrari appear poised to push them all the way.	hamilton insists he was merely looking after his tyres to ensure they lasted during the crucial middle stint of the race.
lewis hamilton is getting inside teammate nico rosberg’s head as the german bids to win his first world championship title.	teammate mika hakkinen said the british driver’s tactics, which saw him win a third consecutive grand prix ahead of the german, were entirely legitimate.	hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china.
lewis hamilton insists he is ready for nico rosberg's tactics should his mercedes team-mate attempt anything underhand in the wake of his latest outburst.	the 29-year-old german claimed hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race, drawing him back into a chasing sebastian vettel in his ferrari.	hamilton beat his mercedes colleague to win the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday.
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg barely exchanged a word in the first-class cabin of their emirates flight to dubai.	if the two drivers are not quite on non-speaking terms, they are communicating only when they have to.	both had a further say in public about the dispute that broke out after the chinese grand prix.	it caused him to be bunched up closer to the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel.
tom varndell helped himself to a hat-trick against london welsh.	wasps ran out comfortable winners at the kassam stadium.	they claimed a 40-13 win over welsh with tries from varndell, ashley johnson, sailosi tagicakibau and alapati leiua.
great britain's medal hopes at the 2016 olympics have taken a hit after potential gold-winning taekwondo fighter aaron cook’s switch to moldova was confirmed.	the 24-year-old from dorset, ranked no 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class, has had his citizenship change ratified after the breakdown of his relationship with the british olympic association.	cook has not competed for gb since missing out on selection for london 2012.
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio.	the 18-time olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer.	phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the olympics.
nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals.	the foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety in the barclays premier league after back-to-back wins.	last week's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline.
raheem sterling has been pictured holding a shisha pipe during a night out in london.	he was photographed holding a shisha pipe during a night out in london.	earlier this year he was photographed holding a shisha pipe earlier this season.
leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award.	celtic striker scored 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team 4-1 victory.	leigh griffiths, gary mackay-steven, stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven completes his hat-trick.
scottish football association fined £5,500 by the scottish football association.	the sports direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox.	but that did not stop ashley exerting influence.
real madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit, if pictures leaked by a website turn out to be accurate.	the pink touches from this season's shirts will also be dropped, in a return to classic real madrid jerseys.	the away kit is all grey, including the club badge, with a slight yellow trim.
maria sharapova will play for her country against germany in sochi.	world no 2 sharapova rarely plays fed cup, citing a busy schedule.	russia captain anastasia myskina, a former french open champion, has been confirmed to play for the russia team in the fed cup semi-finals next week.
juan mata has collected his player of the month award for march from manchester united.	spain international's return to the united side coincided with two of the best performances from louis van gaal's team this season against spurs and liverpool.	mata has been excluded from the spain squad since their group exit from the 2014 world cup in brazil.
obama said he' had to say hi' to bolt, the fastest sprinter of all time, when he became the first american president to visit the island since 1982.	when obama met bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark' lightning pose'.
usain bolt will compete at the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team.	the six-time olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on may 2.	bolt insists he always does' his best to make his country proud'.
michael phelps is entered in five events at this week's arena pro swim series in mesa, arizona.	the april 15-18 meet has attracted some of the top u.s. swimmers, including phelps's chief rival ryan lochte, who is entered in the same five events.
louis van gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club's carrington training ground.	the meticulous manchester united boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city when he arrived last summer.	sportsmail understands van gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions.
edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring the glory days back to manchester united.	united head to chelsea on saturday in top form, having won six successive matches.	edwin van der sar admits the title is probably beyond united's grasp this season.
andy murray is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane.	the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open.	they got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year.
emmanuel adebayor has insisted he is happy to stay and fight for his place at white hart lane and rejected reports linking him with a move away.	the 31-year-old togo international expressed his gratitude at being able to play in the premier league and labeled the division' the best in the world.	adebayor joined spurs in 2011 from manchester city, initially on loan before an impressive first season tally of 18 goals.
emmanuel adebayor's wages will prove a key factor this summer.	tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor's wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer.	spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of adebayor's wages next season.
wolfsburg dominated but needed a second-half penalty from defender ricardo rodriguez to edge past fellow bundesliga club freiburg 1-0 and advance to the german cup semi-finals.	swiss international rodriguez converted a 72nd-minute spot-kick after daniel caligiuri was brought down by julian schuster.	wolfsburg, second in the bundesliga, spurned a host of chances with kevin de bruyne and andre schurrle wasteful.
andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg in the bundesliga on saturday.	the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience and admitted not scoring for the german side was' eating away' at him.	the 24-year-old scored his first since joining from chelsea in february.
david luiz suffered a hamstring injury in psg's 3-1 defeat against barcelona.	the ex-chelsea defender came off the bench in wednesday night's champions league quarter-final first leg.	luiz suffered the same fate when suarez weaved his way into the box for barcelona's second goal.
chelsea midfielder oriol romeu goes up against sportsmail's martin keown.	the pair predict the scores for the weekend's premier league and fa cup matches.	romeu is currently on a season-long loan at bundesliga side stuttgart.
bayern munich squad flew back to germany after their 3-1 loss at the estadio dragao on wednesday.	the defeat was the price the five-time european champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing, chief executive karl-heinz rummenigge said.	bayern, chasing a treble of domestic and european titles, travelled with only 15 outfield players to portugal for their quarter-final first leg.
porto's win over bayern munich has been celebrated in portugal.	portugal's record opted for the pun' fantasporto' as their headline, while pep guardiola's team lose 3-1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final.	portugal's record opted for the pun' fantasporto' as their headline for the next day.
bayern's shock 3-1 defeat by porto may not have gone down well.	pep guardiola, whose side were outplayed in portugal, remains manchester city's first choice to replace under-fire manuel pellegrini.	guardiola is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with city's executive pair ferran soriano and txiki begiristain, with whom he worked during a glittering stint at the nou camp.
christian benteke bends a free-kick over the qpr wall to rescue a point for aston villa last week.	he admitted he even surprised himself by finding the back of the net with the free kick.	benteke rises above fererico fazio to head the winning goal for aston villa.
john wild, from wotton-under-edge in gloucestershire, was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and ordered to carry out community service after being found guilty of racially abusing brown.	brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but kick it out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused jason brown.	but in doing so, kick it out, the football association and the professional footballers' association, after he felt they' did nothing about it'.
russian premier league team torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol, the club's fourth racism-related punishment this season.	torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club's 3-1 win over arsenal tula on sunday.	torpedo fans will be barred from the club's next three away games, with the exception of women and children under 13.
black players of milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday's 4-0 win over paris saint-germain.	milan says it does' not want to magnify the issue' and' truly hopes that these reports are n't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident'.	milan plays benfica in monday's semi-finals of the prestigious youth tournament.
kp outplayed the ecb's army of media personnel at every turn was because his agents, mission sports management, had expert help guiding their strategy.	but agent adam wheatley, co-founder of the company with sir ian botham, insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland during kp's supposed reintegration into the england team in 2012.	kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad.
aidan coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his crabbie's grand national blues at aintree on saturday.	the 26-year-old rides well-backed the druids nephew, stepping in for broken leg victim barry geraghty on the neil mulholland-trained gelding which won on the opening day of last month's cheltenham festival.	the eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase but coleman knows more than most how fickle fortune can be in the biggest steeplechase in the world.	jockey aidan coleman exits the weighing room at haydock racecourse back in april earlier this year.
ben flower was given the honour of leading wigan's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over warrington on his return from a six-month suspension.	the 27-year-old wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach shaun wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the warriors' grand final defeat by st helens last october.
dom manfredi stole the limelight from ben flower and sam tomkins as wigan thrilled a 14,175 crowd at the dw stadium with an exciting 30-20 win over warrington.	wigan fans were delighted at half-time when the club announced the re-signing of tomkins on a four-year deal from new zealand warriors, starting next season.
england international sam tomkins rejected an offer from warrington in order to return to wigan.	the 2012 super league man of steel is to cut short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors and rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016.	tomkins, who left wigan at the end of their 2013 grand final triumph, sought a release from the last 12 months of his three-year contract with the auckland-based warriors.
manchester city's tenacious, creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent.	swansea's gerhard tremmel is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups.	tremmel has played second fiddle to michel vorm and then lukasz fabianski during his four years at swansea.
nigel pearson has revealed he has turned to former manager howard wilkinson to help leicester's survival bid.	the foxes boss has taken advice from wilkinson, who he played under at sheffield wednesday, as leicester battle the drop.	they host swansea on saturday looking for a third straight win and will escape the drop zone for the first time since november if burnley fail to win at everton and they beat swansea by three goals.
gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at valley parade.	paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left loftus road in 2011 and has attempted to buy birmingham city from carson yeung.	former qpr chief gianni paladini appears to be keen on taking over the reins at league one side bradford.
jenna louise driscoll, 25, was due to face brisbane magistrates on monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs, one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog.	police were carrying out checks on driscoll's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog.	after her second fail to appear, police issued an arrest warrant.
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters at real madrid's training ground on wednesday morning.	he was blamed for the goalless draw in the champions league.	it came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white bentley was attacked by fans.
alex oxlade-chamberlain could face reading in the fa cup semi-final.	arsene wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week.	oxlade-chamberlain has not played for more than five weeks.
diafra sakho is out for the remainder of the season after tearing a thigh on saturday against stoke city.	the 25-year-old is west ham's runaway top scorer this season with 12 goals.	west ham striker diafra sakho limps off against stoke city.
west ham united manager sam allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full premier league season after they dropped points by conceding late against stoke city.	the west ham starting xi included six summer signings with carl jenkinson and alex song the only ones to have played in the premier league before.	sam allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full barclays premier league season.
swansea manager garry monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on everton's season.	he is determined to stop his former manager roberto martinez profiting at his old liberty stadium stomping ground on saturday.	martinez was lauded by everton fans last season as the club qualified for europe.	but the going has been a lot tougher for the spaniard in his second season on saturday.
garry monk says he will listen to michu before deciding whether the spaniard has a future at the liberty stadium.	the once-capped spain striker has spent a frustrating season on loan at napoli.	injury has seen him make just five appearances for rafa bentitez's serie a giants.	monk has been keeping a close eye on michu during the spaniard's loan spell at italian outfit napoli.
nicola salerno has resigned from his role as leeds united's sporting director.	the 58-year-old italian's departure comes six days after leeds' assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended.	cellino banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4.
sean dyche has told striker danny ings to keep on smiling - and the goals will return.	the relegation-battling clarets have struggled for goals in recent weeks.	dyche said:' he's a very good player and a good young lad who is grounded.
tim sherwood returned to white hart lane with his aston villa side.	tottenham defender vlad chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans' dismay against villa.	sportsmail explains tim sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory against tottenham.
cristiano ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to send real madrid on their way to a 3-0 victory over eibar.	it was his 38th league goal of the season and with manchester united loanee javier' chicharito' hernandez scoring a second was another win that real madrid had wrapped up before half time as they continue their pursuit of leaders barcelona.	ronaldo had not scored a free-kick since last march.
cristiano ronaldo is to give real madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against rayo vallecano.	iker casillas, toni kroos, james rodriguez and gareth bale are all out of the clash.	jese is to start his first game in 389 days in bale's absence.
fernando torres scored his first ever league own goal as atletico madrid limped to a 2-2 draw against malaga.	the spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner at the near post over his own line to pull malaga back into the game before half-time.	torres has scored just four times for diego simeone's side.
iker casillas described the constant attention as real madrid's no 1 as' morbid' after keeping a clean sheet against rayo vallecano on wednesday.	the spain international has been subjected to heavy criticism throughout the season after making several high profile errors.	the spain goalkeeper rushes off his line to deny manucho as he beared down on goal.	casillas was asked after the match on wednesday whether he should be kept out of the firing line when real return to action at the bernabeu.
patient - known only as alex s - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in munich, germany, and was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435).	he believed the series of operations would help him regain his vitality and also cure his schizophrenia.	it is thought he believed the operation would help cure mr s.
stuart broad admits he was sorry to see paul downton leave his role in the ecb.	downton (centre) was sacked as ecb managing director after dismal world cup this year.	broad has backed alastair cook to score big runs during the series.
anderson and the england players are put through their paces as they sprint up a hill.	the lancastrian will do it remembering the times when it seemed he would become no more than a county bowler.	jimmy anderson takes part in an england practice session on saturday.
moeen ali says he is ready to take on australia’s two left-arm mitchells in the ashes.	moeen is planning to join up with the england squad ahead of the second test in the caribbean.	he intends to put to good use the experience gained during the world cup.
andrew strauss says the kevin pietersen affair is a' distraction' for english cricket.	pietersen begins his county comeback with surrey against oxford university.	strauss said on saturday that he can see no way back for the man he fell out with so badly over the messages pietersen sent to south african opponents.
thierry henry hailed' the detective' francis coquelin for his midfield display in arsenal's 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor.	the former gunners striker said that coquelin was his man of the match in arsenal's 1-0 win, and he labelled the 23-year-old' columbo'.	coquelin played a key role in aaron ramsey's 12th-minute goal when he intercepted a burnley pass and got his team on the front foot.	coquelin was arsenal's man of the match, according to former gunners striker henry.
west ham beat stoke 1-1 at upton park on upton park on saturday.	sam allardyce's side's' nerves and panic' saw stoke snatch a dramatic equaliser.	the irons looked to have done enough to battle to victory.	allardyce knows their position should have been much more comfortable.
charlie adam's 66-yard strike against chelsea as a potential goal of the season contender.	charlie adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour.	owen's comments surprised his colleagues on bt sport's fletch and sav show on saturday.
manchester city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday.	manuel pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league places this season.	the premier league champions have lost four of their last five games.
sarah sparkman, a lawyer from arkansas, tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized.	but just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on twitter.	screengrabs of the conversation on march 12 have been posted on sparkman's blog.
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the i-26 on monday.	dashcam footage shows a patrol car stopping in spartanburg, south carolina, after they spotted a woman sitting on the overpass.	hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the edge.	she was taken to a nearby gas station where emts arrived and transported her to hospital for an evaluation.
officer jeffrey swett was charged with attempted murder, assault and vehicle theft.	swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma.	bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder.
second-ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california -los angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win.	the usc women's tennis team won the pac-12 championship on thursday.	usc now finishes the season 21 - 2 while ucla is 18 - 4.
crowd tried to storm the club tsunami in the chilean capital santiago.	band were on stage at the time when a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub.	police general hugo insulza said the crush outside the club caused a structure inside the building to fall killing three and injuring three people.
stephen taylor went missing in the solent after leaving lee-on-solent in hampshire.	the 54-year-old experienced canoeist was in touch with his partner michelle fuller.	but when he failed to return home late in the evening she alrted police.	it is believed there may have been a sighting of mr taylor.
spider crabs migrate once a year in the port phillip bay area in southern victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound.	the creatures were found at blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration spot.
jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the sec' globe' centre in kiev, ukraine.	his friend jamal maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.	witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident.
sky's high-octane premier league coverage went head-to-head with arsenal v reading in the fa cup semi-final.	premier league has the money and prestige, but what the fa cup has is history.	gary lineker, alan shearer, jason roberts and ian wright fronted the bbc's coverage at wembley.
carlos tevez opened the scoring for juventus after 17 minutes.	leonardo bonucci pushed juve 15 points clear of second place with only seven games remaining.	lazio did mount a late rally at the juventus stadium.
bbc radio 5 live commentator mowbray's notes for monday night's premier league clash between liverpool and newcastle at anfield on monday night.	bbc commentator guy mowbray's commentary notes for liverpool's league match against newcastle.	mowbray has worked for the bbc since 2004.
lewis hamilton has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face with champagne.	the reigning world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season.	but his podium celebrations have drawn some criticism.
nathaniel clyne has been told he is england's first choice right-back by roy hodgson.	the southampton defender has fuelled talk that he could quit st mary's this summer.	clyne's excellent displays for the saints have thrust him into the forefront of hodgson's plans.	clyne has started england's previous four matches.
brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.	but the midfielder has once again not been fined after the liverpool boss spoke to him as well as ibe on thursday and the club insist the case is now closed.	rodgers and sterling were locked in discussions at the melwood training ground on friday.
fabricio coloccini has been skipper since 2011 but head coach john carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season.	the magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this summer.	daryl janmaat will be given the honour during the summer.
wayne rooney has rubbed salt into manchester city’s derby day wounds.	yaya toure and samir nasri said his team’s 4-2 win at old trafford was based on identifying fundamental flaws in manuel pellegrini’s team.	rooney has revealed that united's game plan was to target city's work-shy midfield.
ashley young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at manchester united.	the 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal.
tom ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad as derby twice came from behind to share the points in a thrilling 4-4 draw at huddersfield.	paul was in the stands as the on-loan hull player scored two long-range efforts for the visitors, one in each half.	ince is currently on loan at derby from premier league side hull city.
manuel pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in yaya toure but vowed to back the manchester city midfielder — at least until the end of the season.	sportsmail revealed city would listen to offers for the ivorian as they look to overhaul an ageing squad at the end of a faltering campaign.	toure, who has two years left on a £220,000-a-week deal, has come in for criticism.
manchester city's faltering season has been hit by another blow after it emerged vincent kompany may miss the remainder of the campaign.	the influential captain was substituted during sunday's 4-2 derby defeat at manchester united - a result that effectively ended their hopes of retaining their title.	kompany is not guaranteed to return this season after injuring himself in the manchester derby.
nico rosberg feels he may have handed lewis hamilton a psychological advantage with his post-chinese grand prix outburst.	rosberg, however, concedes he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised at the shanghai international circuit on sunday.	it was a sign of weakness from rosberg for allegedly slowing on purpose.
pep guardiola, the bayern munich coach, made it clear that he craved stability.	abramovich’s track record with managers had not been good, dispensing with claudio ranieri, jose mourinho, avram grant, luiz felipe scolari, carlo ancelotti and andre villas-boas when he raged against results.	bayern's dominance of the german domestic scene means guardiola may be tempted by a move this summer.
gary neville believes louis van gaal's greatest achievement as a football manager is the making of jose mourinho.	the duo have been friends since they enjoyed a successful relationship at the camp nou.	louis van gaal's greatest achievement in football is the making of jose mourinho, feels gary neville.	mourinho as his assistant manager at barcelona for three years in 1997.
the crew scoured a burning home in boise, idaho, searching for people shouting' help!' and' fire!' eventually, they found a pair of squawking birds.	the fire crew in boise, idaho, thought they were chasing human voices when the found the birds.	officials have yet to track down the birds' owners.
us youtube user elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg shown on the left) that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming:' the big egg has another normal egg in it!'
roma failed to make the most of lazio's defeat to league leaders juventus.	francesco totti gave roma the lead from the spot in the third minute.	atalanta leveled with a penalty of their own and roma could n't convert pressure into genuine goalscoring opportunities.
napoli beat cagliari 2-1 in the champions league alive.	jose callejon opened the scoring for rafa benitez's victory.	antonio balzano’s own-goal doubled napoli’s advantage in the second half.	manolo gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the partenopei.
carlo ancelotti has revealed karim benzema will miss real madrid's la liga game at home to malaga on saturday.	the frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem.	real madrid striker karim benzema has been ruled out of his side's la liga match against malaga.
managers at the passport agency, which made a £42 million profit during the chaos, received up to £3,500 in bonuses.	ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through, and even to some missed out on trips.
eric carter, 21, and stephanie mccassin, 24, charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving him a bath.	the child's grandmother told authorities she went to check on the parents (photographed) and found the two passed out on the bathroom floor while the child remained in the tub.	macdonald contacted authorities and removed the 3-year-old from the tub, according to the boston globe.
surveillance footage from philadelphia's 15th street station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40 on wednesday night.	but almost instantaneously, a man in an eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him.	transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men, who are expected to survive.
the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors.	passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon.
month-old cubs born march 11, captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg yesterday.	the jaguars are featured in the video away from their parents, and their father will not be involved in the upbringing of the cubs.
a peckish goat named clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats.	his head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.	clyde is forced to get down from his perch and back to all fours.
rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.	video footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
gareth bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of real madrid’s league game on saturday.	the welsh forward was forced off and faces a race to be fit for real's champions league quarter-final.	cristiano ronaldo was the first madrid player to go over to bale.
daniel steele, 25, was arrested at his home in raleigh, north carolina.	kimberly dianne richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of sunday.	her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at wakemed hospital.
bmw is recalling 91,800 mini coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash.	the problem affects the 2005 models of the mini cooper and cooper s.	bmw has announced that 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s will need to be recalled due to problems with the passenger detection system that could leave those in the car without an airbad.
miranda has revealed his delight at being linked with a move to louis van gaal's side.	brazilian centre back is said to be on van gaal's summer wishlist.	miranda has admitted he is' proud' to be linked with a move to manchester united.
england midfielders jordan henderson and jack wilshere are the surprise names on manchester city’s summer shopping list.	goalkeeper joe hart has often been the only one this season — and liverpool’s henderson and arsenal’s wilshere are deemed to be realistic targets.	city also maintain an interest in liverpool’s unsettled england forward raheem sterling, with 36-year-old frank lampard set to follow him out of the etihad stadium.
pedro's decision to consider his camp nou future could see him end up at anfield if liverpool sell raheem sterling.	the 27-year-old world cup winner would command £90,000-a-week wages – £10,000 less than sterling – understood to be available for £50million - would sell for.	sterling has attracted interest from arsenal, chelsea, manchester city and bayern munich.
brazilian starlet kenedy agreed to sell his economic rights to giuliano bertolucci's agency.	chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the 19-year-old brazilian starlet.	kenedy has been linked with a number of top european clubs.
robin van persie is a target for serie a sides juventus and inter milan.	the dutchman has been out of the picture during the club's rise up the table with an ankle ligament injury ruling him out for the past six weeks.	he has still managed 10 goals this season but his performances have been under par.
mats hummels has admitted he is considering his future at borussia dortmund.	the world cup winning defender has been linked with a move to manchester united.	hummels is at the perfect point in his career to leave jurgen klopp's side.
inter milan are prepared to offer yaya toure a five-year contract.	yaya toure will be offered a new deal by manchester city in the summer.	toure has the capacity to dominate games in serie a well into his mid-30s.
mats hummels has admitted he is considering his future at borussia dortmund.	the german centre-back gave an interview in kicker magazine last week in which he demanded a stronger dortmund team for next season.	the westphalians seem certain to miss out on a place in the champions league next season.
argentine wonderkid maxi romero has been dubbed the next lionel messi.	the gunners are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for the teenage sensation.	arsenal are confident of completing a deal for the 16-year-old in the coming days.
margaret river pro, the real prize has gone to the spectacular and sometimes frightening wipe-outs.	the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious' box' - a right hand barrel at margaret river's main break on wednesday.	kerr was surfing the notorious' box' at margaret river which is renowned for shallow surf break.
steven gerrard is set to embark on a new chapter with la galaxy.	the 34-year-old has flitted in and out of brendan rodgers’ side this season.	gerrard will end his long association with the club at the end of this season.
tim sherwood has confirmed he will start shay given against liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday, a day before the irishman turns 39.	the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa's fa cup matches this season.	sherwood watched his villa side in training on friday as they prepare for the weekend's crunch clash.
arsenal captain mikel arteta is confident it will take just' five minutes' to put the finishing touches to a contract extension once he is fully fit and back in the squad.	the 33-year-old spaniard is set to miss saturday's fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley as he recovers from a minor ankle problem.	arsenal captain mikel arteta is confident it will take just' five minutes' to finish a contract extension off.
sean dyche insists his team will not resort to diving and cheating in their battle against relegation.	dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during burnley's first season back in the barclays premier league.
paul scholes believes the turning point of manchester united’s season came when angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in fa cup as it allowed louis van gaal to turn to his fringe players.	di maria was sent off in the cup tie at old trafford after picking up two yellow cards – one for simulation and one for decent.	di maria was sent off against arsenal in the fa cup back in march.
calum chambers has enjoyed a promising start to his career in north london.	arsenal defender has established himself as a first team regular having already made 36 appearances for arsenal.	wenger told the 20-year-old he will play a central part in their future success.
tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling’s face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday.	footage emerged showing the liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide, a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria.	sherwood said:' let's hope he's not laughing after sunday.
jose mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books.	chelsea are forced to sell players such as juan mata to balance the books.	louis van gaal will be without michael carrick, phil jones and daley blind.
manny pacquiao plays the part of a young boxer as he rises from humble beginnings to a boxing career.	the film opened in philippine cinemas on wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the us and canada later this month.	pacquiao is preparing to take on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 in their $300million fight against pacquiao.
jordan spieth admits he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title in the 79th masters.	the 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods - whose 18-under total he equalled - after a closing 70 left him four shots ahead of justin rose and phil mickelson.	spieth became the first player to reach 19 under par at augusta and eventually won with an 18-under total.
rafa nadal beat frenchman lucas pouille in the monte carlo masters.	it was a businesslike display from the world no 5.	he didn’t unleash the full power of his forehand but played sensible, measured tennis and made only five unforced errors in the match.
wimbledon semi-finalist milos raonic and 19-year-old nick kyrgios will make their debuts at the aegon championships at queen's club this summer.	canada's raonic, ranked no 6 in the world, lost to roger federer in last year's wimbledon semi-final while kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over two-time champion rafael nadal.
djokovic eased into the third round of the monte carlo masters.	it was a comfortable win for djokovic who came through 6-1 6-4 and he faces andreas haider-maurer, who defeated bernard tomic in three sets, in the next round.	world number seven david ferrer joined djokovic in the third round.
the singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m), the french tennis federation has announced.	the tournament, held at roland garros and beginning on may 24, remains the grand slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion, lagging behind the australian open (£1.56m), wimbledon (£1.7m) and the us open (£2.03m).
felipe massa is preparing for the bahrain grand prix this weekend.	williams head of vehicle performance rob smedley claimed earlier this week.	massa appears to be a driver at the top of his game in 2008.
lewis hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix was' a fun thing'.	f1 championship leader hamilton walks in the paddock ahead of the 2015 bahrain formula one grand prix.	hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the chinese grand prix.
liu siying was pictured grimacing as lewis hamilton sprayed champagne at her face after winning the race.	the british formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl liu siying, who was pictured looking less than impressed.	but siying said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed.	others have called the driving ace an' embarrassment to the uk'.
renault managing director cyril abiteboul has declared to red bull team principal christian horner his aim that come late may there will be no further power-unit issues.	red bull owner dietrich mateschitz warned renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of formula one.	abiteboul has now confirmed of being aware of the fact the system had a fault.
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back grand nationals when many clouds galloped to a famous victory in the aintree sunshine.	the 25-1 shot, who was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup, is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize and in the process ended his trainer oliver sherwood’s wretched record in the race.
britain's no 1 tipster sam turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race.	ap mccoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite shutthefrontdoor.	sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
ap mccoy's mount shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million crabbie’s grand national on saturday.	ap mccoy, trained by jonjo o’neill, will be the subject of an avalanche of emotional support and many once-a-year punters will pin their hopes on mccoy delivering a result like he did in 2010 when he won this famous race on don’t push it.	mccoy seeks to end record-breaking career with victory on shutthefrontdoor in the grand national.
saracens back row billy vunipola has been called before a rugby football union disciplinary panel after being cited for striking leicester's mathew tait with his head on saturday.	the incident occurred in saracens' 22-6 win at allianz park, a match in which vunipola scored a try.	vunipola's case will be heard by a three-man panel on tuesday.
nathan charles has spoken out about being born with and overcoming cystic fibrosis.	he is in with an outside chance of making michael chieka's world cup squad later this year.	he spoke about his diagnosis with the life-threatening illness which affects the lungs, pancreas, kidneys and intestine.
scotland international centre matt scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season.	the 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for september’s world cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year.	he had played a major role in edinburgh’s run to the european challenge cup semi-final where they play newport gwent dragons at bt murrayfield.
alex hales claims he is still waiting for a' proper crack' at one-day international cricket.	the big-hitting batsman has nine england caps to date, since his debut against india last august.	but after opening alongside alastair cook four times in that series defeat, hales has played in only five of england's subsequent 18 matches.
mustafa kamal's resignation as international cricket council president has been accepted, it was confirmed after the governing body's quarterly meeting.	kamal's remarks were described at the time as' unfortunate' by icc chief executive david richardson.	kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in bangladesh's world cup defeat to india.
gary ballance scored 122 as england took firm control of the first test against the west indies in antigua.	ballance, who had a poor world cup, said:' it's been a tough winter but four bad innings do n't make you a bad cricketer'.
gary ballance produced an outstanding display with the bat against west indies on thursday.	he will be 35 on june 27, before the home ashes series starts.	andrew flintoff believes pietersen is now ‘ running out of time’ to resurrect his test career.
gary ballance receives treatment on the field after taking the wicket of kraigg brathwaite.	the yorkshireman has emerged as a consistent performer for england, passing 50 runs seven times in his last six tests.	joe root plays a shot during his 142-run total on day four at the sir vivian richards stadium.
anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the new orleans pelicans earned their first play-off berth since 2011 with a 108-103 victory over the san antonio spurs on wednesday.	davis, who'll make his play-off debut against the golden state warriors, came through in the waning minutes with two jumpers, two blocks and two rebounds to prevent the spurs from pulling off a 23-point comeback.	tyreke evans had 19 points and 11 assists, but the pelicans held the tiebreaker on head-to-head results.
aaron ramsey was relieved by arsenal ground their way past reading in extra time to return to the fa cup final.	ramsey told bbc one:' we knew it was going to be a tough game, they showed great character to come back into it and we were on the ropes at times.	it does n't matter how, we're in another final.	' alexis sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici.
alan pardew has warned crystal palace's barclays premier league admirers that if they want to sign yannick bolasie this summer then the bidding will have to start at £20million.	it has been suggested that a £10m bid could tempt palace into selling the winger, who has excelled since pardew arrived in january and launched the club up the table.	alan pardew says bolasie bidding will have to start at £20m for his star to leave selhurst park on saturday.
southampton face hull city at st mary's premier league on saturday.	filip djuricic has been ruled out of saturday's premier league clash with hull.	goalkeeper fraser forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery.
ronald koeman believes southampton will have to win their six remaining games.	ronald koeman believes his side must win their last six games to finish inside top four.	saints are five points behind man city.
ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson's england squad.	the 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for southampton.	bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at st mary's.
stoke are set to complete their third signing from barcelona in less than two years.	potters manager mark hughes has already snapped up bojan krkic and marc muniesa from the nou camp and teenager el ouriachi now looks to be on his way to the britannia stadium this summer.	potters have already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa from barcelona in the last two years.
mauricio pochettino believes harry kane deserves to pip eden hazard to the player of the year award.	spurs boss mauricio pochettino says kane deserves to win the award for his impact on english football.	but pochettino says kane, who could become the first spurs player to score 30 goals in a season since gary lineker achieved the feat 27 years ago, should take the award.
winston reid signed six-and-a-half-year deal with west ham last month.	the 26-year-old signed from danish side midtjylland in august 2010.	reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at west ham.
west ham manager sam allardyce is not bothered by how manchester city will react to their slump, only that his own players produce the goods at the etihad stadium on sunday.	west ham manager sam allardyce will hope for a strong end to the season, but it has threatened to tail off.	west ham will be without senegal forward diafra sakho because of a thigh strain has ruled out diafra sakho.
leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award.	celtic boss ronny deila and assistant john collins did not hold back in dealing with the gifted but wild natural talent, wielding a big stick in a bid to persuade griffiths that the carrot wasn’t such a bad alternative to chips and tea cakes.
ronny deila's impact sub leigh griffiths for his hat-trick performance in celtic’s comeback premiership win over kilmarnock.	ronny deila's manager said the striker’s desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi.	griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a treble that takes celtic ever closer.
jose mourinho insists jurgen klopp is not coming to take his job.	the 47-year-old german has been tipped to make the move to england next season.	mourinho admits he has no idea where klopp will end up - but knows it will not be at stamford bridge.
jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of under pressure colleague manuel pellegrini.	jose mourinho has overseen a poor run of form at manchester city.	he even offered support to manuel pellegrini, claiming the manchester city boss had been treated like a' criminal' after losing six games.
stuart mccall admits he will become a livingston fan for the day on wednesday as he prays the scottish championship strugglers can do his side's play-off bid a favour.	livingston gave rangers a headache last week when they held them to a 1-1 draw at the energy assets arena and they now take on hibernian in midweek.	mccall believes his side's main promotion rivals could drop points against livingston on wednesday.
steven gerrard playing out his own emotional journey in sunday's fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley.	the brazilian has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years.	he missed the 2012 league cup final on his 35th birthday.
shadow health secretary and keen football fan andy burnham said the move could unlock £400 million to nurture the talents of stars over the course of the next parliament.	he said labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities and projects.
jonny howson made a triumphant return to elland road to nudge norwich one step closer to the premier league.	howson marked his first game back at his old club by making the breakthrough in the 57th minute to keep alex neil’s side in the automatic promotion places.	howson refuses to celebrate after winning a first-half penalty when he was bundled over by current leeds skipper liam cooper.
simon mignolet insists choosing between an fa cup victory and finishing in the top four would be like preferring one of his parents over the other.	liverpool goalkeeper philippe coutinho even suggested as much ahead of their quarter-final replay at blackburn last week.	reds misfit mario balotelli attempts an unorthodox pass as team-mates watch on amused.
bayern munich manager pep guardiola blamed his team's champions league quarter-final first-leg defeat by porto on injuries.	pep guardiola says his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals.	porto manager julen lopetegui said his side will need to be' perfect' in the second leg.
lazio carry an eight-game winning streak in serie a into saturday's match at league leaders juventus.	the biancoceleste, who have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six italian league games, will attempt to solidify their grip on second place.	head coach stefano pioli says his side will go' all out for victory' against juventus on saturday.
manchester united beat 4-2 derby victory over city at manchester city.	the dutchman spent long periods of the season under fire for the disjointed performances of his misfiring team but is now basking in the glory of a dramatic upturn in fortunes.
manchester united are third, eight points behind leaders chelsea.	chris smalling scored united's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby demolition.	united beat champions manchester united 2-1 in their penultimate league game.
emmanuel adebayor is sometimes branded' eccentric' by pundits, writers and fans alike.	the bizarre post on adebayor's official instagram account emerged on sunday, just a few days after the togo international had taken to twitter to insist he was committed to fighting for his place in the spurs team.	adebayor has one year left to run on his current contract at white hart lane, but his inconsistent form has led to few assurances over his future.
fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in rio's waterways, which are choked with raw sewage and rubbish.	the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions.	the city's waste management company have been brought in to clear the lake of the dead fish.
the sncf company made an official complaint to french prosecutors saying the action in sunday's prestigious race had risked a deadly tragedy.	the last of the riders went through the barrier in northern france about eight seconds before the tgv train arrived at the waller crossing, 87 kilometers (54 miles) from the end of the so called' hell of the north' race.	sncf have spoken of their fury at the riders who breached a safety barrier as a train approached.
brendan rodgers, subdued and disconsolate, admitted as much in his post-match debrief.	he knows liverpool have been let off the hook and now he wants to see a response.	dejan lovren will be hoping to keep his place after appearing in liverpool's win over blackburn.
brendan rodgers will have to plan without the services of mamadou sakho.	french centre-back faces three to four weeks out of action with hamstring injury.	sakho limped off the field during liverpool's fa cup quarter-final victory.
jordon ibe is on the verge of signing a new long-term contract.	brendan rodgers must address is whether to stick with the 4-3-3 formation he used at blackburn in the fa cup last wednesday.	ibe has been absent since damaging knee ligaments against besiktas on february 26.
mario balotelli revealed his delight on twitter after manchester city forward sergio aguero struck early on against manchester united.	argentine striker aguero tweeted:' yeeeees city @ aguerosergiokun!!!! 1-0 old trafford... stand up and shut up.	sergio aguero struck after eight minutes to give city the lead but they were blitzed by united in a 4-2 loss.	balotelli and his liverpool team-mates face newcastle united on monday night.
kimi raikkonen finished fourth at the chinese grand prix in shanghai.	ferrari have proved more competitive in the first three races of this season than they were last year.	raikkonen was reeling in team-mate sebastian vettel and may well have claimed third.
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne were among the premier league stars to attend a special event to tackle ebola on sunday night.	the event was a fundraising reception for the charity, which was founded by cole and godfrey torto.	pictures from the event were shared on the charity's facebook page.
manny pacquiao decided to train on the streets of los angeles on friday as he ran along the trail at griffith park ahead of his highly-anticipated fight against floyd mayweather.	the filipino swapped the gym for the great outdoors as he worked on his fitness and stamina in preparation for what could be a lengthy bout against his welterweight rival.	pacquiao was joined by his dog pacman as he ran around one of north america's largest urban parks.
manny pacquiao has unveiled the mouth guard he will use in his money-spinning fight with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2.	a video of pacquiao shows him surrounded by supporters, with many taking pictures on their phone and some holding signs for the filipino boxer.	pacquiao decided to reward them by showing off the bright and multicoloured mouth guard which he will use for the bout.
louis van gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on sunday night.	he was snapped with manchester city women's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen in a restaurant.	wing's is the go-to place for footballers in manchester, with england and united captain wayne rooney among its regulars, but the only city stars in sight were duggan and christiansen.
danny ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the premier league.	liverpool maintain an interest in the player and were prepared to exploit a premier league loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer.	louis van gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals and secure the services of the 22-year-old.
stuart pearce believes manchester city manager manuel pellegrini deserves more time to turnaround the club’s dwindling fortunes.	stuart pearce believes manuel pellegrini should be given more time to turn manchester city around.	pearce told talksport: ‘ the club is at a stature now where they look to continually be in the champions league and win premier leagues.
david villa has taken another bite out of the big apple scene as he was invited to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange.	the 33-year-old, who made the move to the newly formed mls outfit this season, has really thrown himself into his surroundings.
craig gardner hailed a' massive' win for west brom at crystal palace.	the midfielder scored a spectacular strike as former palace boss tony pulis enjoyed a 2-0 win on his first return to selhurst park.	the welshman left palace on the eve of the new season and has since taken over.
donovan chandler is a liverpool fan writer on 90min.com.	he has amassed a grand total of zero league titles.	benitez won the fa cup with liverpool in 2006 on penalties against west ham.
wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season's grand final, earning a six-month ban.	the 27-year-old, who came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of thursday's match, told the daily star sunday:' i was surprised how calm i was, with everything going through my head about doing the right things.	' but i did n't expect such a big loud roar and a standing ovation.	for the fans to stick by me like that is a credit to them,' he said.
peter houston goaded his vanquished rival alan stubbs after falkirk stunned hibernian to steal a 1-0 scottish cup semi-final triumph at hampden.	the broadside was in response to stubbs insisting it’s hibs who fully deserve to be waiting for inverness caledonian thistle or celtic in next month’s showpiece at the national stadium after bossing the match.	sibbald salutes the travelling falkirk supporters after scoring the decisive goal in the 74th minute.
gary neville has laid into referee lee mason after he failed to award newcastle a penalty during their 2-0 defeat at liverpool on monday night.	ayoze perez felled by a reckless challenge from dejan lovren.	although replays clearly showed the defender scything perez down and not making contact with the ball, sending the spaniard tumbling.	lovren makes a rash challenge and does not make any contact with the ball.
manchester united beat manchester united 2-0 at old trafford on sunday.	louis van gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours and just one point adrift of arsenal who currently occupy second place in the division.
wolves are seven points behind boro but are fourth in the premier league.	aitor karanka is not wasting his time on permutations.	lee tomlin fires middlesbrough 1-0 ahead against rotherham united.	head coach kenny jackett insists that his side are not getting carried away.
middlesbrough manager aitor karanka said his players deserve to be in the premier league after a surprise victory against norwich moved them top of the championship.	alex tettey’s early own goal handed the carrow road visitors a slim victory and threw the title race wide open with just two points separating the top four after last night’s match.	they could be overtaken on saturday when bournemouth, who relinquished first place, play their game in hand against sheffield wednesday and watford, the fourth team with a strong chance, host birmingham this afternoon.
ben gibson, 22, is widely considered to be one of middlesbrough's greatest-ever players, and starred in gibson's foray into computerised football management during his teenage years.	his uncle, boro chairman steve gibson, has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history.
matthew connolly has only been at the club for a month but struck a goal that proved key at a stadium that has humbled all three of their nearest promotion rivals.	watford forward odion ighalo celebrates having given the hornets the lead after just four minutes.	connolly gets the better of nottingham forest defender jack hobbs to double forest's advantage.
ryan dearnley won the chance to walk out at wembley when the royals beat huddersfield in the third round.	footage of him backing arsenal in the huddersfield examiner sparked a furious response from reading supporters.	championship side reading eliminated huddersfield in the third round on their way to meeting arsenal.
yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city, but the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer.	sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the premier league champions will listen to offers for the ivorian.	sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the premier league champions will listen to offers for the ivorian.
sven goran eriksson delivered a damning verdict on his old club.	former manchester city manager said they should be winning the premier league.	eriksson was the last manager at city before the club was taken over.
manchester city stars yaya toure, sergio aguero, martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala, who chose to pull on their woolies for april's blockbuster manchester derby in front of an unforgiving old trafford crowd.	the season that brings with it' the sweet smell of different flowers in odor and in hue'.
paul scholes hopes ryan giggs will go on and be one of the best manager's in the world once he has done his apprenticeship under louis van gaal.	scholes does not believe there is a british manager who can turn those fortunes around.	scholes believes jurgen klopp would be a welcome addition to the premier league.
jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday after seven years.	the 47-year-old announced on wednesday he will be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven successful years at the bundesliga club.	former manchester city midfielder dietmar hamann believes klopp would be the ideal fit as manager there.
watford beat birmingham 1-0 in the 56th minute.	craig cathcart fired watford into the lead with a stunning strike.	matt ritchie put bournemouth ahead against sheffield wednesday.	chris maguire's follow-up was deflected up and onto the crossbar.
gary neville says manuel pellegrini should be' able to correct the things that have gone wrong'.	the former manchester united defender has been critical of pellegrini's side in recent weeks as the reigning premier league champions have seen their chances of retaining the crown slip following a dismal run of form and results.
paris saint-germain's david luiz brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain thiago silva in the first half.	brazilian defender luis suarez scored a double in barcelona's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday night.
roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease striker romelu lukaku through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to.	the belgium international is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to burnley.	considering the workload the 21-year-old has had over the last 10 months.
roberto martinez has not ruled out the prospect of antolin alcaraz or sylvain distin earning new contracts but stressed they can still be important figures in the club's future.	roberto martinez insists 37-year-old defender sylvain distin still has time to prove he deserves a new deal.	distin has played more for everton's youth team than the first xi in the past month.
super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup.	the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at leigh sports village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches.	leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup.
united arab emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 rugby league world cup.	president of uaerl believes it has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure, to host the world cup.	mokdad told the national, one of uae's main newspapers.
huddersfield coach paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence as they look to start climbing back up the super league ladder.	the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period.	paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his hudderfield side's misfiring attack to climb up super league.	anderson says there is no hiding when facing catalans dragons.
louis van gaal said that is a great time to be a manchester united supporter.	united moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in the premier league.	louis van gaal thanked manchester united supporters for their patience.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday.	louis van gaal's men continued their excellent run of form and a champions league spot looks all but assured now for them after their manchester derby victory.	city's results since going joint top of the barclays premier league on new year's day make abysmal reading for a side of their quality.
yaya toure's attacking gifts are n't enough to make up for his defensive deficiencies anymore.	gary neville in a scathing attack on the ivorian following manchester city's 4-2 derby loss to united.	neville says the club need to get rid of' weeds in the garden'.
alex hales and chris woakes, two foot soldiers in the recent world cup fiasco, called for some rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened.	hales was at edgbaston on thursday at the launch of this season's t20 domestic competition.
kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad.	the dual ashes-winning all-rounder is less convinced, however, about pietersen's prospects of forcing his way back into test contention.	former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career.
andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast - and under-pressure test captain alastair cook.	the blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format, with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as brendon mccullum set to take part.	cook is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue test century - to add to his record 25.	he nonetheless has a supporter in former england team-mate and fellow 2009 ashes-winner flintoff.
michael vaughan has been linked with the newly created role of director of england cricket.	but in his role as a commentator for test match special the former england skipper put the ultimate curse on cook by praising him moments before he lost his wicket in the second innings.	cook has struggled with the bat over the last year.
bayern munich coach pep guardiola says his team's injury situation is' critical, very critical' ahead of the bundesliga match against eintracht frankfurt and the champions league quarter final game against fc porto.	guardiola spoke after defender mehdi benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.	bayern need four more wins to secure the bundesliga title.
bayern munich will be without midfielders bastian schweinsteiger and franck ribery when they travel to porto for wednesday's champions league quarter-final first leg.	frenchman ribery is not yet fully fit following a five-week absence with an ankle injury.	schweinsteiger has had a virus for the past few days.
manchester city are planning to table a mega-bid for raheem sterling on the day the transfer window reopens.	the liverpool forward is a primary target for manchester city this summer.	man city are planning a mega-bid to sign liverpool star raheem sterling.
daley blind has hailed a pre-match team talk from skipper wayne rooney about ending their run of four successive losses against city with giving the united players an extra edge on sunday.	wayne rooney mentioned that in the dressing room before the game to all the players and it is something that you have in mind when you go on to the pitch.
angel di maria and radamel falcao were left on the bench by louis van gaal on sunday.	angel di maria came on for juan mata in the 81st minute at old trafford.	angel di maria replaced belgian marouane fellaini with seven minutes.
manuel pellegrini accepted the blame on sunday night for the emphatic manchester derby defeat on sunday afternoon.	manchester united heaped more pressure on the beleaguered city boss with a 4-2 win at old trafford.	manuel pellegrini admitted that the spirit within his squad is a concern as he tries to arrest the slump.
sir vivian richards believes james anderson will be remembered as an england great and a worthy heir to sir ian botham.	anderson will earn his 100th test cap on monday when england take on the west indies at the antiguan ground that bears richards' name.	anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england's top test wicket taker.
jimmy anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua on monday.	sportsmail's lawrence booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for burnley, lancashire and england.	anderson needs only three wickets to equal sir ian botham.
alastair cook must somehow shut out the deafening noise enveloping english cricket and concentrate on what has become one of the most important test series of his career.	there has been so much happening, from the demise of paul downton, to speculation surrounding the new director of cricket and the ever-present spectre of kevin pietersen.	cook and his england team-mates share a few words in practice ahead of the first test on monday.
kevin pietersen battered oxford’s students for 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months.	insisted the incoming ecb chairman colin graves has told him everyone has a ‘ clean slate’.	pietersen’s quest for an improbable return to international cricket began as his scriptwriter must have known it would: with sumptuous strokes, rain or shine.
steve clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper adam federici to help him get over his wembley gaffe.	the australian blew his side’s chances of beating arsenal in saturday’s fa cup semi-final by spilling alexis sanchez’s shot into his own net in extra time.	federici tries to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game.
brendan rodgers admits liverpool’s big-game mentality must improve.	liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2-1 defeat by aston villa.	aston villa captain fabian delph shoots past liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet to put his side in the lead.
jimmy floyd hasselbaink may have steered burton albion to promotion but that does not mean the rookie manager’s season is over.	the dutchman turned his attention to winning a championship medal.	burton albion's manager jimmy floyd hasselbaink is happy to be promoted.
obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of europe’s top clubs.	sportsmail understands 19-year-old oulare was the reason the scouts from england and germany were in attendance.	oulare is the son of former guinea international souleymane oulare.
ashley shupe claims kaiden, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating.	she claims to repeated' taunting, bullying and physical assault' inflicted by one student in his class at oakmont elementary school in dickson county, tennessee.
british singer-songwriter is the reigning king of sending music-listeners to the land of nod - presumably through his song's relaxing qualities.	music streaming service spotify has analysed over 2.8 million users' playlists labelled' sleep', and sheeran's thinking out loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to.
pennslyvania police officer lisa mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of david kassick.	kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground on february 2.	mearkle, 36, claimed she shot kassick in self-defense because she saw him reach into his jacket for a weapon.	mearkle, who is free on bail but is under electronic monitoring.
crystal mcnaughton from long beach, california, filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee.	as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays, footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant's face.
steven gerrard looked glum at boujis nightclub in kensington sunday night after being knocked out of the fa cup on sunday.	liverpool captain spent the evening in the vip room with friends, knowing full well that defeat by aston villa at wembley.	sunday's loss means there will be no birthday fa cup final for him on may 30.	gerrard looked glum after it was confirmed he would end the season without a trophy before moving on.
michael fyson, 77, has grown his own fruit and veg for more than 10 years.	but the broadway allotment association member says soil at the group's new site is' dreadful'.
ankit keshri had passed away after suffering' cardiac arrest following on-field injury'.	keshri collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in kolkata.	keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder.
manchester united beat west ham 1-0 at the etihad stadium.	victor valdes, angel di maria, pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo embraced as they dined at the popular san carlo restaurant.	united's no 2 goalkeeper victor valdes was also in attendance.	rojo was ruled out of united's weekend clash against chelsea.
saturday's visit of fleetwood town, who were eyeing the beach after their play-off hopes had all but evaporated, hardly promised to be a thriller.	doncaster's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of 0-0 draw.	doncaster's league one encounter against fleetwood tested the patience of the most ardent fan.
jay hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught having drunken sex in the dugout.	he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media and has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend bryony hibbert's forgiveness.	hart was sacked by the club, which play in evo-stik division 1 north.
james collins bizarrely scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head at the weekend.	shatnawi appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play after initially making a good save.	he kept his eyes on the ball, leaned back, and the ball drifted into his own net.
queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side as he annual visit to newbury’s opening ended with two near-misses.	capel path, ridden by ryan moore and trained by sir michael stoute, finished third to richard hannon’s desert force in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap but only managed to come close with two near-misses at newbury.
lionel messi has taken home after scoring a hat-trick in barcelona's 2-2 draw.	the barcelona star has scored so many trebles at club level.	messi has some trouble remembering the 96 which arrived in just 32 matches.
david de gea and victor valdes made the most of the english sun with a trip to a theme park on tuesday afternoon.	the spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time just days after united's impressive win against fierce rivals manchester city.	it has certainly been a rollercoaster season for the red devils.
christian eriksen was spotted smooching with stunning girlfriend sabrina kvist in central london.	the lovestruck couple, who have been together almost three years, could n't keep their hands, or lips, off each other as they walked through soho.	eriksen started this season in tremendous form, with nine premier league goals.
jack wilshere took to social media to thank fans for their support at the emirates stadium on monday night.	the england international returned from injury to captain the arsenal’s u21 side against reading in the top-of-the-table clash.	serge gnabry and abou diaby also featured in the game, but a goal from niall keown, the son of former north london favourite martin, condemned them to defeat.
mack, 23, claims mma fighter koppenhaver, 33, became abusive months into their one-year relationship.	she is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder.	mack described the attack, claiming koppenhaver cut off her hair with a blunt knife.
chris robshaw is braced for further scrutiny after he was caught on camera holidaying in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake.	the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in world cup year.
david alaba has given bayern munich some good news after posting a video on his instagram of the cast being removed following his recent knee ligament damage.	the austrian international is a key player for bayern munich now his cast has been removed.	the versatile star had his cast signed by all his team-mates who arrived in portugal on monday.
fabio borini enjoys a day out at go ape in delamere forest park.	the former swansea striker made the most of the warm weather as he spent the day at the cheshire forest.	borini appeared as a second-half substitute during liverpool's 2-0 win against newcastle on monday.	borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the reds this season.
police say witnesses told them that around midnight on saturday night that gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where corinthians' fan group pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass.	an eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died.	detective arlindo jose negrao ruled out a fight between rival fan groups.
serafim todorov, the last man to beat floyd mayweather in the boxing ring, now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the bulgarian government.	mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against manny pacquiao on may 2 and is unbeaten in 49 professional fights.	mayweather is unbeaten in 47 professional contests and considered one of the richest athletes in the world.
manchester city risk losing star man sergio aguero should they slip out of the premier league's top four.	but the biggest challenge for manchester city this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have.
fox sports australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up.	presenter briony ingerson posted the image from an'african-themed party' almost three months ago, writing that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on network ten program' i'm a celebrity... get me out of here!'
great grey owls stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario, canada.	its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws.	its soft feathers allow the bird to glide unheard, taking its prey by surprise.
david raven reflected on a' dream come true' after his last-gasp winner sent inverness through to their first-ever william hill scottish cup final at the expense of favourites celtic.	the 30-year-old raven, who has only managed a handful of goals in his entire career, struggled to describe how he felt following an eventful match which he admitted could have gone either way.	celtic took an 18th-minute lead through virgil van dijk's brilliant free-kick and then had loud claims for a clear penalty turned down just before half-time when the ball struck josh meekings' hand a yard from goal.	celtic goalkeeper craig gordon sent off for bringing down marley watkins.
masked gunman fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt.	it is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene.	shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting.
islamic state has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos.	with the fighting fiercer than ever, the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks.
sam schmidt drove on the long beach grand prix road course sunday.	when sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000.	his team thought he would never walk, let alone, let alone drive again, according to espn.
'rich', who lives in humpty doo, northern territory, detailed his dream girl on gumtree.	the 31-year-old's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner, and his potential partner would' receive lots of benefits'.	rich' promised' all reasonable offers will be considered'.
cooperative weather and the efforts of hundreds of firefighters helped beat back flames sunday that had threatened hundreds of homes near a southern california dam.	evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles.	flames burn just after nightfall in the prado dam flood control basin adjacent to homes.
cincinnati enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. sunday.	photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.	cincinnati police officer douglas swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant.	he says she was headed north on reading road in cincinnati.
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning, and was lucky to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the decatur condo safely.	however, all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble, and in her efforts to get her family back on their feet.	dixon was renting the condo in the last four years, she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management.
bruce jenner, whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable cameron crowe.	he makes a joking reference to jenner's (above) transition while discussing his upcoming film aloha, writing in one email ;' i'm never starting a movie again when the script is ridiculous.	this while the two are discussing crowe's upcoming film aloha (above), which stars emma stone and bradley cooper.	jenner meanwhile is set to discuss his transition in an upcoming inter with diane sawyer.
gainesville police said jerald christopher' jc' jackson entered an acquaintance's apartment saturday with two men.	police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun.	police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
new video of rihanna at the coachella music festival appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose.	clip, posted on instagram and quickly deleted, show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her.	after the camera cuts to her friends, it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds.
villagers in ansai, shaanxi province, dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water.	but the pumped it to the surface, only to discover it was so polluted it could be set on fire.	local officials say they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station, the people's daily online reports.
puppies spend their time discovering the world with more enthusiasm than any human could muster.	the bulldog puppy named hazel stands inside the basket and rather foolishly leans up against the side of it.	suddenly the basket falls onto its side sending a surprised hazel sprawling onto the floor.
denis cuspert, 39, dubbed the' goebbels of isis', sings about planning attacks in britain, germany and france, rapping' we want your blood'.	this follows reports that british police have raised security levels ahead of several world war i commemorative events taking place next week.	anzac day, which takes place on april 25, honours australian and new zealand soldiers who have died in war.
ian wright has hailed chelsea's up-and-coming star jay dasilva.	the 16-year-old was part of the chelsea under 19 team that won the uefa youth league by beating shakhtar donetsk in monday's final in nyon, switzerland.	wright also tipped dasilva's team-mates tammy abraham, charly musonda and charlie colkett to enjoy bright futures in the game.
izzy brown has spoken of the incredible weekend after chelsea won the uefa youth league either side of a call-up to jose mourinho's first-team squad.	izzy brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire chelsea's youth team to glory in the uefa youth league clash at queens park rangers on sunday.	but just a few hours later he was out in nyon scoring twice and captaining his side in becoming champions.	brown's close-range finish gave chelsea a seventh-minute lead against shakhtar in the final.
tim sherwood said his aston villa team ‘bamboozled’ liverpool and paid tribute to christian benteke, fabian delph and jack grealish, the teenager who shone on his wembley debut.	sherwood was dealt a blow by gabby agbonlahor’s failure to overcome a hamstring injury, but adapted his plans to brilliant effect as liverpool struggled to cope with villa’s fluid attack.	christian benteke is congratulated by aston villa team-mate fabian delph after scoring at wembley.
philipp lahm's tackle on a team-mate at bayern munich's training ground appeared innocuous enough, until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble.	lahm lay on the turf with what was later diagnosed as a broken ankle, the physio tended to him as best he could, while an ambulance was summoned to take him to a local hospital.
pep guardiola has denied a rift with former bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt, who quit the club on thursday after' being blamed' for the defeat by porto.	the 72-year-old, who had worked at bayern for almost 40 years, claiming' the bond of trust is damaged', but guardiola has played down claims of a feud.	he told reporters in the wake of a shock champions league quarter-final defeat by porto.
randy lerner will attend aston villa’s fa cup final against arsenal.	villa chief executive tom fox said the american owner was delighted by the 2-1 win and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the atlantic.	fox, who sacked paul lambert and hired tim sherwood, said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club.	lerner missed villa's 2-1 win over liverpool at wembley.
jose mourinho is planning a summer swoop for atletico madrid midfielder koke.	the club's technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday.	the 23-year-old signed a long-term deal with diego simeone's side only last year.	mourinho is reportedly planning to offer second-choice left-back filipe luis to his former club as a makeweight for the deal.
paul smith throws a punch towards arthur abraham during their title fight in berlin in february.	andre ward, still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring, sees smith as the ideal warm-up opponent, possibly before a rematch with carl froch.	kell brook could have had his much-craved battle of britain... if eddie hearn had not been so' disrespectful', claims amir khan's dad shah.
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook’s ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30.	talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen.	sportsmail understands an announcement on the fight could be made as early as friday.
manchester united scouts are due to watch inter milan striker mauro icardi.	united have had staff at inter's games with sampdoria and parma.	icardi has turned down inter's latest contract offer but talks with the former barcelona junior are continuing.	chelsea, manchester city and arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old.
real madrid are keeping tabs on raheem sterling.	raheem sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay at anfield.	liverpool manager brendan rodgers has admitted liverpool may struggle to attract top players.
flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his albert park dream home in may last year.	mr harris, who definitely knows how to strike a favourable deal, accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on saturday.
gareth bale is a huge doubt for real madrid's champions league quarter-final.	the welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off.	los blancos are also without croatian midfielder luka modric.
manchester city take on chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final.	jason wilcox wants to emulate manchester united's' class of 92'.	jason wilcox, paul scholes, nicky butt, ryan giggs and david beckham among those coach patrick vieira.
jay hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs.	his team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at mossley's seel park stadium in the final game of the season which was billed as a' ladies day' to attract more female supporters.	hart was sacked by the club, which play in evo-stik division 1 north.
elche striker jonathas scored to clinch a 1-0 win over real sociedad in la liga on monday night.	the striker took advantage of some poor control and hesitation by sociedad midfielder markel bergara to steal the ball before racing away unchallenged to score his 10th goal of the season.	xabi prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side.
nottingham forest will make a renewed move for blackburn's £10million-rated striker jordan rhodes this summer.	forest manager dougie freedman failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in march as blackburn rebuffed interest from forest, derby, norwich and middlesbrough.	rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons.
hannover fired coach tayfun korkut on monday after a run of 13 games without a win left the club close to the bundesliga's relegation zone.	the 51-year-old frontzek worked as an assistant at hannover from 2004 to 2005.	tayfun korkut has been named as his successor, signing a contract valid for the remaining five matches of the season.
lukas podolski insists he is prepared to fight for his place at arsenal.	german forward has yet to score since arriving in serie a in january.	arsenal made it to back-to-back fa cup finals over the weekend.
terence crawford defeated thomas dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out.	crawford remained undefeated, winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight moving up in class.	crawford was a two-time wbo champion, winning the latest title in his first fight since moving up in class.
lucas matthysse won a majority decision against ruslan provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on saturday night.	matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near provodnikov's left eye early in the second.	provodnikov (24-3) put matthysse on the ropes late in the third round and landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth before matthysse (37-3) regained control in the fifth.	he continued to use his three-inch reach advantage to keep provodnikov at bay.
derry mathews has won the interim wba lightweight title after being handed a unanimous points decision over tony luis in liverpool.	mathews saw richar abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness to be striped of the belt and just this week replacement ismael barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa.	mathews made the brighter start and kept luis contained behind the jab while landing a decent uppercut at the end of the second round.
manny pacquiao's trainer freddie roach says floyd mayweather does not deserve to be ranked alongside manny pacquiao.	roach says he rated super-middleweight star andre ward and middleweight sensation gennady golovkin above mayweather despite the american’s unbeaten record and his status as hot favourite for the may 2 showdown against pacquiao.	roach has been vocal in an otherwise low-key and surprisingly respectful build-up to the welterweight showdown next month.
belfast boys are part of a franchise team, fighting individually over five three-minute rounds.	wsb boxers are part of the convoluted new structure that once was' amateur' boxing.	barnes and conlan lands a right jab on matthew martin during his bantamweight bout in glasgow.
nicola adams is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week.	adams insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves.	adams will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance in liverpool.
jack nicklaus believes it is time for the' young guys to take over' after jordan spieth's record-breaking masters victory on sunday.	nicklaus was hugely impressed by spieth's four-shot win over justin rose and phil mickelson, which saw him set 36 and 54-hole scoring records, equal the 72-hole record set by tiger woods in 1997 and also become the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta.
spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the masters at augusta.	but it did n't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest rory mcilroy as the world no 1 golfer finished strongly for fourth.	wozniacki and mcilroy dated for more than two years.
gael monfils beat roger federer in straight sets at the monte carlo masters.	frenchman monfils beat the former world no 1 6-4, 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter.	federer started smoothly and broke back with a double fault.
roger federer spent less than one hour on court in his monte carlo opener with a 6-2, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the last 16.	federer, who has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training, played his first match since his loss in the indian wells final in march.	the match was federer's first since his loss in the indian wells final.
lewis hamilton has told nico rosberg he will do his talking' on the track' as the two title contenders prepare to renew their rivalry in the desert.	the mercedes men left shanghai after the chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced.	but hamilton, speaking ahead of sunday's race in bahrain, adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles.
mike tindall and wife zara philipps run his heart out and wanted to be in place for when the old warrior, who was sent off unconsidered at 40/1, returned.	tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen monbeg dude, the horse whom he owns with james simpson-daniel and nicky robinson.	monbeg dude is now 10 and according to his jockey liam treadwell.
saracens breathed a huge sigh of relief on tuesday night.	billy vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting mathew tait.	rfu disciplinary panel dismissed charge that vunipola had recklessly led with his head in a incident which left the leicester full back prone on the ground.	saracens are the last remaining english club in the competition.
billy vunipola takes on niall morris during saracens' aviva premiership win over leicester.	the 22-year-old faces an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck leicester’s mathew tait.	vunipola was penalised for coming in at the side of a ruck but not for making contact with his head.
james anderson induced an edge from west indies captain denesh ramdin on the final day of the first test in antigua for his 384th test scalp on friday, breaking sir ian botham's record which had stood for 23 years.	anderson, 32, broke the record in the same match which saw him collect his landmark 100th cap for england, although there was disappointment as england could not force a victory.	anderson said he had no intention of setting himself targets in terms of either tests played or wickets taken for england.
michael clarke believes kevin pietersen could play in this summer's ashes test series.	the 34-year-old has not played for his country since the fifth test in sydney, a match england lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat down under.	pietersen was described as' disengaged' from his team-mates during that final test by england and wales cricket board managing director paul downton.
the mcc has announced the latest phase of its' masterplan' redevelopment of lord's which includes the' tired' tavern and allen stands.	the intention is to build a single new structure in their place, with more than 5,500 seats, in the south-western corner of the home of cricket.	mcc reveals plans to replace the' tired' tavern and allen stands at lord's, with completion scheduled for 2019.
siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships to ensure qualification for the world championships this summer.	o'connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year.	o'connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year.
harry redknapp feels he still has plenty to offer football but only at the right club, having turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad.	the 68-year-old handed in his resignation at loftus road in february, citing knee problems behind the decision to leave the barclays premier league strugglers.	he later claimed' people with their own agendas' had a hand in his departure.	redknapp was speaking at the announcement of a men united xi vs leyton orient legends charity match.
mauricio pochettino unsure whether a planned boycott by newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend.	newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against owner mike ashley, which is likely to lead to a peculiar atmosphere in the north east.	tottenham boss mauricio pochettino is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to newcastle.
ronny deila has warned television broadcasters to stop messing around scottish football fans.	the celtic boss leads his side into a scottish cup semi-final with inverness at hampden on sunday with a 12.15 kick-off.	deila says the balance of power in the relationship is all wrong.
karim benzema will miss real madrid's clash against atletico on wednesday.	the madrid-based newspaper claim that ancelotti is' hesitating' between playing a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation as gareth bale and luka modric also look likely to miss wednesday's clash.	mundo deportivo hail barcelona coach luis enrique for statistically being' the best coach in history in his first 50 games.
charlie austin is being considered for a surprise england call up for the national team’s summer fixtures after scoring 17 goals for relegation-threatened qpr.	austin is in contention because harry kane scored on his debut against lithuania last month and made his first start against italy in turin.	hodgson has an established attack with wayne rooney, danny welbeck and daniel sturridge.
pfa has announced its women's player of the year award.	eniola aluko, lucy bronze, karen carney, jess clarke, kelly smith and ji so-yun have all made the shortlist.	chelsea and england forward aluko has been nominated for the pfa players' player of the year.
toni duggan posted a picture on instagram of her with manchester united manager louis van gaal on instagram.	the 23-year-old shared an image of her with the united boss at wing's restaurant on sunday night.	duggan received a number of abusive messages on social media for the photo, and has since removed it from instagram.
celtic striker leigh griffiths has a shot at goal during the scottish cup semi-final.	leigh griffiths pointing the finger of blame at the officials after his side's shock scottish cup semi-final defeat by inverness.	inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time and the celtic players could do little to hide their fury.
inverness the latest chapter in their remarkable story featured not one, but two, plot-changing twists.	one featured penalty celtic did n't get for 2-0 in which josh meekings handball should have also led to a sending off.	caley boss john hughes says the break, which could have meant a penalty and red card, was a turning point.
steve mcclaren's derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield provided wolves and brentford are both beaten.	derby county can make sure of a play-off place with victory against huddersfield if they fail to win at home to brighton.
bournemouth manager eddie howe expects the club's fans to play a crucial role as his side close in on a first-ever promotion to the barclays premier league.	the cherries take on sheffield wednesday at the goldsands stadium on saturday followed by the visit of bolton nine days later.	howe has called on supporters to inspire the cherries to win promotion from the championship.	watford boss slavisa jokanovic refuses to look beyond saturday's home game against birmingham.
nathaniel clyne has attracted several top clubs with his performances for southampton.	saints are pushing for a top-four finish in the barclays premier league.	koeman twice won the competition as a player and fully understands clyne's ambitions.
morgan schneiderlin, yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are wanted men.	morgan schneiderlin has shown this season that he is good enough to play champions league football.	sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a ‘ step up’ this summer.
nathaniel clyne admits he wants to play champions league football as the southampton defender continues to be linked with a move away from the south coast.	the right back has been in impressive form this season as the saints have surprised many with a challenge on the premier league's top four.	clyne has earned international recognition with his performances.
preston's quest to join bristol city in the championship was dented by gillingham.	they were held to a 2-2 draw against gillingham, who grabbed an equaliser in stoppage time through leon legge.	jermaine beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as preston were held 2-2 by gillingham.	swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt too following a 4-2 win at rochdale.
aaron cresswell has proved a good fit for the premier league since signing for west bromwich albion and doncaster rovers.	the full-back is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team's premier league games this season.	cresswell began at tranmere rovers, making his debut in november 2008.
ryan mason probably did n't expect his tattoo to take centre stage during his senior england debut.	the 23-year-old was celebrating tottenham hotspur team-mate andros townsend's equalising goal for england against italy when a tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide.	twitter user @ danorako compared it to a photograph at 12 years old.
paulo ferreira expects jose mourinho to remain in charge at stamford bridge.	portuguese manager believes his desire to succeed with chelsea knows no bounds.	jose mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third premier league title.
massimo cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of saturday's match against charlton.	the club released a statement on sunday evening looking to draw a line under the controversy which read:' i am not a coward and not the sort of guy who tells his players to go on strike'.	cellino, who has been banned since january after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in italy.
brendan rodgers has written off manchester city’s chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals.	rodgers indicated it could take two decades for sheik mansour’s club to reach the status of either liverpool or manchester united.	rodgers hopes victory over villa will strengthen his case and increase the chances of keeping players.
tottenham defender danny rose has been linked with a move to manchester city.	scott sinclair, jack rodwell and to a lesser extent adam johnson were signed by the club.	he was sacked in 2013 and nearly two years on, marwood has a new role at the academy with a spaniard, txiki begiristain, in his old job with the title director of football.
tottenham will resist any offers for left back danny rose.	the 24-year-old is fundamental to mauricio pochettino's plans.	manchester city have considered attack-minded rose as they draw up an extensive list of potential homegrown signings ahead of the close season.
steven gerrard's hopes of a fairytale ending to his liverpool career were shattered as his side suffered a 2-1 defeat to aston villa in the semi-finals of the fa cup.	the final on may 30, also by coincidence gerrard's 35th birthday, would have been the midfielder's final game in a liverpool shirt before he leaves for the los angeles galaxy in the summer.
arsenal ran out 2-1 winners at wembley to reach their second final.	wojciech szczesny admits he feels sorry for adam federici.	arsenal are now just one win away from defending the crown.
wojciech szczesny must use his current spell out of the arsenal side.	szczesny has n't played a premier league game since the new year.	arsene wenger has benefited from competition for places brought by the £3.2 million signing of colombian ospina from nice last summer.
malky mackay appointed mackay as manager of wigan in november 2014.	mackay's tenure at wigan athletic came to an end on monday following a 2-0 defeat by derby.	sportsmail revealed in august mackay was being investigated over' sexist, racism and homophobic' messages.
thousands of ladies dressed in outrageous or elegant outfits as they compete in the style stakes and take in some high-class racing throughout the day.	popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of saturday's main event, the crabbies grand national.	seven races make up the day as they saw saphir du rheu, ridden by sam twiston-davis, take home the betfred mildmay novices' chase and take home with a bang.
tony mccoy is riding in his 20th grand national ride shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world's most famous steeplechase.	the 40-year-old from county antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then should his grand national ride shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory.	mccoy is guaranteed a great send-off during the grand national at aintree this week.
psg will come up against an' unstoppable' player when lionel messi visits the parc des princes for wednesday's champions league quarter-final.	lionel messi has been in sensational form since the turn of the year.	he now has 45 goals in 44 games - a total he will be hopeful of adding to against the ligue 1 champions.
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo could play together in a uefa all-star match showcasing the best of european-based talent, according to reports in spain.	mundo deportivo report that an all-star match has been proposed that would bring together the cream of european talent - including cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi.	the proposals raise the tantalising prospect of club rivals messi and ronaldo playing on the same team.
lionel messi has issued an ominous warning to his opponents with the four-time ballon d'or winner.	lionel messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 that was riddled with injury and off-field drama.	messi says he is keen to' get back to my best through hard work, smiling and effort, like i always have'.
randy lerner is expected to make a rare appearance at aston villa’s fa cup semi-final against liverpool at wembley on sunday.	the american owner is scheduled to fly across the atlantic for the grandest occasion during his tenure since villa’s 2010 league cup final against manchester united.
tim sherwood has scored six goals in eight games.	he scored a hat-trick in the 35th minute of the game.	benteke missed his fine form for villa from tuesday.	he has scored six goals in eight games.
tim sherwood's side took a giant step towards premier league survival.	tim sherwood was mobbed by his villa team-mates.	he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers.
march 30, 2014, are top of the league with six games to go and only manchester city are better placed, theoretically, with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit.	there will be a slip, there will be tears.	theory wins, romance loses.
paul gascoigne is a celebrity associated with tears, and battles against drink and depression.	the spurs midfielder struck a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of his career.	gascoigne's goal came five minutes into an fa cup semi-final against tottenham.
harry redknapp appeared on sky sports' show the fantasy football club with paul merson (centre).	redknapp claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by arsenal fans as he left the emirates stadium after the gunners' 4-1 win over liverpool.	redknapp's four years in charge of arsenal's rivals tottenham means he is unpopular at the emirates.
bayern munich striker thomas muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injury troubles.	the bavarians, chasing three titles this season, are without arjen robben, franck ribery, bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba among others for the quarter-final, first leg in portugal.	muller celebrates his goal in bayern's 3-0 bundesliga win over eintracht frankfurt at the weekend.
michael carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season.	louis van gaal's side put their stuttering start to the season behind them.	carrick revealed he wants to emulate the legend's longevity.
jack wilshere continued his return from injury to captain arsenal under 21s.	but could not prevent a 1-0 defeat by reading's youngsters at the emirates.	wilshere was joined by other injury plagued first team players including german forward serge gnabry and long-term absentee abou diaby.
alexis sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great arsenal teams of yesteryear, according to club legend frank mclintock.	the gunners are second in the barclays premier league following an eight-match winning run and face reading on saturday in the semi-finals of the fa cup.	arsenal have left their good form too late to sustain a title push, with chelsea currently seven-points ahead with a game in hand.	frank mclintock was a scottish centre-half who joined arsenal for a club record £80,000 in october 1964.
arsenal's eight-match winning streak in the premier league has taken even manager arsene wenger by surprise.	arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted arsenal's impressive run of results.	wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad.
serge gnabry says he is feeling' better and better' all the time.	the 19-year-old midfielder impressed for the gunners last season.	but his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury.
david' flats' flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues preparing for the tournament.	london's olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground, but the buzz around the game is palpable.	flats on the drive between stratford and twickenham, as he tours around the country visiting the stadiums that will host matches come this autumn.
exeter tighthead tomas francis could trigger a tug-of-war between stuart lancaster and warren gatland after the 21st 2lb prop helped end northampton’s three-month unbeaten run in the aviva premiership.	francis dominated his scrummaging contest against alex corbisiero and put down a significant marker for his inclusion at the world cup.	chiefs prop tomas francis, who qualifies for england and wales — is yet to pledge his international allegiance, despite having been called up to gatland’s training camp.
tom arscott scored a brace of tries for sale as mike haley claimed the other with danny cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion.	irish scored three tries through alex lewington and andrew fenby with chris noakes adding two penalties and two conversions.	tom arscott dives over for a try during the first-half at the madejski stadium.
raheem sterling has hinted that he hopes liverpool fans create a chant for him.	sterling has been linked with a number of europe's top clubs.	sterling made his liverpool debut in a premier league defeat against wigan.
john carver has challenged his newcastle players to relieve the pressure on their shoulders by adding another dent to liverpool's champions league hopes.	the reds have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth-placed manchester city.	brendan rodgers' men ended their mini-slump on wednesday evening with a 1-0 fa cup quarter-final replay victory at blackburn.
jordan ibe has been absent for the last six weeks after he damaged his knee ligaments during a europa league tie against besiktas in istanbul.	ibe was awarded the man-of-the-match having performed magnificently in the merseyside derby in february.	ibe has done well since breaking into the liverpool first team and is seen as a key member.
daniel sturridge believes raheem sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.	the 20-year-old has been linked with a number of europe's top clubs.	he was one of four players at the anfield launch of their new home kit for next season.
carlo ancelotti must accommodate cristiano ronaldo, gareth bale and karim benzema.	real madrid and atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with inter and ac milan in number of city duels.
porto coach julen lopetegui does not believe that bayern munich's extensive injury list will a leading role in wednesday's champions league quarter-final meeting.	the bundesliga champions remain hot favourites to reach the last four of europe's elite competition.	pep guardiola has hailed his former barcelona team-mate lopetegui for porto's brand of football.
mourinho was bobby robson’s assistant at barcelona and guardiola was in his final years as a player at the camp nou at the time.	the picture became the perfect ‘ guess the caption’ competition the best one having guardiola say to mourinho: ‘ yeah right, and i’ll manage real madrid.	jose mourinho and pep guardiola in deep conversation following a barcelona training session that did the rounds on social media a few years ago.
philippe coutinho is becoming liverpool's go-to guy and is picking up where luis suarez left off last season.	sportsmail's jamie carragher feels coutinho can fill the sizable gap left by the controversial uruguay striker.	coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united on monday night.
mario balotelli has only scored once in the premier league.	liverpool have been willing to sell balotelli since january.	the italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season.
wayne rooney believes manchester united team-mate marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe.	fellaini was one of the stars of united's manchester derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday.	fellaini has proved a handful for defences and was instrumental in wins over manchester city and liverpool.
marouane fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in manchester united's midfield of late, and jamie carragher says jose mourinho will be drawing up a special plan to stop him.	chelsea face united at stamford bridge on saturday in the barclays premier league and both sportsmail columnist carragher and his fellow sky sports pundit gary neville believe mourinho will bring kurt zouma into his midfield to neutralise fellaini.
mick mccarthy hailed the' belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his' horrible bunch' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club wolves moved town closer to securing a place in the skybet championship play-offs.	despite wolves bouncing back to take a point through benik afobe's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a richard stearman own goal had given ipswich a first-half lead, town's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining.	former wolves boss mccarthy was delighted with his side's determined display.
more than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by british transport police.	the force hare been faced with a unique set of circumstances.	sportsmail understands officers will be stationed on trains travelling down from the north and the midlands.
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has the most difficult job in football.	west ham boss sam allardyce believes pellegrini has the most difficult job in football.	uefa imposed a £49million fine on city as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending.
nigel pearson has called for realism in their survival quest.	they will escape the drop zone for the first time since november.	they also have to face relegation rivals sunderland and burnley.
bolton will offer new contracts to emile heskey, 37, eidur gudjohnsen, 36, and goalkeeper adam bogdan, 27.	eidur gudjohnsen has contributed just one goal, but impressed in his nine championship starts, while gudjohnsen has found the net five times.
dundee boss paul hartley has warned that paul mcgowan may not feature in any of the team's remaining six games this season.	dundee rogue paul mcgowan escaped a jail sentence but was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks.	after his third conviction last week for assaulting a police officer, mcgowan escaped the sentence after assaulting a police officer.	dundee manager paul hartley says he will not risk playing the midfielder again this season.
sean bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in the fiercely contested conditional jockeys title race when both had one success on monday.	us trainer wesley ward maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville.
colombian forward dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the portland timbers past new york city fc 1-0.	a failed clearance fell to the feet of asprilla at the top of the box.	city have now won just one of their seven games and lie seventh, five points behind the red bulls.
lyon returned to the top of the ligue 1 table after securing a 2-2 draw from a topsy-turvy rhone valley derby match against saint-etienne on sunday night.	clinton n'jie handed the hosts the lead midway through the first half before lindsay rose saw red for hubert fournier's high flyers and max gradel converted from the spot to level matters.	lyon are level on points with reigning champions paris st germain, who have a game in hand.
randy lerner didn’t attend wembley on sunday after his aunt passed away.	the 53-year-old american had been tipped to make a rare appearance but boss tim sherwood said: ‘i’ve not spoken to him yet.	lerner has been publicly trying to sell villa since last may.
trabzon governor abdil oz said the two suspects were detained early on tuesday.	the decision to suspend football in turkey affects both next weekend's super lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals, although besiktas' match against istanbul basaksehir, the last of this weekend's super lig matches, is scheduled to go ahead on monday evening.	fenerbahce's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at caykur rizespor, which fener won 5-1, in turkey's super lig.
manny pacquiao may be aiming to conquer opponent floyd mayweather jnr on may 2, but the boxer first set himself the target of conquering the mountains.	when at the griffith park summit the 36-year-old continued with some interval training as well as stretches as crowds watched on with awe at his fitness.	manny pacquiao took to the mountains as he prepares to take on floyd mayweather jnr in may.
manny pacquiao is continuing his preparations for the eagerly-anticipated bout with floyd mayweather on may 2.	the pair will slug it out at the mgm grand in las vegas at the beginning of next month in a $300million showdown.	the pair may be employing very different training routines but pacquiao can count on the backing of the world's greatest-ever boxer ahead of his fight.
ronnie o'sullivan will tackle a crucible debutant in the first round of the betfred world championship which starts in sheffield on saturday.	defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible on saturday.	steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend nick dyson play ken doherty in 2001.
former world champion ken doherty is on the brink of exiting the betfred world snooker championships in the final qualifying round.	doherty lifted the title in 1997, trails mark davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier at ponds forge in sheffield.	45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third crucible winner to crash out this week.
snooker star ronnie o'sullivan has revealed what goes through his mind while he's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table.	the rocket' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history.	he has openly questioned his commitment to the sport during a career that has brought him five world championship titles.
manchester city defender pablo zabaleta accepts the fallen champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four.	pablo zabaleta admits confidence is low with sunday's derby loss at manchester united.	zabaleta said:' it is time to analyse what we are doing wrong'.
joe hart bemoaned one of his' worst days in a manchester city shirt' following sunday's derby thumping by manchester united.	the england number one appeared devastated after the final whistle at old trafford and acknowledged that city's bid to retain their premier league title was over.	hart said after a morale-sapping 4-2 defeat saw under-fire manuel pellegrini's men go four points adrift of neighbours united and 12 behind runaway leaders chelsea.	manchester city are four points behind rivals united.
manchester united's humiliation of their neighbours city continued their outstanding record against the barclays premier league's top seven.	sportsmail's alternative table shows every club's total points gained against the current top seven teams.	louis van gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches, while chelsea (1.56) and city (1.5) sit second and third respectively.
eathan cruse, 19, one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning.	officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed.	' he grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like' what's your name?' he said.
residents in bonita springs told nbc-2 sharks began swimming up to their condos about a week ago, and have been spotted several times since.	the beast can be seen just under the water, with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface.	residents say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait.
vanessa moe's debut showing at mercedes benz fashion week australia sees her stand among some of our most iconic labels and style forecasters.	but unfortunately for the up-and-comer, her minimalist collection was outshone by her distracting choice of headwear for the models.	models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces.
jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child.	the two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official australian olympic team's twitter, and pittman's former agency pace sports management has also offered congratulations on the new addition.	pittman's seven-year-old son cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named emily.
manchester united's humiliation of their noisy neighbours city led the club's official website to claim the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes.	city had, after all, manchester united's players beaten united four consecutive times going into the derby, so should we just chalk it off as nothing more than a bad game for the defending champions? here is sportsmail's verdict on the issues.
andy lee will be onto a winner no matter what happens on saturday night.	the 30-year-old arrived in new york on a crest of a wave, a newly crowned world champion eager to lap up the first defence of the title he won so superbly before christmas.	lee was hoping to make his first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against matt korobov last year.
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron.	the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the first direct arena on saturday night.
carl frampton has branded eddie hearn's £1.5million offer to fight scott quigg as little more than a' publicity stunt'.	hearn made the offer live on television on tuesday after talks between him and frampton’s promoter barry mcguigan.	belfast's ibf super-bantamweight world champion has called on the matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer.
hibernian manager alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston.	hibernian host hibs on the last day of the championship season.	hibs manager alan stubbs has a lot of respect for peter.
fiorentina's mounir obbadi scored the winning goal against fiorentina.	alessandro diamanti had missed a second-half penalty for the home side.	vincenzo montella had no complaints as his side paid dearly for failing to turn their domination into goals.
pulitzer's lower-priced collection for target sold out almost immediately online and in stores ; customers re-selling this $34 maxi dress were netting bids over $200.	speedy re-sellers started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price, including a $150 hammock for $799 and a $34 maxi dress for $202.50.
the shop, which will stock' islamically approved' adult items, is due to open in mecca in saudi arabia after the idea was approved by clerics.	it is being led by the owner of am existing dutch halal sex shop called el asira, which is known for its range of sensual oils.	the store will' strictly cater to muslim customers in mecca'.
atletico madrid boss diego simeone believes english football needs to' wake up'.	diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in europe.	chelsea, arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the champions league.	everton were dumped out of the europa league in the same round.
the university of connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old grayson hand of sturbridge, massachusetts.	hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes.	hand will have his own locker with the team as its newest member.
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, classic by mkto.	video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills.	it's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen.	spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, malenda meacham.
the 53-second video, posted on youtube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday.	about 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her.	following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy u.s.	marshals has said the shocking footage' is being reviewed.
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica, los angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst.	footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica, los angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst.
manchester united beat stourbidge 1-0 at the glazer family's takeover of manchester united.	club's fourth promotion in their short history sees them come within two more of the football league.	fc will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own.
manchester united are to hand trials to mk dons teenagers luke tingey and kyran wiltshire.	central defender tingey, 18, became a hit on youtube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against swindon.	their u18 side have been crowned youth alliance south cup champions.
diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second successive champions league final.	diego simeone, remembering the world cup knock out match, which left england down to ten men for most of the match.	england's david beckham kicks out at former midfielder simeone during the 1998 world cup.
buffon has been plying his trade in serie a for the best part of 20 years.	buffon has played with the likes of andrea pirlo, paval nedved and lilian thuram.	buffon recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they've made his champions league dream team.
real madrid beat atletico madrid 2-1 in the champions league final.	cristiano ronaldo could n't find the back of the net as real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid last week.	diego simeone's side have failed to win any of their last seven games.
real madrid coach paul clement is a leading candidate to replace steve mcclaren at derby county should he leave.	the former england manager is newcastle's first choice to replace caretaker boss john carver ahead of next season.	clement is currently a real madrid coach and works next to carlo ancelotti.
manchester city have emerged as the biggest threat to arsenal in the race for charlton’s highly-rated defender joe gomez.	the england under-19 defender, valued at £8m by the championship team, is one of the most wanted young players in the country.	gomez, 17, signed a three year contract at charlton in november last year.
patrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would make a great coach.	the french left back, 33, claiming five premier league titles.	evra says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.	giggs is currently louis van gaal's assistant at man united.
celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk.	celebrities were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt.	moore died from bowel and liver cancer on february 4, 1993, at the age of 51, and bianca westwood, rob lee and clare balding.
martina hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on saturday.	hingis won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18.	they faces poland's agnieszka radwanksa in the fed cup for switzerland.
fa cup has been through a rollercoaster of emotions over the years.	the famous trophy was on show at alton towers theme park in staffordshire.	but they almost suffered a huge upset at wembley last year.
wellington silva has finally received clearance to make his arsenal bow.	he signed for arsenal in january 2011 from fluminese for a fee of £3.5million.	but all that changed late on tuesday, as the brazilian jubilantly revealed on twitter that he has been awarded spanish nationality.
mario mandzukic involved in bust-up as he shed blood and sweat against real madrid at the vicente calderon.	when atletico allowed costa to sign for chelsea on july 1, 2014, diego simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter.	blood pours from mario mandzukic's face during the champions league quarter-final first leg in madrid.
atletico madrid's vicente calderon has long been a fortress with no team scoring there in the champions league.	chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois was the reason for that but now the man keeping the clean sheets is jan oblak.	sportsmail looks at the 22-year-old who has made atletico fans forget about courtois.
ea sports are already looking towards next season as they begin to take close-up shots of football stars for fifa 16.	the latest installment in the popular video game series will be highly-anticipated by its legion of fans as the gaming giants do their utmost to make the newest release the best yet.	zaha has been in fine form for the eagles since making his move to selhurst park permanent in february.
real madrid striker javier hernandez is' ready' to lead their champions league quarter-final second leg tie against atletico on wednesday.	real madrid striker javier hernandez is set to start up front for carlo ancelotti's side - with the club going through an injury crisis at present.	hernandez is on a season-long loan from manchester united.
borussia dortmund coach jurgen klopp does not expect any particular reaction from his players or the fans to his announcement that he will be leaving the club in the summer.	klopp revealed on wednesday that he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract, which was due to expire in 2018.	instead, he will be terminating his agreement with the westphalians in the summer to seek a new challenge.
bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as philipp lahm and xabi alonso.	the 47-year-old, speaking to bt sport in an interview which took place before this week’s champions league defeat at porto as part of a special documentary' inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves'.	philipp and basti (schweinsteiger) are in their early 30s, xabi alonso is older, arjen robben and franck ribery are over 30 - all in the midfield and wing positions.
ivan novoseltsev popped the question after his side's 1-0 win against torpedo moscow on monday night.	ivan novoseltsev popped the question as if playing in front of thousands of fans was n't nerve-wracking enough, one footballer decided to risk public humiliation by proposing to his girlfriend on the pitch.	the 23-year-old was capped by his country for the first time last month.
romanian coach ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run, only to be reinstated the next day.	former inter defender ze maria replaced florin marin in january to become ceahlaul's third coach this season.	he will be replaced by serbian vanya radinovic.
harry kane has scored 31 times for mk dons and wolves.	the molineux hitman insists he feels' unstoppable' at the moment as he aims to become the country's top scorer.	afobe bagged 19 goals on loan at mk dons before january.
jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation's street red project.	the swede, now 41, was a key cog in sir alex ferguson's treble-winning machine, making 38 appearances in that memorable season following a £4.4m switch from parma.
paranormal investigator jayne harris said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches.	some reported flashing visions of' mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league semi-final.	zlatan ibrahimovic believes the world cup is' nothing to watch' without him, he's unlikely to be quaking in his boots about facing lionel messi in the nou camp on tuesday night.
the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport in riyadh.	it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck.	for nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care.
the piano was made in collaboration with british contemporary artist lauren baker.	goldfinch, a cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build it, with every crystal applied by hand.	goldfinch claimed the company is the only piano manufacturer in the world which offers an almost limitless selection of shapes, sizes, colours, materials and textures.
charlene's own sporting pedigree is impeccable.	she burst onto the scene in 1999 at the all africa games in johannesburg where she picked up three golds and a silver for her native south africa.
this year's vivid festival will feature a maze of lights designed to trick the eyes and boggle the mind.	exhibits will still be found at circular quay, the rocks, darling harbour, pyrmont and martin place.	vivid starts on may 22 and runs until june 8 from 6pm-midnight each night, with over 60 light installations and 140 artists.
hsbc has apologised after a link on its official website.	the porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on hsbc.com.hk to retire.	hsbc yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website after realising its embarrassing mistake.
lihi yona filmed a black pup jumping around in time to a water fountain.	his bemused owner can be seen standing at the sidelines holding on to the pup's leash.	other bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the animal in action.
roger lohse, a reporter with miami-area station wplg, was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest miami-dade.	his cameraman pointed out something behind him.	as the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the fire.
the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa, before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources.	the video was originally posted by sydneysider darren johnson following strong storms and tandem heavy swells in june 2012.	youtube commenters were quick to point out inaccuracies in the video, such as the appearance of rocks around the opera house and the cardboard-esque appearance of the man in the final shot.
taylor lynn fast, 21, told police in festus, missouri, that 17-month-old layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite, officers said.	fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on sunday.	layla had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over.
visitors will be able to travel through time when one world trade center opens next month.	the video, shared by the new york times on monday, will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.	at the start of the ascent, the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes.
former arsenal footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.	campbell has threatened to leave the country if the party wins the election.	but it is possible the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect.
joshua finbow, 23, of gosport, hampshire, charged with gang rape.	two of the accused, simon radford, craig stoner, 24, and craig stoner, 35, had been playing for the royal navy ice hockey team in a tournament at the shearwater naval base just east of halifax.	darren smalley, 35, of gosport, hampshire, arrives at court today.
giorgio armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much.	the 80-year-old fashion designer has made a name for himself putting a-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations, but it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few eyebrows.
corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua as he stands in front of a scenic backdrop.	he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there.	joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
zinedine zidane is confident paris saint-germain can beat barcelona and progress to the champions league semi-finals on tuesday night.	the current ligue 1 champions require three goals in the nou camp having lost 3-1 in the french captial but former real madrid star zidane is confident laurent blanc's side have what it takes to go through.	psg can beat barcelona and progress to the champions league semi-finals.
porto will need to hit top form to advance against five-times champions bayern munich.	porto manager julen lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form.	bayern are chasing a treble of titles and their fourth straight champions league semi-final.
bonnie is so afraid to eat alone that she grabs her dish and paws her way over to clyde.	bonne was rescued from puerto rico and is a sato, which means mixed breed or street dog.
wildlife authorities in anchorage, alaska, said they will kill a mother bear and her four children after they starting eating from trash cans in a busy neighborhood.	residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
jay hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught having drunken sex in the dugout.	he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media and has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend bryony hibbert's forgiveness.	hart was sacked by the club, which play in evo-stik division 1 north.
england will no longer compete in the victory shield as the football association does not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players.	wayne rooney, sir stanley matthews, duncan edwards and peter shilton are all veterans of the long-contested under 16 tournament between the different associations within the united kingdom.	wales are the current holders of the victory shield while england are the most successful country.
gary and phil neville, ryan giggs, nicky butt and paul scholes will no doubt partying hard on tuesday night.	salford city clinched the evo-stik league first division north title, with the club gaining promotion on a very fitting 92 points.	salford city's players celebrate after darlington's failure to win saw them win the league title on 92 points.
southend united's promotion charge continued on tuesday night at bury.	david worrall free-kick enabled them to leapfrog their hosts into fourth place.	former bury player worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute.
mk dons beat doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on preston at the top of league one.	karl robinson hailed the patience of his team as they beat doncaster 3-0.	robinson’s team needed a freakish goal by dean bowditch, 25 minutes from time.
luke bryant, 25, was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines during a game at st mary's stadium, where arsenal were losing 2-0.	bryant admitted' going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the football act 1991, where he shrugged his shoulders at arsenal manager arsene wenger.	wenger was confronted by an angry fan during the poor performance at st mary's on new year's day.
liverpool defender kolo toure insists a' sad' steven gerrard will deal with the reality of being denied a fairytale fa cup final farewell.	the former ivory coast international said the team was probably more disappointed at not being able to deliver a trophy for fans, who this season had seen their side fail to progress out of the champions league group stage and lose to chelsea in the last four of the capital one cup.	gerrard was able to start the match after an injury to lucas leiva in training, which denied liverpool some much-needed control in midfield.
didier drogba has withdrawn from monday's' match against poverty' in st etienne to add to the blues' injury woes upfront after diego costa and loic remy both missed saturday's 1-0 win over manchester united.	drogba posted on twitter:' disappointed not to be able to play the # map2015 because of an ankle injury but still supporting # ebolaresponse.	costa returns to training with the first-team squad this week but may not be thrown in against arsenal.
graeme mcdowell believes jordan spieth may not be the only rival rory mcilroy has to face as he looks to complete the career grand slam.	mcilroy's fourth place in the masters is his best finish in seven appearances.	but the world number one never threatened to claim a first green jacket to become only the sixth player in history to win all four major titles.
justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters.	rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments.	rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead.
former world no 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews.	the former no 1 caroline wozniacki is asked to say a few words after winning a youth tournament as an 11-year-old.	wozniacki made her french open debut as a 17-year-old in 2007.
manor driver stevens was introduced to st george's park by michael johnson performance.	the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential f1 drive.	stevens has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine, located in the altitude chamber.
andrea atzeni has an early chance to promote the classic claims of a contender owned by his new qatar racing bosses when he partners terror in wednesday’s landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket.	the 1,000 guineas hope, trained by david simcock, is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the guineas.	jockey andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday’s landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket.
oliver sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury’s hennessy gold cup.	trainer sherwood, a chelsea supporter, and arsenal fan mccoy have had a regular bet on whose team will finish highest in the premier league.
ruby walsh, a two-time winner of the national, acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the canal turn as vets tended to the stricken balthazar king.	balthazar king received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour before being taken to an equine hospital.
ap mccoy on shutthefrontdoor congratulates aspell after many clouds' victory on saturday.	many clouds was a third winner of the race for owner trevor hemmings.	none of his four previous runners in the race had managed to complete the course and two of them — had fallen at the first fence.
france legend serge betsen tells sportsmail where he thinks clermont's clash with saracens will be won... head to heads.	wesley fofana was in scintillating form during his side's recent destruction of northampton.	he reminds me of former british lions flanker richard hill.
london welsh have announced a contract extension for their former england international back olly barkley.	the 33-year-old joined the exiles last year, having previously played for bath, gloucester, racing metro, grenoble and the scarlets.	he won 23 test caps, the last of which was against new zealand in 2008.
brian o’driscoll believes roman abramovich style investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a european force.	comic book tycoon mourad boudjellal has used his chequebook to turn toulon into double european champions.	saracens are the only english team featuring in this weekend’s champions cup semi-finals.
declan fitzpatrick is to retire from rugby on medical grounds.	ulster and ireland prop declan fitzpatrick has been forced to retire on medical grounds after multiple concussions.	ulster and ireland declan fitzpatrick won seven caps for ireland.
argentina centre marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park.	bosch, 31, was the hero of saracens' european champions cup quarter-final victory over racing metro 11 days ago, booting a penalty with the game's final kick to secure a 12-11 success in paris.
england wing christian wade slammed by wasps team-mate andy goode.	goode accused the 23-year-old of having ‘ bad values’ for dropping out of a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation.	guests were also treated to a haka performance by leicester team-mates manu tuilagi and logovi’i mulipola.	wade, 23, did not reply to the message that split opinion among supporters and wasps refused to comment.
clermont thrashed the english champions 37-5 in the last-eight tie at the stade marcel-michelin.	the french outfit are now plotting the downfall of the aviva premiership’s second best side.	both clubs are going in search of their first-ever european crown.	davies is determined to deliver another perfect performance in saint etienne.
bath have announced the signing of england sevens international jeff williams.	the 26-year-old will move to the recreation ground for next season.	williams was awarded a full-time sevens contract in 2012.	he also fits our policy of recruiting young english talent.
the scotland shirt, worn here by david denton, will have bt on it rather than rbs from the summer.	sportsmail exclusively revealed last year that bt had agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of murrayfield.	now that has come to fruition and come the summer, they will take over from backers rbs.
sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a' promising' indian cricketer.	ankit keshri had been playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man.	keshri was only playing 4 senior bengal in test and one-day international history.
ian bell insists england did not underestimate the west indies ahead of the first test.	outgoing yorkshire chairman colin graves, who starts work as giles clarke's successor next month, upped the stakes before the tour started by declaring the hosts' mediocre' and promised' some inquiries' if england did not win the series.	bell, after 106 tests and 11 years on the international circuit, never expected anything different.
liam livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for nantwich town in a national club championship match against caldy on sunday.	the 21-year-old all-rounder, who has yet to make his first-team debut for the red rose, plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings.	lancashire believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
alex hales scored his runs from 250 balls, with 37 fours and a six and having shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with james taylor, who scored 59.	hales' passed three figures for the 10th time in his career, spoiling the return of andrew gale, back skippering yorkshire again after serving a four match suspension.	taylor was a perfect foil for his world cup team-mate, content to play the supportive role in reaching his own 50 from 89 balls.	hales went past his previous best of 184, made against somerset in 2011.
england must decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first test win or twist and freshen things up for a second match that is already upon them.	it would be harsh to blame the bowlers for their inability to take the eight wickets they needed on the final day of the antigua test because they threw everything at west indies on a pitch that refused to deteriorate.	moeen ali has joined up with the england squad after missing the first test in antigua through injury.
kevin pietersen's attempt to impress the england selectors ended in cardiff on sunday afternoon.	pietersen was making his first lv= county championship appearance since june 2013 in the hope of finding a way back into the england set-up.
mark selby was straight into an auspicious groove as he began his title defence at the betfred world championship on saturday.	the 31-year-old from leicester rocked ronnie o'sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden crucible title, and returned to ease 6-3 ahead of kurt maflin on day one of the world championship.	no first-time champion in sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on, and that factor has taken the tag of the' crucible curse'.	mark selby and norwegian kurt maflin look on during their first round match at the crucible in sheffield.
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday.	the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds in stellenbosch, near cape town, making her move on the last corner and pulling away from the field through the final 50 meters.	semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in beijing in august.
world champion will face tournament debutant kurt maflin in the first round.	he is one of only 21 players in history to have hit multiple 147 breaks in professional competitions.	maflin demonstrated those gifts in demolishing steve davis 10-1 in qualifying.	white has tipped selby as one of his ‘ three to watch.
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona.	phelps, back in action after a six-month suspension imposed by usa swimming following his drink driving conviction last september, won the race in mesa with a time of 52.38 seconds, edging out ryan lochte.	phelps, the most decorated olympian in history, will miss this summer's world championships in kazan, russia, following discussions with usa swimming.
liam phillips knows he must expand his repertoire to aid his bid for olympic glory.	the 26-year-old from burnham-on-sea won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014.	phillips, who races in the manchester world cup event, plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in rio.
british olympic chief bill sweeney insists the association worked' really hard' to keep aaron cook on board - but the 24-year-old was set on changing his nationality and competing for moldova at the 2016 olympics.	dorset-born cook who was overlooked for the great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012 applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici and has already received his passport from the small eastern european state.
arsenal goalkeeper deyan iliev sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down boro's harry chapman in the box, having failed to clear george dobson's back pass.	emmanuel ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper matt macey.	maloney's effort, a fine solo run, before a thunderbolt shot from long-range was matched by a similar quality strike from wildschut.
juan mata insists his side can be proud of their performance during saturday's defeat by chelsea.	eden hazard scored the only goal of the game as louis van gaal's side's six-match winning run came to an abrupt end.	juan mata admits it was an emotional return to the club where he was named player of the year two years running.
tony pulis will receive a hero's welcome when he returns to crystal palace.	he must wonder if he'll ever be successful at the right end of the premier league.	pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the table.
steve bruce has admitted his side need to pull off a couple of' crazy results' if they are to preserve their premier league status in a frantic end-of-season run-in.	the tigers head to southampton on saturday without a win in five games and perching just two points above the bottom three.	bruce said:' we have just witnessed over the last week all sorts of crazy results can happen and we need to make sure we get one or two of those'.
leicester beat swansea 2-0 at the king power stadium on saturday.	leonardo ulloa scored his first premier league goal in 647 minutes.	ulloa has sprinkled high quality to their midfield, winning possession and conducting play like a grand master plots chess moves.
newcastle owner mike ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of supporters if he fails to invest in the club.	thousands of fans stayed away from sunday's barclays premier league defeat by tottenham at st james' park in protest at the way the sportswear tycoon is running the club, with the official attendance of 47,427 - the capacity of the stadium is in excess of 52,000.	newcastle fans hold up' ashley out' banners, mocked in the style of his sports direct chain of stores.
alan pardew's winning run was crucial to newcastle's season.	newcastle's fans protested for the board to sack pardew as manager.	alan pardew cut a resigned and wounded figure following a 1-0 defeat at stoke.
crystal palace winger yannick bolasie was the hero at the stadium of light having scored a hat-trick for the eagles at the stadium of light.	crystal palace now have 25 points from a possible 36 under his care and the table for 2015 alone has the eagles soaring in fifth, two points behind champions elect chelsea.
garry monk has responded to speculation linking him to the west ham job.	sam allardyce's current contract expires at the end of the season.	monk has been touted as a potential replacement but insists allardyce is a perfect fit for west ham.
dele alli is excited by the prospect of playing under mauricio pochettino next season.	tottenham are the' perfect' club for him.	alli has yet to feature for spurs having been immediately loaned back to his boyhood club.	alli has been key to karl robinson's side, scoring 16 goals in 41 appearances.
ryan hardie marked his first light blues start with a brace as stuart mccall's side clinched a 3-1 win over dumbarton.	stuart mccall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players.	mccall promised his students from the murray park youth ranks they would be given their chance to impress when he took over last month.
stuart mccall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their premiership return.	the gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship.	stuart mccall is relaxed about the prospect of rangers finishing third in the scottish championship.
stewart regan insists dave king faces a challenge to convince the sfa he is a' fit and proper' person to be chairman of rangers.	south africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the ibrox boardroom if he can overcome sfa obstacles.	king has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body's professional game board that 41 convictions under south african tax law are not a breach of sfa regulations.
danny ings has impressed at burnley this season.	mario balotelli and rickie lambert appear set to depart liverpool.	sportsmail assesses liverpool's chances of landing five of their main targets.	unless one of the top four falter dramatically in the final six premier league games of the season, liverpool will also miss out.
builders are putting the finishing touches to fc united of manchester's broadhurst park.	there are no pyramids, hanging gardens or light houses.	there is a sweeping terrace, a series of football pitches and floodlight pylons.
manchester united's unpopular owners has written an enlightening account of his time with the manchester united chiefs.	tehsin nayani's book,' the glazer gatekeeper: six years speaking for manchester united's silent owners', has written the' the glazer gatekeeper'.	sir bobby charlton talks with bryan glazer, joel glazer and avram glazer.
premier league clubs looking for players at barcelona and real madrid this summer.	martin odegaard is expected to go out on loan from real madrid to gain experience next season.	sportsmail look at 10 potential clasico exports.	iker casillas doesn’t want to leave but if he does decide he’s had enough.
wojciech szczesny is all smiles as he and girlfriend mariana luczenko enjoy a drink in their garden.	szczesny was treated to a private birthday performance by polish band, lemon, at his home in london.	szczesny was clearly touched by the efforts of his girlfriend and took to instagram on monday to thank her.
john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united with thousands of supporters planning to boycott sunday's home match against spurs.	the 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with mike ashley’s running of the club.
sam allardyce has fired a warning to full back aaron cresswell.	the west ham star has had a fine debut season in the premier league.	he wrote in his evening standard column:' what makes players like him attractive to big clubs is that he is home-grown and squads'.
fulham fans in the jimmy steed stand applauded their team at the final whistle.	it was not the victory manager kit symons had called for but a point away to charlton probably secures their future in the championship next season.	they are eight points clear of millwall and bar a miraculous resurgence.
mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from england duty and hopes to see a big improvement when spurs face newcastle.	kane has been nominated for both pfa player of the year and pfa young player of the year.	pochettino believes that midfielder ryan mason has also been affected by the call-up.
massimiliano allegri's starting line-up had an average age of 30years 64days during their slender 1-0 quarter-final first leg win over monaco.	the italian tactician named an experienced side with gianluigi buffon, giorgio chiellini, stefan lichtsteiner, patrice evra (33), andrea pirlo (35) all starting the match at the juventus stadium.	juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon continues to impress in between the sticks at the age of 37.
ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad.	the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa.	but the 29-year-old says he has a role to play at united.
amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30.	reports in america suggested television network showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and algieri.	khan said he will not be fighting adrien broner despite the brash american calling him out on twitter while miguel cotto was another name ruled out.
manny pacquiao has been stepping up his training programme in la with the welterweight boxer recently pictured jogging around griffith park.	the filipino appears to be in fine fettle ahead of his highly-anticipated showdown against floyd mayweather with pacquiao taking to social media to show off his ripped physique.	thank for showing your love for the lord and being a good example.
pele and bobby moore embraced sportsmanship on a football pitch, the final whistle had already blown.	so loudly did the football world applaud such an exhibition of mutual respect between two giants of the game that all these decades later, the applause still resounds.	that was in 1970, at the end of a wonderfully hard-fought world cup group match between england and brazil.
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters.	tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters.	raonic had to retire from his quarter-final showdown with berdych.
rafael nadal squeezed through to the quarter-finals of the monte carlo masters.	the french number three will now face grigor dimitrov, who dumped out defending champion stanislas wawrinka with a 6-1 6-2 win.	federer was playing his first tournament since losing to novak djokovic in the monte carlo masters.
stan wawrinka saw grigor dimitrov breeze through 6-1, 6-2 to his first masters quarter-final of the season.	wawrinka is the defending champion in monte carlo and seldom has a title been relinquished so easily.
west ham striker enner valencia is a transfer target for chelsea.	jose mourinho earmarked the ecuador forward in january as he chased juan cuadrado and douglas costa from shakhtar.	chelsea have been weighing up various strikers with loic remy struggling to maintain fitness and didier drogba.
patrick bamford scored in middlesbrough's 2-1 win over wolves on tuesday.	the 21-year-old striker has been prolific in his loan spells at boro, derby and mk dons.	sportsmail understands his parent club are opening talks with him over a new deal.
wojciech szczesny will start in the fa cup semi-final.	arsene wenger confirmed szczesny will play ahead of david ospina against reading at wembley on saturday.	szczesny is understood to be content with his situation and confident of winning back his place.
steve clarke admits his reading side must be' perfect' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley.	arsene wenger’s side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday.
steve clarke insists the fa cup needs protecting after some dubious decisions.	earlier in the competition the third round ties were split over five days due to new years day premier league matches.	reading had to play their fa cup replay against bradford in the last round on a monday night.
jessica ennis-hill, mo farah and greg rutherford take part in the sainsbury’s anniversary games.	all three won their gongs on super saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively.	ennis-hill will be making her first appearance since giving birth to son reggie.
adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city.	the well-travelled former everton and manchester city manager wants to talk crossbars.	heath has been here for eight years now.	he has signed a two-year contract with new york city.
rebecca lowe has helped to improve coverage of the premier league in america.	lowe was at turf moor to present burnley's premier league match against arsenal.	lowe joined by former usa midfielder robbie earle and retired mls star kyle martino.
manchester city face west ham united at their etihad campus on sunday.	manuel pellegrini's stars were trained on wednesday ahead of their match.	sergio aguero was criticised by sky sports' gary neville and graeme souness after city's loss at manchester united.
david villa shows there's no hard feelings towards atletico madrid.	the world cup-winning star spent a year at vicente calderon last season.	but his new team posted a photo of villa on their official instagram account.
derby will be more like el clasico, with 14 native spanish-speaking players due to be involved.	eight of united’s first-team squad and six from city are from spain or spanish-speaking countries.	they are david de gea, victor valdes, juan mata, joe hart, james milner as well as frank lampard.
ufc women's champion ronda rousey reinforced her support for manny pacquiao.	rousey, the undefeated ufc bantamweight title holder, has made it clear she is in underdog pacquiao's camp in the lead up to the fight.	rousey, the ufc women's bantamweight champion, recently starred in the film fast and furious 7.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 steps up a gear on tuesday night when the american holds an open workout for the media.	the session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12am uk (7pm edt).
floyd mayweather jnr dazzled the media with his skills, manny pacquiao takes his turn.	pacquiao has promised to be on time - and you can watch it here from 11pm.	after mayweather was almost two hours late for his workout, pacquiao will be put through his paces.
manny pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing about the struggles in the philippines.	the filipino boxer is joined by several of his compatriots as he sings and performs in' i'm fighting for filipinos'.	pacquiao will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat mayweather, was recently spotted training at griffith park in los angeles.
floyd mayweather's clash with manny pacquiao will earn $10,000 (£6,800).	the fight at the mgm grand on may 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) with both fighters picking up huge pay days.	the referee of the eagerly-awaited contest will net $10,000 with kenny bayless and tony weeks both frontrunners.	kenny bayless refereeing floyd mayweather's fight against marcos maidana in september 2014.
floyd mayweather's spending habits are well known but his car dealer has revealed that the boxer bizarrely rang him at 3am to order a bugatti - insisting the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours.	the £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later, and was added to his collection of impressive motors.	obi okeke, the owner of fusion luxury motors, was interviewed on the video on mayweather's facebook page and spoke about the very late phone call he received.	obi okele, who owns fusion luxury motors, was given the task of getting mayweather the bugatti.
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.	mayweather's personal chef reveals that he loves his snacks, swapping healthy food for sweets and fizzy drinks on' snack day'.	mayweather's chef loads the conveyor belt with snacks before spending more than $300.
theo walcott will finally open formal talks about his future in the next two weeks.	the 26-year-old has got just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal which has alerted liverpool and manchester city, who are keen on the england winger.
atletico madrid's supporters have stopped fretting about departures.	sergio aguero was a star at atletico before being replaced by radamel falcao.	diego simeone has been pulling the strings at the la liga club.
philipp lahm has given former bayern munich team-mate owen hargreaves.	lahm played together at bayern when hargreaves was at the club from 2000-2007.	the former bayern midfielder speaks to the bt sport pundit as part of a documentary' inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves' which airs saturday at 10pm on bt sport 1.
atletico madrid centre back miranda has lambasted serbian referee milorad mazic following his side's champions league encounter against real madrid.	the brazil international criticised mazic's display after the goalless draw at the vicente calderon.	miranda was far from happy with milorad mazic's performance during atletico's champions league clash.	miranda is not the only atletico madrid star to hit out at mazic as team-mate mario suarez has also taken a swipe at the serbian official.
paul scholes has criticised mario mandzukic for over reacting to atletico madrid striker daniel carvajal.	mandzukic was the centre of attention in on-pitch scraps with sergio ramos, raphael varane and carvajal.	scholes claimed the atletico star was over-reacting to the challenges made on him.
cristiano ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him, gareth bale left it knowing that once again the fingers of blame will be pointing at him after diego godin’s slip.	bale was often the brightest of real’s front three but his miss was still the clearest.	bale will not find too much consolation in the fact that he linked well with ronaldo in the first half.
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico madrid in the champions league.	three of them are from spain and with madrid rivals real and atletico respectively.	marca's front page on wednesday leads on atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak.
sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the barclays premier league team of the day.	it was the saturday that saw leicester city keep their survival chances alive by coming from behind to beat west brom and tim sherwood claim a priceless victory for aston villa at his former club tottenham.	bacuna was effective in dealing with the tottenham threat down his side of the pitch and also set up the winning goal.
wilfried zaha has admitted he felt ‘worthless’ during his two-year spell as a manchester united player after his dream move to old trafford turned sour.	the 22-year-old winger was signed by then old trafford boss sir alex ferguson in january 2013 from crystal palace for £10million.	but the terms of the transfer saw him loaned straight back to the eagles for the remainder of the season.
eric cantona refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film, insisting you and the night is a' piece of art'.	french film has a number of racy scenes, and at one point sees cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear.	but the 48-year-old is adamant it is not pornography.
lionel messi is not the best player in the world, according to eric cantona.	manchester united legend cantona delivered his surprising verdict that the argentine was the ‘ most creative’ player in the world.	pastore, who cost the french league leaders £29million, has three goals and five assists this season.
eric cantona claimed manchester united are' kings of the city' after their derby victory on sunday.	the former united striker made a rare foray into football matters at the laureus sports awards in shanghai.
chris maguire scored a penalty for wednesday deep into stoppage time.	chris maguire scored the kind of goal that belongs in the premier league to put them in front.	bournemouth have had 15 penalties this season.
eddie howe was at a loss as to why his bournemouth side were not awarded a'clear-cut' penalty in their 2-2 draw with sheffield wednesday.	the cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the sky bet championship going into stoppage time after yann kermorgant and matt ritchie scored, only for chris maguire to earn the owls a point from the spot after a foul on striker callum wilson that left howe frustrated.	but it was the failure of referee paul tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the 65th minute.
marco verratti has hailed his swedish team-mate zalatan ibrahimovic.	the 33-year-old striker has bagged 17 goals for laurent blanc's side.	but verratti believes his input off the pitch is just as important.
jose mourinho guided porto to glory that year but later moved to take over at chelsea in the premier league.	the 48-year-old had only managed two seasons at club level with rayo vallecano and real madrid b.	the likes of david de gea, koke, isco and thiago came through under lopetegui.
napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the europa league after inflicting a devastating defeat on wolfsburg at the volkswagen arena on thursday night.	rafa benitez's side struck twice in the opening 45 minutes before the slovakian midfielder added a third after the break.	substitute manolo gabbiadini made it four moments after replacing two-goal hero hamisk from the bench.
petr cech posted a video via his youtube cover of' magnificent' by u2.	the 32-year-old has won three league titles, four fa cups and the champions league.	cech has won three league titles, four fa cups and the champions league.
jurgen klopp announced he would be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season.	borussia dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke, klopp and michael zorc of dortmund were present for the press conference at signal iduna park on wednesday.	klopp was emotionally charged during the press conference.
todd phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone, who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel.	phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone, who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel.
arjen robben has said he has' felt disabled' during his latest spell on the sidelines with a troublesome abdominal injury.	the holland international has missed his side's last four matches due to an abdominal injury.	arjen robben has said he has felt' physically disabled' during the last few weeks.
alvaro arbeloa, asier illarramendi and nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex.	real madrid trio were joined by adidas presenter roman kemp during the behind-the-scenes tour.	arbeloa starts off by revealing that real madrid's first-team stars are allowed 24-hour access to the club's hq.
manchester city have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double.	but the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package.	some fans will now have to pay over £1,700 to watch manuel pellegrini's side, up from just £885.	city claim the change is due to upgrades which have come in during the stadium's expansion.
david silva has a chance of playing at the weekend.	the spaniard was caught in the face by an elbow from cheikhou kouyate.	but the club say the player will still need careful monitoring this week.
uefa has ordered montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors.	russia head coach fabio capello scratches his head as players leave the pitch after the match is abandoned.	players from both sides were involved in a brawl before referee decided to abandon the game.	play resumed but trouble erupted between the players in the second half.
manchester united beat city league cup semi-final in the fa cup last month.	juan mata was released by wayne rooney and the spaniard ran through to shoot between hart's legs to extend the host's advantage.	mata once again showed his value to the side and pointed the way with a display full of energy.
manchester city's captain vincent kompany, manager manuel pellegrini and patrick vieira were in attendance to watch the club's under 18s side fall to a 3-1 defeat by chelsea in the fa youth cup final first-leg.	manchester city's head of youth development and former midfielder patrick vieira also attends the game on monday night.	city's head of youth development patrick vieira also attends the academy stadium on monday night.
leonardo jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 to what he described as a'non-existent penalty' in their champions league quarter-final first leg at juventus on tuesday.	the controversial decision will add to calls for the use of video replays as it was still not fully clear what happened.	the spot kick was awarded after juve's alvaro morata got clear of monaco's portuguese defender ricardo carvalho as the striker chased a long ball forward from andrea pirlo.	ricardo's carvalho's initial contact on alvaro morata appeared to come from outside the area.
chelsea are believed to have made an offer for fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto.	the 22-year-old international would be the first japanese player to sign for chelsea.	the 22-year-old has scored three goals in four games so far this season.
patrick bamford hopes his long-term future will be at stamford bridge.	the striker beat ipswich town’s daryl murphy and watford’s troy deeney to win the prize at sunday night’s football league awards in central london.	after previous loan spells at mk dons and derby county, the 21-year-old has produced his best form yet for aitor karanka’s promotion-chasing side.
sheffield wednesday chief executive paul aldridge will leave the championship club at the end of next season.	aldridge, who has previously worked at west ham, leicester city and manchester city, joined the club as vice chairman and ceo in january 2011.	wednesday have brought in adam pearson and glenn roeder to work alongside stuart gray.
jamie carragher says mike ashley has turned newcastle united into a ‘boring’ club.	his words are sure to resonate with supporters who boycotted sunday’s defeat at home to spurs – a sixth straight loss which equals their worst-ever run in the premier league.	sportsmail columnist in his punditry role on sky sports.
moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool's official fan club in pakistan.	the lifelong liverpool fan, 27, has been called up for england's final two tests in the west indies.	he said:' i'm happy to announce i'm the new brand ambassador of pak reds.	i look forward to this association.	you'll never walk alone.
bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter-finalists pakistan by 79 runs in dhaka.	tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries as bangladesh made 329.	pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on sunday when the second odi takes place in mirpur.
josh mantellato broke brave bradford's hearts as hull kr avoided a potential ladbrokes challenge cup banana skin with a 50-30 victory at the odsal stadium.	rovers twice came from behind, trailing 12-0 in the early stages to the kingstone press championship heavyweights.	it was only the east yorkshire side's second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011.
aaron murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as huddersfield beat catalans dragons to end a three-match losing run.	murphy went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from jake connor's pass.	he was then on hand when ukuma ta'ai, who also scored twice, caught and off-loaded a kick from danny brough on 37 minutes.
gary cahill has won four cups with chelsea since joining in 2012.	the england defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement.	gary cahill is yet to win the premier league with chelsea this season.
paris st germain coach laurent blanc accepts his side face an almost impossible mission trying to turn around their champions league quarter-final against barcelona at the camp nou on tuesday.	the ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a dominant barca led by a lethal luis suarez who grabbed a brace in the 3-1 defeat.	thiago silva joins thiago motta among the injured and david luiz is also a fitness doubt.	marco verratti will also be available again when psg meet barcelona on tuesday.
javier pastore has dismissed eric cantona’s suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet.	but speaking ahead of his side’s tie against barcelona in the nou camp, pastore believes lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are a class above him.	pastore and his paris saint-germain team-mates are pictured at the nou camp on monday.
sean reardon was stopped by police as he drove through chico.	he claims once he was out of the car he was wrestled to the floor by two police officers who then hit him with a baton or stick.	it is likely to inflame tensions in america about police brutality after a number of high profile incidents of beatings and fatal shootings have been caught on camera.
sian lloyd enjoys a glass of clare valley riesling at skillogalee winery north of adelaide in south australia.	the temperature had climbed above 40c for a whole week and even the aussies were struggling.	it was the hottest place on the planet.
eddie hearn has insisted his £1.5million purse offer to carl frampton comes with no strings attached.	hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight with carl frampton.	tv rights were believed to be a major stumbling block in negotiations as matchroom are tied to sky sports.
andy lee is confident he has improved since winning his world title last year.	the irishman makes the first defence of his wbo middleweight belt against peter quillin in new york on saturday.	lee is making the first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against matt korobov last year.	fighting at home like quillin is on saturday, brings a different kind of pressure to the table.
the image was first shared on reddit under the headline' dad security' at the weekend.	the image on his page had been liked by 370,000 facebook users and had been shared more than 45,000 times.	kit dale, a two-time world pro brazilian jiu-jitsu champion from melbourne, australia, shared the image to his facebook page on sunday.
bridget olinda garcia, 32, from port st. lucie, florida, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone and was preparing to leave their home in port st. lucie, south-east florida.	after bundling his three siblings into her car, garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped onto the hood.	garcia is charged with child abuse for the incident.
author gordon thorburn called the wooden buildings a "male necessity".	they were they could do some woodwork, pot some plants or even read the newspaper in peace.	but now the female sex and demanding a place at the bottom of the garden to call their own.
the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning.	lilly leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm.	meanwhile, mrs pulitzer's own daughter liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out.
youtube star cassey ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video, highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips.	cassey's youtube channel, blogilates, has over two million subscribers, so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the california resident’s fitness videos still manage to get under her skin.
virgil van dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season’s player of the year awards, celtic will surely fire off a stiff missive seeking clarification on the reasons.	the prospect of a treble evaporated last sunday, an afternoon ronny deila now describes as the worst of his career.
incredible footage has captured the moment a huge stingray nibbles on a freediver’s head, gliding back and forth over the man’s body gently on the ocean floor.	the video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and johnny debnam, a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover.	mr debnam says he felt completely at ease with the stingray, although he was aware of the risks.
eric abidal believes his former club barcelona have the potential to secure a treble by winning la liga, the champions league and the copa del rey this season.	abidal was an integral part of pep guardiola's brilliant barcelona team that swept the board to win six trophies in 2009.	barcelona won the treble in 2009 and former defender eric abidal says the current crop are on their way.	barcelona are very much in form.
steven pienaar has admitted he considered retirement as frustration took its toll.	the 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries.	he returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city.
young professional footballers can be an easy target with some of their behaviour but on thursday afternoon it was refreshing to sit down and talk with danny welbeck.	he struck me as a thoroughly decent young man who lives his life the right way.	he is a credit to his family and his easy-going manner means he must a dream to work with.
chelsea have turned to the latest fitness technology to carry them over the line towards the premier league title following a relentless campaign.	the blues are currently seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals and seven games remaining.	jose mourinho's side is leaving nothing to chance as players hit the gym following the announcement of a partnership with leading wellness solutions provider technogym.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao have showed off their toned physique's - as there preparations continue.	the fight takes place at the las vegas, mgm grand garden arena on may 2 - with the bout being billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.	the filipino boxer has been keen to show off he's in the best condition of his life, with a series of posts in the last few weeks.
radamel falcao spent his thursday evening in the company of jonas gutierrez.	the on-loan forward has been linked with paris saint-germain, juventus and valencia in recent weeks.	falcao managed to catch up with gutierrez and posted a picture of the pair on his instagram account.
robin van persie was an interested spectator as he watched the bout on a camel tv and showed his support for his fellow dutchmen on his instagram page.	the 54-year-old rampaged to victory over chisnall, taking the contest, 7-3, and recovering from back-to-back defeats in his two previous outings.	robin van persie took to instagram to show that he was watching his fellow dutchmen go head-to-head.
benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer.	australian prime minister tony abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut's wife, daphne, which she declined.	mr abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in australia and around the world.
spurs claim a 3-1 win over newcastle on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike.	christian eriksen and harry kane’s 30th of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in the premier league.	head coach john carver fears his side could yet plummet towards the bottom three.
manchester city defeated west ham 2-0 in the premier league.	sergio aguero slotted manchester city into a two goal lead.	sergio aguero scored his 20th of the campaign.	west ham defender james collins booked on in despair.
real madrid closed the gap on barcelona to just two points at the top of la liga.	gareth bale and luka modric do n't derail their season.	cristiano ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for sergio ramos and james rodriguez.
fifa vice-president jim boyce said on wednesday night that the sfa were ‘ entirely wrong’ in their move to ban josh meekings from the scottish cup final.	meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a leigh griffiths effort in their semi-final victory - an incident which also prompted celtic to write to the sfa seeking ‘ an understanding’ of why no penalty and red card followed.	meekings believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee steven mclean and his assistants.
divock origi has revealed that compatriot simon mignolet has been helping him prepare for the' special feeling' of playing at anfield and the goalkeeper has given him tips about the best places to go in liverpool.	belgium international origi has also received messages from members of the club's management team to let him know they are monitoring his progress closely during his season-long loan at french side lille.	liverpool signed origi after daniel sturridge's long-term injury and mario balotelli's failure to find form left brendan rodgers' side goal-shy in the first half of the season.
fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence.	the bill, entitled' measures for the confrontation of violence in greek sports and other provisions', will be initially reviewed by the cultural affairs committee from april 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on may 4-5.	football's governing bodies have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence.
david moyes waved goodbye to manchester united exactly a year ago.	louis van gaal has propelled united back into the top four.	louis van gaal has won the premier league title by 11 points.
an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.	it's believed that he was from seymour in victoria.	he was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack.
a 4wd burst into flames in the middle of sydney airport's busy international terminal on thursday morning.	the red 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle.	the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke.
tegan peters, 22, from auckland new zealand said she immediately wanted to warn her pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park, south of auckland.	ms peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old rottweiler-cross, odin.	ms peters said she initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but she was surprised to find that there were broken up pieces inside the ball.
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup.	footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up.
joachim low won the best coach award for guiding germany to the world cup.	carlo ancelotti and diego simeone were runners-up behind joachim low at the ballon d'or in january.	simeone is understood to have asked ancelotti how life was in madrid.
an airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags into the correct queues - but it's a somewhat cut and thrust job.	as the suitcases whizz round on the belt, out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track.	suddenly the mechanical arm springs into action giving the luggage some brute force.
insurers are checking people's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away.	but sunseekers are being warned that it could also invalidate their home insurance if they get burgled while they are away.	holidaymakers who announce they are going on a two-week trip or regularly post selfies from the beach on facebook.
warren sapp was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault.	warren sapp made many highlight-reel plays during the course of his hall of fame career.	in the video obtained by tmz, sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that' everyone got naked' after he' put $600 on the table'.
ron aydelott, head coach for riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack.	witnesses said aydelott in no way provoked the attack but the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt' disrespected,' reports news channel five.
sergey burkaev, 16, and konstantin surkov, 17, are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat.	the vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west russia, according to prosecutors.	police who quizzed them say both teenagers have confessed to the murders and rape.
the man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails of the washington, d.c., metro system by two men who leaped down after him.	surveillance footage recorded at the u street station, on the green and yellow lines of the metro system, recorded the swift rescue.
paul warren smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white marshall independent school district van seen in surveillance video tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the humane society on saturday.	police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence just before noon on saturday at the humane society of harrison county's the pet place in marshall.	in the video, the man is seen pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van.
holidaymakers onboard the delayed flight from madrid to manchester had been due to land at 11.25pm on friday.	but by the time they finally arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at terminal 3.	border force claim that a number of passengers were checked by officers on their arrival into manchester airport.
traffic began to build up on the m58 around switch island in merseyside.	but a renault driver was n't happy and pulled into the inside lane.	but a silver renault swerves in the lane blocking the mercedes from passing.
david cameron today turned the clock back to ape john major’s election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful.	it came as mr cameron turned the clock back to ape john major’s election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful, but ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘ the nhs is dying’.	mr cameron promised at the weekend that he would ‘ take to the streets’ to defend the tory record and urge voters to reject both labour and ukip.
german shepherd puppy learned that mothers do indeed know best when its guardian put it in its place with a paw.	the young german shepherd bounces about the decking playfully while its mother relaxes on the floor.
the 20-day-old' spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs.	mr xiao started running his goat farm in chaohu in anhui province about a year ago and owns more than 400 goats.	owner of the farm, said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with' an extraordinary appetite'.
virgil van dijk insists their season will still be a success if they clinch the scottish premiership title.	celtic striker leigh griffiths accused the match officials of robbing them a cup final appearance after they failed to spot his goal-bound header being stopped by the hand of inverness defender josh meekings when the hoops were leading 1-0.	celtic captain scott brown appeals to referee steven mclean, but no penalty is awarded for the handball.
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season.	he is on loan from chelsea and the question being asked is whether he could be stamford bridge's answer to harry kane next season.	middlesbrough's bamford insists he wants to fight for his place at stamford bridge.
raheem sterling is at the centre of a second drugs controversy after the liverpool forward was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide.	the england international, who was also exposed on sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe, will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high, which is also known as' hippy crack'.	nitrous oxide starves the brain of oxygen and makes users feel light-headed and dizzy.
porto star striker jackson martinez was one of many players to look perplexed by their warm reception.	porto boss julen lopetegui was hugged by fans congratulating him on their champions league run.	however that does n't appear the case for those devoted to porto.	police escorts were needed to keep the delirious supporters at bay.
james milner will play a waiting game until the end of the season.	brendan rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by steven gerrard’s departure.	milner is keen to ensure that city finish the season as strongly as possible.
chelsea are looking to beat manchester city to sign brazilian starlet nathan.	the attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with atletico paranaense.	he is due to speak to chelsea next week ahead of a proposed move to stamford bridge which would likely see him loaned out.
tony pulis has had scouts busy monitoring targets in france as he believes they represent better value with montpellier’s former blackburn right back bryan dabo also under scrutiny.	plea, 22, has scored three goals this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder.	pulis is keen on bolstering his forward options in the summer.
serie a champions juventus want to sign the in-demand uruguayan as they look to partner him with fellow south american carlos tevez.	cavani, who played for italian sides palermo and napoli before joining psg in a £50million deal, has admitted his frustration at being played out of position under laurent blanc.	cavani's agent claudio anelucci says his client is most likely to move to england or spain this summer.
memphis depay appears to be edging closer to a move away from the philips stadion as psv eindhoven director marcel brands has revealed there is a high chance his side's star player will leave in the summer.	depay's former international manager louis van gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old and brands has openly admitted that his side are resigned to losing the dutch international.	dutch international depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season.	tottenham, manchester city and paris saint-germain are also among the contenders to sign depay.
andre gomes insists he has no intention of leaving the club this summer.	the 21-year-old has been linked with manchester united and chelsea.	reports have linked gomes with a move to manchester united and chelsea.
manchester united checked on lazio's felipe anderson and gonzalo higuain on wednesday night.	anderson set up lazio's winner for senad lulic in the coppa italia semi-final second leg which sees them face juventus in the final.	higuain is unsettled at napoli with rafa benitez poised to leave the club in the summer.
chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo's 22-year-old yoshinori muto.	the japan international has played for the j-league side since 2013.	chelsea's interest in muto is not connected to the £200million deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february.
ukip leader nigel farage poses with some young voters while out canvasing in broadstairs.	two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken.	itv's good morning britain show is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media.
retired policeman spencer bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the motorway near watford, hertfordshire, after a man fell from a bridge in january last year.	but as he tended the victim – alan tretheway, 67 – mr bell was struck by a toyota driven by mother-of-three iram shahzad.	as mr bell crouched with mr tretheway, he was struck and killed.
gloucestershire police were called to the incident on an unregistered road between the a417 and cowley in gloucestershire.	the driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between the a417 and cowley in gloucestershire.	gloucestershire road police tweeted this picture of the van, along with a warning to other drivers to take care on country roads.
oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn america a draw against the montreal impact in the first leg of the concacaf champions league final.	the second-half substitute headed home a cross from argentine midfielder rubens sambueza after opening the scoring with the message' grandfather i love you'.	argentine striker ignacio piatti had put the impact ahead when he converted andres romero's ball in early in the first half.
marc tierney is poised to announce his retirement on thursday.	the 29-year-old fractured his ankle playing against yeovil in 2013.	specialists in america he has been forced to cut short his career.
siem de jong is on track to play a part in newcastle's barclays premier league clash.	the 26-year-old midfielder played 72 minutes for the club's under-21s.	it was his second appearance for peter beardsley's side since recovering from surgery to repair a collapsed lung.	de jong is in contention for a seat on the bench at st james' park.
diaby's contract expires in june and talks over his future.	arsene wenger has hinted he could offer the frenchman a new contract.	diaby has suffered 42 injuries and only made 22 appearances in four seasons.
martin skrtel has rejected rumours linking him with a move away from anfield.	the slovakia international has made over 200 league appearances.	the 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the reds.
brendan rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season.	brendan rodgers believes stan collymore is still the correct figure to make the reds a force to be reckoned with once more.	the reds' fa cup semi-final exit against aston villa followed defeat at the same stage of the capital one cup.
david silva has returned to training, the club have reported.	the spain international feels the full force of kouyate's elbow in an accidental challenge on sunday.	silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham's cheikhou kouyate.
aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their fa cup quarter-final matches.	it is alleged that villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs' sixth-round victories against west brom and bradford respectively.	both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge.
david silva has a chance of playing at the weekend.	the spaniard was caught in the face by an elbow from cheikhou kouyate.	but the club say the player will still need careful monitoring this week.
floyd mayweather jnr's sparring partner jeremy nichols gives a mock interview as manny pacquiao.	the filipino meets undefeated mayweather in a $300million mega-fight that has been branded' the biggest bout in boxing history' at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2.	mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media.
tomas berdych overwhelmed gael monfis 6-1, 6-4 on saturday to reach the final of the monte carlo masters for the first time.	berdych immediately took control from the baseline and monfils struggled to cope with the fast pace imposed by the big-hitting czech.	monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set before the frenchman changed his strategy, using more sliced shots to break up his opponent's rhythm.
frankie dettori is the only jockey to have ridden elie lellouche-trained ectot.	the only exception will be sheik joaan’s al thani signed up gregory benoist to ride the horses which race under his al shaqab banner in france.	benoist is the only jockey to have one jockey covering both countries because sheik joaan’s operation has expanded so much.
saracens flanker maro itojie secures a loose ball on the deck during a tight first half of action.	clermont centre wesley fofana attempts an offload following a crunching hit from marcelo bosch.	clermont warm up in front of their supporters at stade geoffroy-guichard in saint-etienne.
saracens head coach mark mccall wants warriors.	owen farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench for the big clash.	england centre brad barritt will captain mark mccall's side against clermont.
pakistan appear set to host test-playing opposition in their home country for the first time in more than six years.	zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month, likely to take place in lahore and karachi.	no tourists have played in pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on sri lanka's team bus in lahore in march 2009.
england are set to face trial by leg-spin after west indies captain denesh ramdin confirmed devendra bishoo will play in tuesday's second test.	wrist spin has long been a bete noire for england batsmen, a quirk that has been passed down the dna since australia's shane warne dominated the old enemy for more than a decade.	west indies captain denesh ramdin confirmed that leg-spinner bishoo will play against england in the second test.
kevin pietersen has returned to the lv= county championship in a bid to stake a claim for an england recall.	former england captain mike gatting believes kevin pietersen should not walk straight back into the international set-up, even if he piles on the runs for surrey this season.	pietersen is keen to play for england again after being sacked in 2014.
alastair cook is not concerned about his failure to hit a test hundred since may 2013.	the three half-centuries cook made in his last four test innings of last summer count for little now as his battle to prove he remains the best man for the job nears crunch time.	cook remains england's leading century maker despite his recent failure to score a test century.
stephen curry nearly single-handedly outscored new orleans with 11 first-quarter points as the warriors built a 15-point lead and rolled to victory in game one of their western conference first-round series.	golden state, the top top seed in the west, picked up right where it left off in the regular season, recording a 19th straight home win and 40th in 42 games this year.
chairman barry hearn has rubbished rumours the betfred world championship will leave its spiritual home of sheffield.	this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre, and there is interest from china in hosting the event.	hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with sheffield city council, and broadcast partner the bbc, both of which expire in 2017.
charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas.	the 29-year-old, and her horse valegro, who won the world title in lyon last year, recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of dutchman edward gal with american steffen peters in third.
scott sinclair has confirmed he wants to sign permanently for aston villa.	the winger is on loan at aston villa from manchester city.	sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for villa.
danny ings insists his aim for next season is to play and develop wherever he ends up next season.	burnley striker's future has been the subject of considerable speculation with the 22-year-old also linked with moves to borussia monchengladbach and david moyes' real sociedad.	ings has scored nine goals in his debut premier league season.
fernando torres and steven gerrard became good friends during his successful career.	the on-loan atletico madrid striker regards steven gerrard as the best.	torres spent three-and-half-seasons at the english club and struck up a close friendship with the former england captain.
jonas gutierrez was dropped after a fallout with newcastle head coach john carver.	carver said gutierrez was left out for ‘ selection reasons’ before stating that he did not want to talk about the player.	sources close to gutierrez say that he was axed following a heated exchange with carver.	he had been united’s best player during the tyne-wear derby defeat at sunderland in the previous game.
harry childs, jack hutchins, dean foreman and bradley pack were sentenced for affray.	the incident occurred on february 1, 2014 following a 3-3 draw between qpr and burnley last year.	harry childs and jack hutchins have been jailed for football-related disorder last year.	dean foreman and bradley pack were also sentenced to 30 weeks imprisonment.
sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat blackburn rovers 2-1.	ronald koeman has not even been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of koeman.	gallagher is hoping to help saints end the barclays under-21 premier league strongly.
jermain defoe has scored just three goals in 11 league appearances.	the former spurs forward has failed to adapt to life back in england.	defoe and his team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against crystal palace.
dick advocaat has serious concerns over the strength of his players.	the black cats are two places and three points above the drop zone.	sunderland manager dick advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of his players.
thierry henry said the stadium of light was the noisiest atmosphere he had ever experienced during sunderland’s derby win over newcastle.	exactly four weeks earlier advocaat watched from the comfort of his home in holland as sunderland trailed 4-0 at half-time to aston villa.	yannick bolasie trebled his tally for the campaign with a devastating 11-minute hat-trick.
nelson oliveira is determined to take his swansea chance presented to him by the absence of the in-form bafetimbi gomis.	oliveira has won 14 caps for his country and was once linked to a £24million move to manchester united.	but his career has stalled at benfica and swansea is his third loan spell in as many seasons.
dele alli has set his sights on playing for england under 20s at the toulon tournament next month.	the 19-year-old's impressive performances for milton keynes dons earned him a dream move to the premier league with tottenham hotspur in a £5million deal rubber-stamped in january.	alli's 14 goals have helped keep them in touch with the automatic promotion places in league one.
pep guardiola went into bayern munich's champions league second-leg.	pep guardiola's side responded ruthlessly, obliterating porto - and guardiola's doubters.	guardiola had a tear in his trousers as he orchestrated bayern's big win from the sidelines against porto.
fifa president sepp blatter met russia president valdimir putin on a world cup visit on monday.	blatter said on a visit to one of the host venues sochi on monday.	blatter told the tass news agency from the southern russian city.	blatter expected the finals to be a' wonderful' event.
manchester city sporting director txiki begiristain checked on porto pair yacine brahimi and alex sandro on tuesday night.	begiristain, who also wants wolfsburg's former chelsea midfielder kevin de bruyne, watched porto in action against bayern munich having sent scouts scouts to watch them in the first leg.	sandro, a 24-year-old brazilian left-back, is wanted by juventus too while paris st germain have an interest in algeria winger brahimi, who used to play for rivals chelsea.
harry redknapp says tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has been rescued by the kids.	spurs are almost certain to miss out on champions league football again with club currently occupying a place only in the top six.	harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals this season.
mauricio pochettino is convinced there is more to come from striker harry kane after seeing him plunder his 30th goal of the season.	kane became the first spurs player since gary lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side's 3-1 barclays premier league victory at newcastle on sunday.	pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old england hitman can improve further as he continues to make his way in the game.
cordoba striker florin andone has scored six goals in 16 games.	the 22-year-old romanian has scored six goals in 16 games.	tim sherwood is looking at the attacking duo of andone and bakary sako.
former premier league referee mark halsey has got to look at the appointment process for the fa cup final instead of mark clattenburg.	halsey said the english game would be a ‘ laughing stock’ over the decision to ignore clattenburg, one of only two english referees in the uefa elite ranks.	halsey thinks clattenburg, who has never refereed an fa cup final, has been overlooked as the professional game match officials board (pgmo) would prefer clattenburg to go to euro 2016 next summer.
martin odegaard's week got worse when real madrid's 16-year-old wonderkid refused a rating by spanish newspaper as for his performance for the club's b-team castilla.	the 16-year-old was dropped previously by manager zinedine zidane, and was substituted after 65 minutes against tudelano with the club's second team a goal down.	odegaard missed the two games before sunday's match, which ended 1-1, as note the starlet was whistled by supporters.	odegaard is understood to be on £40,000 per week but has yet to become a cohesive part of zidane's team.
martin odegaard has been dropped from the club's b-team castilla.	odegaard is said to be on a different wavelength to his castilla team-mates.	he is thought to be on wages of around 40,000-a-week after real madrid castilla.
real madrid's international stars reunited on wednesday as they took part in their first training session since losing el clasico to barcelona.	cristiano ronaldo returned to the club's valdebebas training ground after helping portugal go top of euro 2016 qualifying group i with a 2-1 win against serbia on sunday evening.	he was pictured greeting fellow galactico gareth bale, who also enjoyed a successful weekend with his country as he scored twice in wales' 3-0 victory against israel in haifa.	ronaldo, who scored in real's 2-1 defeat at the nou camp last month, appeared fit and fresh as carlo ancelotti led the first-team.
tim sherwood has offered encouragement to a six-year-old fan he beat to the job.	charlie pye, from leamington spa, applied for the villa hotseat after paul lambert was sacked in february.	sherwood wrote:' from your letter it is clear to see that you would indeed be an ideal candidate for the job due to your knowledge of the game'.
tim sherwood's penchant for a gilet has put the aston villa boss' sense of fashion in the spotlight.	the villa wide man turned up for training at the club's bodymoor heath complex wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo.	n'zogbia is no stranger to a garish outfit as seen here in a camouflage jump suit.	n'zogbia has featured regularly under sherwood since he was appointed in february.
per mertesacker believes arsenal have become a stronger unit from their fa cup success of last season.	the gunners head into the tie on the back of a superb run of form, which has seen them win 16 from 18 matches in all competitions and up into second place in the barclays premier league.
sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every fixture as it breaks.	premier league and fa cup semi-finals are all the key statistics surrounding your club's fixture.
jurgen klopp has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england.	klopp, 47, announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at borussia dortmund when the current season draws to a close, prompting fresh speculation that he could head for the premier league.	manchester city have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with manchester united and arsenal in the past.
david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history.	arsene wenger's side were hanging by a thread against their lower league opponents.	paul peschisolido headed what looked like an equaliser but seaman somehow managed to make one or two important saves from penalties for england.
brazilian star oscar says he is happy at chelsea and wo n't be leaving stamford bridge in the summer.	brazilian star oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february.	but the brazil international has insisted he is happy at stamford bridge.	jose mourinho has largely favoured other players to oscar in the second-half.
joe calzaghe showed he is still fighting fit as he enjoyed a holiday in barbados.	the former super-middleweight champion of the world frolicked with his girlfriend lucy on the beach this week.	after they took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim, their fun was interrupted by a downpour of rain.
floyd mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed' money' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance.	earlier this year mayweather posted a picture to various social media sites showing him stood in front of a fleet of super cars and a private jet.	mayweather is not shy when it comes to sharing pictures of his wealth on social media.
manny pacquiao revealed yet another of his talents by releasing his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr.	the so-called' the nation's fist' tune ahead of the richest fight in history against the undefeated american at the mgm grand on may 2.	multi-talented pacquiao not only wrote and sang the tune but also directed the music video before releasing it on his facebook page on monday.
louis van gaal wants danny ings to form a central part of his manchester united rebuilding this summer.	robin van persie and radamel falcao are uncertain and van gaal has put the 22-year-old englishman on his list of targets.	united have held talks with burnley and through a loophole in premier league regulations.
radamel falcao's former monaco team-mate nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united even though he was not happy in france.	the former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer.	falcao has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury.
phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall.	taylor, the 16-time world champion, squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4.	taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth.
dutch darts duo michael van gerwen and raymond van barneveld's current form could n't be further apart as they head into premier league darts' ninth leg in manchester on thursday.	world no 1 van gerwen, 25, beat countryman van barneveld, 47, 7-2 last week to remain undefeated and leave the veteran four-time world championship winner on the brink of elimination.
brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities after the liverpool youngster scored the opener in a 2-0 win over newcastle united.	brendan rodgers now says he will take time to talk to his rising star about what being a professional entails.	rodgers said that sterling's behaviour would be dealt with internally and that he would be speaking to him.
colin graves’ description of west indies as ‘mediocre’ would have the same motivating effect as tony greig saying he would make them grovel.	tony cozier, the most respected of caribbean broadcasters, had said ahead of this series that graves’ words might well inspire the home side, just as greig did all those years ago in 1976 when west indies were approaching their peak.
richie benaud, the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator, has died aged 84.	the daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition with the headline' a marvellous innings' next to a striking image of benaud during the 1961 ashes series.	the world has been paying tribute to benaud, the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator, who died on friday.
adam federici lay inert on the turf for a moment.	he realised the magnitude of what happened.	he let his head rest on the grass and closed his eyes as if he was trying to blot out the din and the agony and the wild celebrations of the arsenal fans.
john carver has called on the advice and support of former newcastle managers alan shearer and alan pardew as tensions grow between the club and its fanbase.	supporters are planning to boycott today’s game at home to spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner mike ashley.	carver was in the dugout alongside pardew at the end of last season.
newcastle united's fans rented a plane and banner to fly over st. james' park to boast about their derby wins.	protest group ashleyout.com had urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of st james’ park before kick-off.	there they called for billionaire ashley to quit the club and unfurled a banner, ‘ nufc – balance sheet champions – 2008-2014.	ashleyout.com are behind the protest and produced banners and leaflets around the city.
manchester city bounced back from their recent 4-2 derby defeat by easing to victory against west ham.	james collins and sergio aguero's 20th barclays premier league strike of the season was enough to give city the three points.	sportsmail's chris wheeler rates the players' performances at the etihad stadium.
rafa benitez's arrival at stamford bridge as interim manager in 2012 came as quite a slap in the face to chelsea fans still hurting from roberti di matteo's untimely departure just months after winning the champions league.	benitez was made chelsea interim manager in 2012 but it's fair to say the fans never warmed to him.	benitez was brought in on a mission to keep the club on course until the end of the season.
winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from fear of facing manchester city.	city had won their last five games against west ham on sunday.	winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from a fear of facing manchester city.
yaya toure called manchester city boss manuel pellegrini a' weak manager'.	manchester city midfielder yaya toure has called manuel pellegrini,' weak'.	but agent dimitri seluk has claimed the club are trying to make toure a scapegoat.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge.	jose mourinho said he was unfazed by his side's staggeringly low possession stat during the 1-0 win over manchester united.	jose mourinho said he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about getting results.	chelsea have not won the premier league since 2010.
carlo ancelotti has moved to deny rumours he is about to leave the santiago bernabeu this summer.	ancelotti's side, who will be without karim benzema, have' no margin for error' tonight when they face malaga at home, four hours after leaders barcelona have played valencia in catalonia.	marca bills saturday's la liga matches as' high risk', while sport lead on the role of the camp nou crowd.
stoke boss mark hughes has dismissed the latest reports linking asmir begovic with a move away from the britannia stadium.	there has been fresh talk this week of real madrid being interested in the goalkeeper, with it even being suggested in spain that talks had opened between the club, begovic's representatives and his current employers.	but at his press conference to preview saturday's barclays premier league home clash with southampton.
cristiano ronaldo was presented with a special shirt to mark his achievements by club president florentino perez.	ronaldo, 30, scored the landmark goal against rayo vallecano on april 8.	ronaldo's real madrid team-mates including gareth bale embrace the portuguese forward after he scored his 300th goal for the club.	he has also claimed two ballon d'or awards in that time.
manny pacquiao got two words in before a conference call about his fight with floyd mayweather jnr was abruptly cancelled on monday.	pacquiao's promoter blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation.	pacquiao was on the call, then got frustrated when the first caller in the queue was n't someone who was supposed to be in line to ask a question.	mayweather is due to address the media in a conference call on wednesday.
luis suarez scores his second goal, sending paris saint-germain keeper salvatore sirigu the wrong way to make it 3-0 to barcelona.	psg's players are left dejected after being unable to stop the uruguayan.
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu has told lionel messi that he would like the argentine star to stay with the club until he retires.	messi has been with the catalan giants since the age of 13.	bartomeu, however, has reiterated the club's stance that messi will always have a place at the nou camp.
luis suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona since joining the club this season.	brazilian ace neymar aims a knee at the groin area of fellow south american striker luis suarez.	suarez has scored 31 goals for liverpool in the premier league last season.
president josep maria bartomeu has insisted that the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique and they're' very happy' with him.	the 44-year-old took only took charge at the club last summer, and is only six games away from winning the title.	barcelona president josep maria bartemou says the club are' very happy' with enrique's performance.
monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev claims manchester united bosses have yet to decide whether they will sign radamel falcao on a permanent deal in the summer.	colombia striker falcao joined united on a one-year loan deal in september but has failed to shine during his time at old trafford.	radamel falcao takes aim at goal as chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois looks on at stamford bridge.
leonardo jardim believes monaco's coach is very proud of his players.	leonardo jardim addresses his players at training ahead of champions league match with juventus.	russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons.
arsene wenger accepted his side were' a bit lucky' after a fumble from reading goalkeeper adam federici handed them a 2-1 extra-time victory and a place in the fa cup final.	the gunners will head back to wembley on may 30 aiming to defend the trophy after edging past the sky bet championship side.	arsene wenger's side failed to hit the level seen in recent games against reading at wembley.
floyd mayweather has shared a video to his 5 million followers where he hits back at his supposed' haters'.	the 15-second video shot by director james' jp' dayap, a proud member of the money team brand owned by mayweather, hits out at his supposed haters.
jordan henderson has provided liverpool with a lift after their fa cup heartache.	the club's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract.	his advisors had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season.
rafa benitez has admitted he tried to raid former club chelsea to sign andre schurrle.	the napoli manager will see his side line up against the german outfit in the quarter-finals of the competition on thursday.	benitez also admitted to trying to sign ivan perisic and luiz gustavo before their january departures to wolfsburg.	napoli travel to wolfsburg for the first leg of the quarter-final.
jose mourinho has the best clean sheets, nullifying his rivals in 53.4 per cent of games.	chelsea boss jose mourinho also heads the list of managers with the lowest average of goals conceded per game, with a third likely at the end of the season.	benitez has 13 more, 114 from 254 matches with liverpool and chelsea.
werder bremen edged past bottom club hamburg sv 1-0.	werder players edged past bottom club hamburg sv 1-0.	bruno labbadia made a losing return to their bench.	werder moved up to seventh on 38 points with victory.
simon mignolet was voted the second most overrated player in ligue one in a poll by france football.	the 19-year-old joined liverpool after impressing at last summer's world cup.	origi has endured a difficult spell in ligue 1 - scoring just seven league goals this campaign.
atletico madrid are in talks to sign palermo's paulo dybala.	atletico boss carlo ancelotti has upset isco by telling him to be more defensive.	mundo deportivo have installed barcelona as favourites to win the champions league.
juventus have made a move for paulo dybala, the palermo striker who has caught the palermo president, according to reports in italy.	gazzetta dello sport report that, with speculation carlos tevez could be eyeing a return to argentina with boca juniors.	the paper adds that juventus have made an early move for the striker to avoid such a scenario.
manchester city have' let themselves down' this season and the squad have had' a lot of honest conversations' since the 4-2 defeat at manchester united.	joe hart has been lamenting the premier league champions' fall from grace this season.	hart said the defeat at third-placed united earlier this month was a particularly tough pill for him and his team mates to swallow.	coach manuel pellegrini has come under increasing pressure at the etihad.
ap mccoy repeated the trick on don cossack to the delight of a huge ladies’ day crowd.	mccoy will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie’s grand national on saturday, struck on day one in the doom bar aintree hurdle with jezki.	if the trend continues, mccoy will be celebrating another victory in the biggest race of all.
anderson silva will meet with brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's olympics in rio de janeiro.	the 40-year-old silva began his career as a taekwondo fighter and is a black belt in the sport.	he is currently suspended by ufc after failing drug tests, said in a letter to the taekwondo confederation that it would be' an immense pleasure' to be part of the brazilian team in rio.
england cricket board gave flower the confusing title of technical director of elite coaching after he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last ashes whitewash.	former england team director andy flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ecb.
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has quit the bundesliga club in the fall-out of their shock champions league defeat by porto.	muller-wohlfahrt claims the german champions' medical department has been blamed for wednesday night's 3-1 first-leg defeat in portugal which left their champions league hopes hanging by a thread.	the 72-year-old is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at bayern for almost 40 years.
jessica ennis-hill admits juggling motherhood with winning gold at next year's rio olympics.	she will take on katarina-johnson thompson, 22, who has risen to prominence in ennis-hill's absence, winning pentathlon gold at the european indoor championships last month.
jessica ennis-hill has begun communication with the iaaf in the aim of being rewarded with world championship gold from 2011 after champion tatyana chernova was exposed as a drug cheat.	ennis-hill believes it is unfair that chernova was banned but allowed to keep her world title.	ennis-hill, then the defending world champion, had to settle for silver.
eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships.	the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council.	eugene failed last november in its bid to host the 2019 event.
liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay.	liverpool hope to convince depay, 21, that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the champions league could be crucial to the 23-goal winger choosing them over united.	psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title in seven years after beating heerenveen 4-1 on saturday.	depay signed his first professional contract in june 2012.
ander herrera has shunned comparisons with paul scholes.	the spaniard took part in one of manchester united foundation's dream days on monday.	herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £28.8million arrival from athletic bilbao last summer.
jessica carey drove more than three hours to washington to see her grandmother, the elderly lady did n't realise she was in store for two surprises.	as soon as she walked through the door, she revealed she had a portrait of a younger patty lawing tattooed on her forearm.	jessica had her husband aaron carey create the stunningly accurate tattoo of patty on her forearm based on a childhood portrait.
carlo ancelotti has hailed his players as the best in the world ahead of their next game.	carlo ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio luka modric, gareth bale and karim benzema when they face city rivals atletico madrid.	the two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final at the santiago bernabeu with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on april 14.
mario mandzukic is still bruised from a physical champions league quarter-final.	the croatian suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by sergio ramos and fellow real defender dani carvajal punched him in the stomach.	mandzukic also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss saturday's 2-1 win at deportivo la coruna in la liga.	he is now back in training although showing the marks of his encounter with ramos.
real madrid boss carlo ancelotti put his side through some small-sided games with some seemingly comical results.	dani carvajal is mobbed by real madrid team-mates isco, sergio ramos, isco and nacho during training.	ancelotti's side will be without striker karim benzema for wednesday's match after revealing the french striker has has' a sprain to the medial collateral ligament of his right knee'.
redditor roxambops, aka roxy de la rosa posted the pictures of dozing alex elenes on the social networking site this week with the caption:' went to the amazon, cousin slept everywhere.	' he was due to take an intrepid jungle hike, naturally he slept through his alarm and missed the whole thing.
shaheen pirouz from denton, texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.	footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close.
labour's football-mad scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal.	the match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman in his fight against the terminal condition.	mr aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago.
adam johnson sat in a room with journalists at the stadium of light and talked about england and the forthcoming world cup.	he wasn’t sharing his opinion as a former international, but as one who genuinely hoped his exile was about to come to a deserved end.	johnson — scorer of seven goals in as many matches for sunderland —believed he was worthy of a recall, 21 months on from a five-minute cameo in norway’s stadium during a euro 2012 warm-up friendly.
manchester city supporters say they are' disgusted' with the club.	they claim the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium.	city say that area has been transformed into a premium location, and that ticket holders will receive a programme, parking and access to executive bars - an offering they did not have this season.
aston villa may be able to sign cordoba striker florin andone for as little as £2.5million.	the spanish side are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds.	sportsmail revealed villa have held talks over 22-year-old andone earlier this week.
john hughes has revealed how he came within a heartbeat of stepping down from his job at inverness as the josh meekings controversy went into overdrive this week.	the caley thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender - before he was dramatically cleared.	only messages of support awaiting him on his return from footballing friends brought him back from the brink of quitting.
ronald koeman called for southampton's players to show maturity, nous and respect after victor wanyama's future came under question.	this weekend brings with it arguably saints' biggest match of the season, with the visit of tottenham likely to be key in the fight for european qualification.	mauricio pochettino's first return to st mary's adds extra spice to match, ahead of which his successor felt the need to hold a team meeting to refocus his players' minds.
frank knight is a lifelong fan of the seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year.	blackpool fans vent their disgust at the oyston family, who own the club, last week.	knight is a lifelong fan of blackpool fan frank knight during tuesday's draw with reading.	owner owen oyston watches the match huddled under a blanket in the stands.
juventus moved 15 points clear of lazio atop serie a with a 2-0 win against them on saturday.	carlos tevez leads the front pages of italy's football coverage after leading juventus to victory over lazio.	tevez's goal helped juventus establish a 15-point lead over lazio at the summit of serie a.
daniel sturridge was left in stitches after hearing darren farley's impression of michael owen.	ahead of the reds' fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley on sunday, the england international met up with comedian darren farley as part of an exclusive promotional video to showcase the tv coverage of the match by bt sport.
cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi will go head-to-head once more in the race.	barcelona and real madrid booked their spots in the semi-finals.	lionel messi also has eight goals in the champions league.
six players shown the exit door at old trafford are in the competition's final four.	but six players have all made the semi-finals in their former club's absence.	patrice evra was part of david moyes' failing side last season but he now plays for italian side juventus.
kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against manchester united.	the big belgian has shone under louis van gaal in recent weeks.	zouma also played in midfield away at west ham and in the capital one cup final.
zinedine zidane has sparked a potential transfer battle with chelsea.	the real madrid boss was unashamed in his praise for hazard, who could be named pfa player of the year this weekend.	zidane’s comments are sure to agitate those at stamford bridge.
john hughes has revealed how he came within a heartbeat of stepping down from his job at inverness as the josh meekings controversy went into overdrive this week.	the caley thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender - before he was dramatically cleared.	only messages of support awaiting him on his return from footballing friends brought him back from the brink of quitting.
qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth world cup stadium.	the al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk-based architecture firms ramboll and pattern.	fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled.
football & the first world war tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly german chlorine attack near ypres, belgium.	some claimed the final, won by sheffield united following a 3-0 victory over chelsea.
chelsea midfielder oscar hopes that winning the premier league title can kick-start a period of dominance in english football.	jose mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal, who they play at the weekend, and brazil international oscar has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons.
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney.	atop miss royale as it tore down the home straight, the elastic in mr shinn's pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side.
born with epidermolysis bullosa, jonathan is covered with deep blistering wounds.	his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal.	unless a cure is found, jonathan will likely only live to 25.
the video, filmed in moon park, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the' vampire girl' prey on unsuspecting passers-by.	the video sees a' vampire girl' feasting on a fake carcass or chasing her' victims' through the park holding a blood stained teddy bear.
mila kunis has responded to kristina karo's accusations she stole her chicken as a child, with a video claiming she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching karo's music video.	but within hours kutcher posted a video - obtained by tmz - pointing out some of the holes in karo's story.	the 37-year-old declares in the self-shot vid.
jordan henderson is' over the moon' after signing a new long-term contract with liverpool.	the club's vice-captain puts pen to paper on a deal which will keep him at liverpool until 2020.	henderson has enjoyed a strong campaign and could be handed the armband.
terri hernandez says she grew close to ursula lloyd, the mother of odin lloyd over the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction.	lloyd (above) refused to comment on the story, saying she no longer wished to speak about her son's murder.	ursula lloyd refused to comment on hernandez's interview, saying she had said all she would say about her son's death when she spoke at the courthouse earlier this week.
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims.	they then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads.	other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway.
san bernardino county spokesman david wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old francis pusok in a closed meeting.	pusok's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and has led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe.	wert says the agreement would settle all potential claims from pusok's april 9 arrest.
hip hop mogul lucious lyon from the hit show' empire'? if you have the bank balance of a mogul you could splash out on the house used for location shoots in the fox show, which is filmed in the chicago area.	it took five years to build the enormous mansion, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park, west of sydney, shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men.	authorities found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on victoria street.	police and workcover nsw are investigating the incident and a report will be prepared for the coroner.
bayern munich cruised to a 6-1 victory against champion's league rivals porto last night.	pep guardiola runs through tactics with his players, while ignoring the draft that has emerged at the top of his left leg.	guardiola would n't be the only famous face guilty of stepping into a suit that is a little on the snug side.
michelle obama was so flattered by anya brodie's compliment that she was 51-years-old the little girl just could n't believe it.	a flattered obama asked brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone, reports cnn.
california-based youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.	footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top.
witnesses to the abduction say four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car.	marine animal rescue managed to save another young sea lion.	but a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach.	though small pups are cute they can be very dangerous.
israel is developing a system to accurately detect tunnelling activity, it has been revealed.	the decision comes after the israeli army considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat.	it is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile to install.
spartak moscow have been fined and their fans barred from two away games after the club lost its appeal against sanctions for a racist banner.	russian football union said spartak fans displayed' a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol' specifically a celtic cross, typically used in russia as a symbol for white supremacist groups.
girl is in hospital after she was attacked by a lion that was being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village.	a lion that appeared to be being walked like a dog around the siberian village of namtsy attacked a child.	in one picture an entertainer crouches down next to the lion, surrounded by snow.
dramatic collision is being dubbed the' craziest rear-end collision in the country'.	it's unclear whether or not this is a military tank serving the state army, but footage shows people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms.
brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season.	brendan rodgers said he is the right man to lead liverpool next season.	steven gerrard was back in training for liverpool as they prepare to take on west brom.
steven gerrard was dismissed just 38 seconds after coming on during liverpool's 2-1 defeat to united at anfield last month.	gerrard has been revered by many throughout his liverpool and england career for his passing ability.	michael carrick has been impressive form since returning from injury for manchester united.
ronald koeman is looking forward to this weekend's' special' match against tottenham.	southampton boss ronald koeman has praised the work of his predecessor mauricio pochettino at the club.	pochettino's exit was the catalyst to an unparalleled talent drain from st mary's.
harry kane has been in superb form this season, netting 30 goals for the club so far.	mauricio pochettino would prefer kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the czech republic.	spurs and england have been in talks for some time without reaching an agreement.	tottenham forward harry kane has informed england he wants to play for england.
kyle walker faces another four weeks on the sidelines after picking up an injury against burnley earlier this month.	scans showed the england international had not broken his foot but, following a further examination, tottenham confirmed walker faces another month out of action.	there were fears the england defender may have fractured his right foot.
andrea dossena, the defender liverpool once paid £7million for, will face no further action.	he was arrested at the knightsbridge store on april 7.	however, metropolitan police have confirmed that the italian and a 31-year-old woman also held at the scene, were released after being interviewed.	dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at harrods in knightsbridge on april 7.
ciro immobile was signed by jurgen klopp (centre) from torino.	the italy international has not had the best of times in the bundesliga.	liverpool have made contact with dortmund's sporting director michael zorc to sound out the figures.
jordon ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with liverpool by the end of the week.	the 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at anfield until 2020.	ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county.
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four.	rodgers' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy, but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager.	liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season.
jack grealish has become the latest young barclays premier league star to be accused of getting high on' hippy crack'.	the 19-year-old midfielder, who inspired tim sherwood's team to their fa cup semi-final triumph over liverpool on sunday, has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide.	grealish starred for villa in their fa cup semi-final triumph over liverpool on sunday.
teresa bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque named angel.	the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers.	its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
edinson cavani took a blow on monday morning.	paris saint-germain denied they are prepared to sell the striker.	radamel falcao expected to return to monaco.	robin van persie failing to hold down a starting place.
tottenham are chasing highly-rated german midfielder julian weigl.	the 19-year-old has been earning rave reviews in germany's second division playing for 1860 munich.	weigl was captain of the club until he was suspended after going out with team-mates for a late drinking session and was reportedly overheard criticising the club.
nike's vice president of north america communications has defended the company's decision not to promote the' stars and stripes'.	the latest design will be worn by the women's team at this summer's world cup.	features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow.
trucker caught on camera launching an extraordinary tirade at another motorist after a crash along the m6.	in footage shot from a dashboard camera on sunday, the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide.	the footage was posted on shropshire-based facebook user mark hazell's account and was viewed around 2million times in less than 48 hours before being removed.
paul doyle, 56, moved his family into an £820,000 home in altrincham, cheshire, despite having never worked and living life ‘ on tick’ and incapacity handouts.	doyle described as a ‘well-known and colourful character’ in his native salford - put down a £200,000 deposit and obtained a £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife worked as a company executive.	but his family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood in altrincham where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets and later received an asbo for terrorising other local children who complained of being robbed and beaten up.	he now faces a proceeds of crime hearing.
ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton's players to refocus their minds on european qualification after victor wanyama's future came under question.	this weekend is arguably saints' biggest match of their season, with former manager mauricio pochettino returning to st mary's for the first time since leaving for tottenham in the summer.	ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton's players to refocus their minds on european qualification.
sir alex ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.	he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations.	if you want to build a statue to a govan radical who led a rent strike and changed more than just her own wee corner of the world.
gary deegan caught dens defender gary irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge.	referee craig charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details.	rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after this challenge by gary irvine.
qpr manager chris ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road.	ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february but four points from games against aston villa and west brom, have revived hopes of survival.	west ham's sam allardyce and bournemouth's eddie howe have both been linked with ramsey's job in the summer.
virgil van dijk believed he had sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against inter milan.	the claims of referee steven mclean and his five assistants that they failed to see the handball by inverness player josh meekings which denied celtic a penalty, possibly even a crack at the treble, struck many at parkhead as dubious.
chris ramsey insists he will remain at the club for as long as they want him.	ramsey was handed the manager’s job until the end of the season.	ramsey insists he is more than happy to remain in w12.
john carver spoke to the media after taking a training session with his newcastle united squad on thursday.	the pair were involved in a disagreement last week and carver took the decision to remove the argentine from the matchday squad.	newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats in the premier league if they lose to the swans.
manny pacquiao says he has to fight floyd mayweather like it is the last of his life.	the filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight in las vegas.	he touches gloves with the undefeated american in the $300m bout on may 2.
justin rose is not resting on his laurels after his impressive masters 2015 display.	he pushed winner jordan speith all the way on the final day.	rose was in top form during the masters and pushed winner jordan speith all the way at augusta.
mercedes team-mate nico rosberg got the better of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in bahrain second practice.	rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place.	hamilton (left) takes a corner in sakhir, bahrain ahead of ferrari driver sebastian vettel.
mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg found themselves in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet at the end of the first practice session for the bahrain grand prix.	it meant mercedes focused on laps rather than outright pace, with rosberg chalking up 23 and hamilton 22 - but there was no alarm as mercedes focused on a particular plan, with the 90-minute session at the bahrain international circuit.	raikkonen is all smiles during the practice session at the bahrain international circuit.
roger varian insists he has not lost faith in belardo after the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner beat only one home in saturday’s greenham stakes.	but varian’s determination to keep the son of lope de vega away from the fast ground he encountered at newbury.	varian had plenty of practise of planning such a programme last year.
frankie dettori leaps from his mount after riding muhaarar to win the aon greenham stakes at newbury.	dettori rides mr singh to win the al basti equiworld maiden stakes at newbury racecourse.	spring has sprung this week and dettori has been bouncing higher than tigger.
ap mccoy finished fifth on favourite shutthefrontdoor in the grand national.	the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion was then fifth on favourite shutthefrontdoor king at ayr.	mccoy has three rides at ayr today - sea lord, upsilon bleu and lettheriverrundry.	mccoy will be presented with the trophy for his 20 championship before the third race, the ap mccoy celebration chase in which he is expected to ride paul nicholls-trained mr mole.
aaron cruden has refused to give up hope of appearing in this year’s world cup, but the harsh truth is that the all blacks’ title defence has suffered an early blow with the likely loss of their no 10.	the 26-year-old chiefs fly-half received grim confirmation on monday that he has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and will be out for six months.	cruden hobbles off the field after damaging his knee during the round 10 super rugby match.
rugby mark mccall lauded his young guns after their latest european heartache.	mccall watched his side, which contained five english-qualified forwards in the starting pack, battle in vain before losing 13-9 to the clermont on saturday.	saracens’ itoje (second left) was one of five england-qualified forwards in the saracens pack that faced clermont.
jonny may is hoping to get over being dropped by england with victory.	the cherry and whites now face edinburgh at the twickenham stoop.	it is the ideal stage to boost his world cup selection chances.
england had a good day on tuesday at the start of this second test.	if they go on to bat themselves into a strong position, they can look at yourself and say ‘ how can we improve?
ben stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second test as england strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing.	stokes athletically fields a shot from samuels off his own bowling at the grenada national stadium in saint george's.
steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england.	has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up to ecb's club open days on tuesday at brondesbury cricket club.	finn admits he's' had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months'.
mohammad hafeez is free to resume bowling in international cricket after remedial work and a re-test on his action.	off-spinner hafeez, 34, was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first test against new zealand in abu dhabi.	he was therefore unable to be selected to bowl in the world cup.
england removed both west indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session in grenada but the under-pressure visitors has a major stroke of fortune.	after james anderson castled kraigg brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over, chris jordan had sent down 130 overs in the fourth innings.	smith declined to try his luck upstairs and walked off.
sir bradley wiggins will be riding for his eponymous team at the inaugural tour de yorkshire next month.	wiggins, the 2012 tour de france winner, was not selected in team sky's 2014 squad for the race when it began in yorkshire.	sir bradley wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the may 1 to 3 race.
kyrie irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 113-100.	irving made five three-pointers and kevin love, another post-season rookie, had 19 points and 12 rebounds.	it was cleveland's first home playoff game since may 11, 2010, when the celtics won game 5 and james left the floor to some boos from cavaliers fans.	they will try to even rally from their hefty second-half deficit.
graeme dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning snooker’s world championship.	the 37-year-old, a qualifier this year, survived a series of twitches close.	he bungled a yellow but was reprieved when walden blazed the green off the table.	walden looked for snookers, his tournament was over once dott dropped in the blue.
tony pulis returned to selhurst park for the first time since he left crystal palace and masterminded a victory which pulled his west bromwich albion side to the edge of safety.	alan pardew tried new ideas on the pitch to outwit pulis but an early goal from james morrison and craig gardner meant he could not deliver a satisfying result against the man who left palace two days before this season kicked off.	despite the timing of his departure, he won the premier league lma manager of the year award.
leighton baines is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys' front-man alex turner, regularly attends gigs and also plays the guitar.	but in an interview with match of the day magazine, the england international has given his thoughts on his own ipod.	baines also reveals that mark ronson and bruno mars' uptown funk is regularly played in the toffees' dressing room.
steve bruce was at least able to crack a joke after defeat to southampton.	southampton doubled their lead against hull city at st mary's.	graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend.	pelle went on to seal the victory in the 81st minute.
southampton target tonny vilhena wants to quit feyenoord this summer.	ronald koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in january.	holland u21 international vilhena has one year left on contract but is ready to make the move to the premier league.
tom jones is stopping stoke city from qualifying for europe.	the stoke manager believes jones’s hit delilah, belted out regularly by the britannia stadium hordes, is causing his side to be marked down in uefa’s fair play league because of its violent theme and thus affecting their chances of qualifying for the europa league.	adam wheels away in celebration as he helps stoke city beat southampton.
former wigan striker franco di santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games.	the argentine is playing for werder bremen and has scored 13 goals in 22 appearances.	sunderland are considering a summer move for in-form werder bremen forward franco di santo.
west bromwich albion had just produced a typical tony pulis performance to beat his former club crystal palace 2-0.	the 57-year-old’s gritty, resilient playing style is well reflected in the touchline attire he insists on wearing at every game ; cap, track suit and shiny white trainers.	gardner added a stunning 30-yard strike in the second half, but alan pardew’s side dominated the remainder of the game only to be met by west brom’s stubborn doggedness.
walter smith has praised stuart mccall for making an impact at ibrox.	but he maintains ally mccoist was given little chance of succeeding.	mccall has put rangers in the driving seat for second place in the scottish championship and a place in the semi-finals of the play-offs.
andres iniesta is kept under close watch by the paris saint-germain defenders.	the spaniard played a pivotal part in setting up neymar for the opening goal.	iniesta was typically modest about his fourth assist in europe this season.
brendan rodgers had his conviction for neglecting a rental property quashed.	the anfield boss was fined at blackburn magistrates' court for leaving a £69,950 house in accrington, lancashire, with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden.	rodgers was originally told to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish, but the house was left to rot.
jack grealish must concentrate on his aston villa career.	sherwood is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland.	but sherwood wants grealish to focus on continuing to force his way into the villa first team.
per mertesacker, captain during the long absence of mikel arteta, limped off during the second half of the fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley.	there were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in german after he twisted the joint but subsequent scans have shown it is a minor sprain.	per mertesacker was substituted around the hour mark by gabriel paulista, who will deputise for him on sunday.
fa cup semi-finalists reading lost again as they were defeated reading 1-0.	they wasted several chances in the closing stages of the first half.	birmingham city held firm and grabbed the winner seven minutes from the end.
gary gardner will report to aston villa for pre-season training to be assessed by tim sherwood.	villa boss has inspired the club since being appointed and helped lead them to an fa cup final.	gardner joined villa's academy aged seven and last year was rewarded with a new contract that expires in june 2016 despite suffering serious knee injuries.
shay given will keep his place in aston villa's side for the fa cup final.	guzan was said to be hurting after missing out on the semi-final victory over liverpool.	but understood tim sherwood's decision to keep faith in the premier league.
tim sherwood wants to make swindon town midfielder massimo luongo one of his first summer signings at aston villa.	sherwood sent luongo, an australian international, to the county ground on loan during his spell as development director at white hart lane.	luongo was player of the tournament during australia's successful asian cup in january.
micky adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season.	he was fired on sunday by tranmere, rock bottom of the football league.	gus poyet is one of five premier league manager to be sacked during this season.
blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis was forced to wear an autographed shirt in last week's championship match with reading because the club had no spares.	andrea orlandi has revealed:' before starting the game i noticed joe lewis's shirt and it looked even more funny.	' it turns out that no, he had no others to give the 27-year-old.	blackpool's support are sick of a lack of investment in their club.
blackpool fans gathered outside bloomfield road to protest against the oyston family.	the bottom-of-the-table seasiders' relegation to league one was sealed by rotherham's victory over brighton.	the seasiders' loyal support are sick of a lack of investment in their club.
blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after an evening in which their relegation into sky bet league one was marked by pre-match supporters' protests against karl oyston.	blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after rotherham's win over brighton on easter monday.	lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back lee clark disappointed.
brazil icon ronaldo has claimed he would relish playing alongside cristiano ronaldo if he had the chance to play in the modern era.	the 38-year-old, one of the most decorated footballers ever, ended his illustrious playing career in 2011.	he has suggested he could play again for fort lauderdale strikers, a north american league side that he now co-owns.	ronaldo, the two-time ballon d'or winner added.
andres iniesta could miss saturday's la liga game at home to valencia.	he suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 champions league win at paris st germain.	iniesta had to be replaced by xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg at the parc des princes.
benik afobe kept their fading promotion hopes alive as his 31st goal of the season salvaged a 1-1 sky bet championship draw against play-off rivals ipswich at molineux.	afobe, who scored 19 goals on loan at mk dons before joining wolves from arsenal in january for £2million.	it was a vital strike from afobe as the black country side were heading for a third successive defeat which would have all but ended their play-off hopes.
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures.	jose mourinho and his back room staff ranked second-worst in the respect assessment.	jose mourinho's back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour on the touchline.
warning by british transport police chief constable paul crowther came ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem, which has come under scrutiny in recent months following a number of high-profile incidents.	btp has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far, including a number with a racial element.
tim sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young aston villa fan charlie pye on friday.	sherwood wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football, a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets - and sherwood had some fun on friday.	sherwood revealed his' win bonus' to the assembled media in reference to pye's letter.
daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday.	brendan rodgers stepped up preparations for sunday’s fa cup semi-final with aston villa on monday.	sturridge was left out of the squad against newcastle on monday after being taken off at blackburn.
raheem sterling scored liverpool's opener in the first half at anfield.	brendan rodgers for sterling, toure, manquillo, brannagan, markovic, riviere, riviere, jones, markovic and john carver have previously tried nitrous oxide as an attempt at mitigation.	the 20-year-old liverpool forward has been rather stupid.
kevin pietersen suffered an early-season setback after being hit on the hand whilst fielding close-in during oxford's second innings.	the surrey batsman stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field.	pietersen was fielding at leg slip off the bowling of gareth batty.	oxford batsman steve leach swept the ball, it fired up off a top edge.
gareth bale has been linked with english clubs including manchester united and chelsea but believes bale should stay with los blancos.	the welshman missed the champions league quarter-final return against atletico after picking up an injury.	bale won the champions league in his first season, has been urged to stay at real by mark hughes.
giorgio chiellini has made his case for football's most obvious foul.	the 30-year-old centre-half committed a deliberate handball at the stade louis ii.	chiellini resorted to desperation tactics, comically clawing the ball out of the way and earning himself a yellow card.	juve are on course to complete a historic treble this season.
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right type of football for the premier league big boys.	jamie carragher does not feel simeone plays football which would attract arsenal, manchester united or city.	carragher insists the style of play atletico madrid showed would not impress the three premier league giants.
richard eckersley is training with la liga side elche.	burnley full-back is currently training with la liga side elche.	the 26-year-old is a now free agent after leaving red bull arena.	eckersley will be hoping he can impress manager fran escriba.
emad sahabi suffered a broken ankle while playing for his club al shoalah.	the midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball.	al orubah went on to win the game 2-0 but the result was overshadowed by sahabi's horror injury.
psv beat heerenveen 4-1 to win the dutch championship on saturday.	psv's victory put them on 79 points and beyond the reach of ajax amsterdam.	luuk de jong scored two headed goals in the opening period.
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2-0 on saturday.	sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute and hoffenheim's andreas beck added an own goal in stoppage time.	philipp lahm, arjen robben, franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger scored the opening goal.
inter owner erick thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the' eyes of the world' would be fixed on the 214th derby della madonnina.	philippe mexes thought he had scored an own goal, as did his keeper diego lopez, but it was ruled out and the game remained goalless.
jurgen klopp will quit the club at the end of the season.	they showed no sign that it had affected them on saturday.	the win moved last season's bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table.
eden hazard scored give his side a 1-0 lead against manchester united.	sky sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up.	chelsea captain john terry comes in with a strong challenge on radamel falcao.
arsenal striker danny welbeck has an effort blocked by reading goalkeeper adam federici.	alexis sanchez's volley was deflected past wojciech szczesny, who could only palm the ball back over the line.	sanchez had made some fine saves earlier in the match.
eden hazard's sublime strike in the 38th minute proved crucial.	jose mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the standings.	sportsmail's oliver todd rates the players' performances at stamford bridge.
german legend franz beckenbauer has accused bayern munich stars of playing as if they had taken' sleeping pills' in their midweek defeat by porto.	bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing 3-1 to the portuguese in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday.	der kaiser may be a brand ambassador for the club but he could n't hide his feelings after the game.
daryl janmaat has likened newcastle's premier league encounter against swansea on saturday to playing in the world cup semi-final last summer.	newcastle host garry monk's side at st james' park on a wretched run of form that has seen them contemplate the threat of relegation.
chelsea supporters are being invited to take part in protest photo aimed at improving the rights and welfare of construction workers building the stadiums for the 2022 world cup in qatar.	protest will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm this saturday ahead of the blues' evening kick-off against manchester united.	protest will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday ahead of manchester united game.
prince ali bin al hussein has made a formal rotation of the world cup.	he said he could envisage a world cup being played in different countries.	prince ali has also warned against any decision on expanding the world cup.
blackpool striker nile ranger accused the club of' taking the mick' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food.	the former newcastle forward has not featured for the seasiders since the end of november.	ranger has been awol since early in december and says the club took the mick with his contract.
frank knight, 67, posted an apology on his facebook account last week to blackpool and the oyston family, who run the fylde coast club, over allegations he made on his social network account last year.	knight said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the sky bet championship club, which prompted fellow seasiders supporter joe atherton to set up an account on the website gofundme.com where fans could pledge donations.	supporters have been protesting against the oystons before matches and then not attending the games.
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours.	he found that during the day the trees, which grow in tropical and mediterranean climates, flower with their' female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees.	professor warren has written about the avocado in his book called the nature of crops.
london-based lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with george clooney in venice, italy, last september.	but her effortless look is not without the help of a few designer items.
isis has released a chilling new propaganda video warning there is' no safety for any american on the globe'.	the video, titled' we will burn america', includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and several recent isis-inspired atrocities.	previous' mujahideen' - a term used to describe someone waging jihad - managed to carry out the 9/11 twin tower attacks with little resources.
eden hazard and harry kane appear set to contest the pfa player of the year award after the six-man shortlist was unveiled.	hazard is hot favourite thanks to his consistently brilliant form for chelsea.	but kane is the homespun hero after a fabulous breakthrough season at tottenham.
harry kane and eden harzard lead the nominations as the professional footballers' association announce their six-man shortlist for young player of the year.	the winners, voted for by their fellow professionals, will be announced at the awards ceremony in central london on april 26.	click here to find out which six players have been nominated for the pfa player of the year.
jurgen klopp, the bundesliga then saw its champions humbled, embarrassed even, at a feverish estadio do dragao on wednesday night.	porto remain one of portugal’s eminent teams – they have been champions in three of the last four seasons.	the 31-year-old forward had no problem slotting the ball past neuer to give his side an early 1-0 advantage.
west indies will today surpass the 418 for seven they made to defeat australia at the old st john’s rec 12 years ago.	alastair cook was able to set west indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions that would even surpass their own world record successful test chase.	so well did ballance and england bat that will bring him level with sir ian botham’s test record.
thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls around a table with a stick gripped the nation by the throat.	it was as iconic a moment of the eighties as duran duran, yuppies, football hooliganism and mrs thatcher handbagging the unions.	davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day.
mauricio pochettino insists aston villa manager tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return to white hart lane - 11 months after he was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy.	sherwood revealed he is still in touch with tottenham chairman levy and went as far as to thank the club for ending his five-month spell in charge last summer.
tottenham vs aston villa host aston villa at white hart lane.	kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham.	tim sherwood is again set to be without a key trio for his first return to tottenham.
sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every flight fixture as it breaks.	keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend.
tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade tim sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role, the aston villa manager has revealed.	sherwood claims tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club.	levy sacked sherwood last may to bring in mauricio pochettino.
authorities say 75-year-old john goodwin, of atkinson, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault.	prosecutors said that atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old.	john goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of rockingham county superior courthouse on friday while jurors were deliberating claims that goodwin had sexually assaulted an underage student.
florida community has voiced objection to plans of a forensic research' body farm' in which human bodies will be left in florida elements for extended periods of time.	the body farm, which would be located in lithia, is a joint project between the university of south florida institute of anthropology and the hillsborough county sheriff's office.	if the research is approved by the hillsborough county commission, the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases.
melissa plancarte, whose stage name is melissa: cartel princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the mexico's michoacan state courthouse for her pop video' since you left'.	the clip shows glamorous pop star - one of mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase.	melissa's father, enrique plancarte, headed one of mexico's biggest drugs cartels which was infamous for hanging its victims by the neck from motorway bridges.
jiang min says she has now run out of cash and can’t even afford food, let alone medical treatment, for baby mengyu and their older daughter.	family's plight has attracted attention of local media in binzhou city.
britt mchenry has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter.	her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia.	she resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status.	despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old.
the 21-year-old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming' i do n't like mens no more - i like women, women, women!' after the footage surfaced of him being' delivered' by god.	but he says he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar on wednesday after the cashier recognized him.	caldwell claims the employee recognized him from his video at the church of god in christ's 107th holy convocation.
pablo, 27, and latvian ilze, 31, are off to a flying start.	they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road.	spanish pablo, 27, and ilze, 31, stop for a picture in bosnia.
adorable green sea turtle made quite the unexpected appearance in tourist diovani de jesus's group photo.	an adorable green sea turtle pulled off the ultimate photo-bomb, crashing this group photo in the philippines.	it is one of the world's best known community-managed marine protected areas.
david rush, 33, from lisburn, northern ireland, felt that he' should n't go out' because of his size but lost the weight after plucking up the courage to start cycling.	at his heaviest, he weighed 34st and was forced to order specialist xxxxxl clothes on the internet - the result of topping up his takeaway-heavy diet with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat a day.
stan cole, an iraq and afghanistan veteran, filmed this landspout from just 100 yards away in loraine, texas.	he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening.	landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film.
the video, which has been viewed 600,000 times, features new parents sharing their tips.	the clip has already been viewed almost 600,000 times and blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment.	viewers are encouraged to not to switch off until having a baby to help you sift through the mounds of parenting advice you're going to get.
wayne rooney has overtaken jenson button to be in second place in the 2015 times sport rich list.	formula one world champion hamilton remains on pole position in the list but his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year.	hamilton and munn happily chatted and checked out each other's phones in between takes.
brendan rodgers revealed his intention to sign a top forward who can “ play every week”.	england international will be absent once again on saturday at the hawthorns.	rodgers admits he is “unsure” as to whether sturridge will play for liverpool again this season.
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when the time comes.	giggs has been van gaal's assistant since the dutchman took over at old trafford last summer.	the 41-year-old won a remarkable 25 trophies, including 13 barclays premier league titles and two champions leagues.
ben stokes pulled his shirt across his mouth before smiling at marlon samuels, as if to declare a truce in their feud.	there was little else for england to laugh about as the second test stuttered towards another stalemate.	marlon samuels had the chance to renew his feud with ben stokes but the pair buried the hatchet on a day the west indies dominated.
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming.	the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club sunderland despite the child sex charges.	johnson, who could face up to 14 years in prison, will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20.
manchester united have offered to make de gea the world’s best-paid goalkeeper on £200,000-a-week to keep him at old trafford.	fears are growing at united that de gea will return to spain and join real madrid on a free transfer when his contract runs out next summer.
ilkay gundogan is the leading contender to fill michael carrick's midfield role.	united are eyeing a £20.5million deal for the central midfielder.	united will seek to sign carrick's successor this summer.
wladimir klitschko has recalled his dramatic rise to the top on the eve of his world title defence against undefeated bryant jennings.	the ukrainian superstar will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years.	he has been reminiscing about how it started for him when he won olympic gold in atlanta in 1996, instantly catapulting him into a hero in his home country over night.
ap mccoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey at sandown on saturday.	the 20-time champion jockey has been booked for mr mole in the grade one ap mccoy celebration chase at 3.15.	mccoy's last ever mount will be box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle.
red mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in crossgates, leeds.	it hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed int he became stuck in the wall.	no-one was serious injured in the accident.
study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day.	but they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners when it comes to sharing the burden.	study found women who did not work did an average of 6.8 hours before their husband's retired.
ex-juvenile offender shaun andrew mckerry, dubbed boomerang boy or homing pigeon boy in his youth, burst into shildon post office and stores, county durham, at 8pm on march 15.	masked 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant andrea brighty, but he did not see owner sab dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor, sending shelves and produce tumbling.	blood can be seen coming from the would-be robber's nose as mr dhillon gestures to his wife to drop the weapon.
jesse o'brien was taken by his mother heidi, 37, to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness.	' i've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant,' says jesse, from kesgrave, suffolk.
rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the world cup trophy named the webb ellis cup in honour of the schoolboy called william who made the daring decision to disregard the rules in 1823.	today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of' muscular christianity' led by its most famous headmaster.
patrick vieira's side were busy preparing for monday night's fa youth cup final second leg against chelsea.	dan potts scored the opener to set west ham a two-goal lead before olivier ntcham pulled back a goal for city, but it was not enough.	patrick vieira witnessed his manchester city under 21s side lose to west ham.
jose mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending.	arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend, just as brendan rodgers had ventured after chelsea’s victory at liverpool.	if he defends well he draws 0-0 against monaco and wins in monte carlo.
arsene wenger insists he isn’t haunted by his decision to back out of signing eden hazard in 2012 – even if he does accept the chelsea attacker is getting better every year.	talks got to such an advanced stage that hazard’s agent discussed the move with wenger in the arsenal manager’s house.	but the frenchman ultimately ruled he could not compete financially with chelsea, who landed this season’s standout player for £32million.
isco rarely starts for real madrid when all of carlo ancelotti's main options are fit.	spanish midfielder isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at real madrid.	pellegrini allowed him to star in the champions league campaign.
emmanuel adebayor could be allowed to leave the north london club.	the togolese's move to spurs has proved a massive financial burden for the north london club, who pay the forward £100,000-per-week.
francis coquelin is confident he can show his potential as arsenal's long-term midfield enforcer when he goes head to head with' unbelievable' nemanja matic in sunday's barclays premier league showdown with chelsea at the emirates.	the gunners tackle the leaders aiming to eat into their 10-point advantage at the top of the table following last weekend's 1-0 victory over third-placed manchester united.	coquelin is looking forward to his duel with chelsea midfielder nemanja matic on sunday at the emirates.
jose mourinho relishes the pre-match press conference.	jose mourinho was visibly surprised by a question he was asked at his chelsea press conference on friday.	mourinho replied,' before composing himself and giving an equally ambiguous answer'.
mark selby fell victim of the crucible curse and a rookie scot with pots of class as anthony mcgill pulled off a monumental betfred world championship shock.	qualifier mcgill exuded calm assurance as he saw off the defending champion 13-9 to book a quarter-final place, never appearing overawed by the match or the gradual position of control he developed over the course of friday.
pep guardiola will be reunited with barcelona after his bayern munich were paired with the catalan giants in the champions league semi-finals.	the manager is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012.	juventus ambassador pavel nedved shakes hand with real madrid's ambassador emilio butragueno.
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi-finals.	pep guardiola has admitted he has to start trying to work out a way to stop lionel messi.	bayern munich coach must think of a way to stop the superb lionel messi next month.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.	evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political, social and cultural undertones.
manny pacquiao is advertised from a shop window in las vegas.	the pair's face-off on may 1, 24 hours before their mega-fight in las vegas.	mayweather and pacquiao's eagerly-anticipated weigh-in have sold out within minutes.
rafa benitez's napoli will play dnipro in the europa league final.	fiorentina have a favourable europa league semi-final draw.	rafa benitez's napoli take on dnipro dnipropetrovsk of ukraine for a place in the warsaw final.
joe root impressed with the bat on day four of the second test in grenada.	the yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after being denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the west indies.	joe root speaks to england team-mate james anderson after anderson's lack of concentration at the crease.
sam burgess starred for bath as mike ford's men moved within one point of aviva premiership leaders northampton with a five-try hammering of london irish at the rec.	burgess, playing only his second game at blindside flanker, claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with leroy houston, jonathan joseph, matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni.	exiles were in imperious form in the second period and coasted to victory - blair cowan scored a late consolation for the visitors.	ford fired the home side into an early lead after 30 minutes of play.
joe root admitted pitches like the flat pitch made it easier to make centuries and harder to win games, as west indies batted themselves into a position of relative comfort on day four of the second test.	but for the second match in a row england's hopes of pushing for victory were railroaded by a dead pitch that was arguably better for run-making than on day one.	joe root hits another ball to the boundary on his way to an impressive big hundred in grenada.
joe root became the second-youngest england batsman to reach 2,000 test runs, after alastair cook.	marlon samuels gave ben stokes a salute send off after dismissing the england all-rounder.	thursday's play finished with marlon samuels’ comedy salute to england’s ben stokes.
jurgen klopp has announced he will leave his post at borussia dortmund.	the charismatic manager has refused to address his future and whether he is bound for the premier league.	manchester city are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign.
divock origi has revealed that the progress of raheem sterling means he is joining the right club.	the belgium striker was signed by liverpool in a £10million deal after impressing at the 2014 world cup in brazil.	but origi has been following liverpool's progress from across the english channel.	origi has scored seven times in ligue 1 this season.
alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played in the premier league.	song has picked a mixture of talent in his squad.	alex song has picked his # one2eleven of stars he played alongside.
paula radcliffe says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career.	sunday's london marathon will be radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career.	radcliffe joked that she has never been far from tears in her career, as she was at the 2004 athens olympics.
sportsmail's guide takes you through the permutations in the championship, league one, league two and the conference.	watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win.	steve mcclaren will be desperate to manage in the premier league again.
usain bolt says tyson gay's punishment is' the stupidest thing i've ever heard'.	but bolt said he felt' let down' by the american sprinter, but is now set to compete against bolt after returning to the sport.	bolt said he used to respect gay as a competitor, but now says he will feel no joy competing against the disgraced sprinter.
pep guardiola's bayern munich can win the champions league pedigree.	pep guardiola who won this competition twice at barcelona and a squad that has retained its best players since beating borussia dortmund in the final at wembley two years ago.	guardiola can also expect to call on key players like arjen robben, franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger.
cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates.	the 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london.	fabregas joined arsenal as a teenager (left) before returning to the premier league.
matt giteau could be a glorious asset at the showpiece tournament.	he has just been given licence to pick one of the finest backs of the era for the world cup.	but he has evidently noted and logged claims from these parts that his forwards will be cannon fodder for their english and welsh rivals.
steven davis believes southampton have an advantage over spurs.	the former argentina defender last season led saints to their best ever premier league points tally during a memorable campaign at st mary's.	davis' assertions come as mauricio pochettino heads to southampton.
rotherham manager steve evans has seen his side deducted three points.	the millers fielded derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win against brighton.	the football league maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly.	they have until may 1 to appeal the decision and should they choose to.
john carver has hit back at former newcastle captain michael owen after he said they would lose every remaining match this season.	the pundit has claimed his old club would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five.	the magpies will set a new club record of seven straight premier league defeats should they be beaten at home by swansea.
wayne rooney cut a forlorn figure after being spotted filling up his £100,000 overfinch range rover, just a couple of days after his side's loss to chelsea.	jose mourinho's side showed how to' park the bus' with a terrific defensive display as manchester united struggled to break them down and create any clear-cut chances.	wayne rooney does n't look best pleased with the photographer as he scowled at his picture being taken.
jose mourinho revealed he prepared his chelsea players to deal with the threat of manchester united's marouane fellaini all week – only to be told by a hotel doorman that the belgian was not playing.	but he feared his tactical master plan was set to be for nothing when the chelsea boss was told that the manchester united man was not playing by the doorman at the club's hotel.	mansour (left) and marouane (right) look on from the stands during everton's game leyton orient in 2012.
middlesbrough's patrick bamford has been named the championship player of the year at the football league awards.	the 21-year-old beat competition from ipswich town's daryl murphy and watford's troy deeney to claim the overall sky bet championship player of the year award.	bamford's goals while on loan have chelsea have steered boro towards promotion.
ryan giggs, paul scholes, gary neville, nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner just hours after their former side's 1-0 defeat by chelsea.	cole said he was in' great company' with' great team-mates' on saturday.	red devils assistant manager giggs appeared to be in buoyant mood.
memphis depay looks almost certain to leave psv eindhoven.	the 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season.	brands has reiterated that depay is likely to leave but must' make the choice'.
tim howard joined everton in the community's medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre last week.	the toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third in the wfa national league in the championship division.	the u.s international joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game.
floyd mayweather showed no sign of nerves as he splashed out on a $210,000 mercedes-maybach s600 to add to his fleet of sports cars.	mayweather goes head-to-head with boxing rival pacquiao on may 2 in a blockbuster that has been billed as the most anticipated fight in years.	mayweather, who is expected to get £120million for the fight, took time away from the boxing ring.
aston villa's players were able to read messages of support from fans before their fa cup semi-final clash against liverpool.	jack grealish took to twitter shortly after arriving at wembley stadium to thank supporters for sending in messages ahead of their clash with the reds.	grealish's personal message by mike shenaniganz cope read:' you have to put up with the rain to see the rainbow!! utv (up the villa)' jack grealish took to twitter to upload the message of support from an aston villa supporter.
paris saint-germain face nice on saturday.	david luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh injury.	thiago silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury.	psg coach laurent blanc said on friday:' i'm here to thank you all for your prayers'.
eugenie bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania.	bouchard declined to shake hands with opponent alexandra dulgheru.	the canadian star has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
javier hernandez scores the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter-final.	atletico madrid players protest the second yellow card shown to turan which left the visitors up against it at the bernabeu.	hernandez runs away to celebrate his goal as he became the hero for real madrid.
massimiliano allegri has returned this great club to the elite level.	juventus players ran to their supporters with carlos tevez.	juventus's andrea pirlo and carlos tevez scored in the first leg.
salvation could yet come in the form of a three-point deduction for rotherham when a football league disciplinary commission rules on whether they fielded an ineligible player against brighton on easter monday.	the result leaves neil harris’s side four points adrift of fourth-bottom rotherham with two tough games remaining against promotion-chasing derby and wolves.	rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference.
floyd mayweather turned professional in 1996, his ring nickname was' pretty boy'.	but as he grew more than $400 million in his career.	sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 being snapped up on thursday evening.	tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $128,705 (£85,508) on stubhub.	after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and pacquiao’s promoter bob arum, a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight.
memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday as the club look to tie up a move for the psv eindhoven winger.	depay, 21, jetted to england with representatives including his agent kees ploegsma for a summit with a united delegation led by manager louis van gaal.	united are leading the hunt for the pacy holland international but face opposition from paris saint- germain while liverpool have also expressed an interest.
bastian schweinsteiger believes bastian schweinsteiger should leave bayern munich at the end of the season.	the world cup winner was an unused substitute in bayern's 6-1 champions league win over porto on tuesday.	alonso viewed as guardiola's preferred midfield choice.
pep guardiola will return to the nou camp in the champions league semi-finals.	pep guardiola, who spent four trophy-filled years at barcelona, took over at bayern in 2013.	defending champion real madrid will face juventus, with the italian champions.
javier hernandez celebrates after scoring the winner for real madrid.	the striker will leave real at the end of this season and return to manchester united.	hernandez, 30, is contracted to madrid until 2018.
ashley young has revealed the secret of his team-mates' changing room playlist.	he admitted to being under strict orders from manager louis van gaal to play only house and funky house music.	young is known for being the resident dj at the red devils.
patrick bamford, joe garner and danny mayor were crowned their division's player of the year on sunday, the football league has revealed the players who were nipping at their heels for the honour.	on-loan chelsea striker bamford's efforts at middlesbrough were rewarded with the championship award, as voted by sky bet football league club managers, with his team-mates grant leadbitter and lee tomlin also in the second tier's top 10.	ipswich town's daryl murphy was second in the voting ahead troy deeney, whose been in top form for championship leaders watford, was third in voting.
lionel messi, neymar jnr and luis suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season.	thierry henry, samuel eto’o and messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals.	messi has 46, neymar and neymar out-do their la liga rivals.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.	evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political, social and cultural undertones.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.	the fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century.	the fight which established muhammad ali as the most recognisable human being on earth.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.	the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political, social and cultural undertones, the scale of expectation and outside influences.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.	here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.	evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political, social and cultural undertones.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history.	sportsmail takes a look at the two men's achievements, in and out of the ring, ahead of their $300m mega-fight on may 2.
queens park rangers boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league.	qpr boss chris ramsey appears relaxed and untroubled, insisting he had more sleepless nights coaching tottenham last season and joking about the difference between lidl and waitrose.	his job is to chase pressure and negativity away at times like this.
jose mourinho's side stepped up their preparations for the emirates.	the league leaders were put through their paces at their cobham training headquarters.	didier drogba has scored 19 premier league goals this season.
inverness defender josh meekings to play in the william hill scottish cup final did not even consider his handball, the scottish football association has revealed.	meekings saw his cup-final ban thrown out by a judicial panel tribunal on thursday after caley thistle challenged his one-game suspension for denying celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball.	meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as inverness went on to beat celtic 3-2.
arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the fa cup final against aston villa on may 30.	tim sherwood's villa side won the coin toss ahead of their fa cup final against liverpool on may 8, 1971.	but that wo n't phase arsene wenger's side at all, with a creditable record of three cup final wins in five appearances.
steve bruce has revealed that hull players will have their salaries slashed by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated.	the tigers are fourth-bottom of the premier league with one of the toughest run-ins facing them.	hull have the third-lowest total wage bill in the premier league, £43.3million in 2013/14 according to figures filed in companies house, with only leicester and burnley paying less overall.
raheem sterling says he has not been affected by the criticism of his ongoing contract stand-off with liverpool.	the england international has been abused, even by his own fans, over his decision to put deal talks on hold.	sterling was even heckled at the club's recent kit launch, but the 20-year-old insists he is immune to the negative comments.
florian thauvin was the subject of enquiries from tottenham earlier in the year.	the 22-year-old winger has also been watched by chelsea and valencia.	marseille will listen to offers for highly-rated midfielder florian thauvin in the summer.
louis van gaal has spoken to marouane fellaini about keeping his cool when the manchester united midfielder returns to goodison park on sunday.	fellaini followed manager david moyes to old trafford in the summer of 2013.	belgium international became a symbol for the failure of the moyes era.
bristol rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920.	if he had spent the entire press conference scratching his head in silence no-one would have blamed him.	if nothing else, it taught clarke that anything can happen on the final day.
hartlepool united fans have a history of fancy dress, travelling as the smurfs to charlton in 2012.	jamaican reggae artist marley was a multi-million-selling artist, famed for his music and as a rastafarian for his dreadlocked look, who died of cancer aged 36 in 1981.	hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as bob marley for the final game at carlisle.
chelsea are set to follow tottenham’s lead and take part in a post-season friendly down under in june.	jose mourinho has been discussing post-season plans with the chelsea board.	the blues are holding ongoing talks with sydney bosses and should they agree terms, are expected to fly out on the wednesday after the premier league season ends.
napoli are the fourth club he has taken to the latter stages of a european competition.	he took the serie a side into the europa league semi-final with an emphatic 6-3 aggregate victory over wolfsburg and the impending encounters against dnipro will be benitez's seventh major european semi-final in 12 seasons.	benitez got liverpool back to the final of the competition in 2007.
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal.	the 16-year-old joined united in the january transfer window.	umecano has played for france at u16 and u17 level.	manuel pellegrini's manchester city side face aston villa at the etihad stadium.
west ham are planning to move for real madrid’s european goal hero javier hernandez as part of an extensive summer recruitment programme.	javier hernandez, 26, is on loan at real from manchester united and scored a late winner in the champions league quarter-final.	hernandez is not in louis van gaal’s plans and will be up for sale at around £7million.
chicago white sox's jeff samardzija, center, in the brawl with royals players during thursday's game.	umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at chicago's us cellular field in illinois.	thursday's match began to get scrappy after the white sox's jose abreu was hit in the arm by ventura's pitch in the fourth innings.
kevin sinfield's 500th appearance for leeds as they completed a notable double over the super league leaders in emphatic fashion at headingley.	sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the rhinos against sheffield eagles at headingley in 1997.	he was powerless to prevent a repeat on his landmark occasion, with the wolves running out 29-10 winners.	leeds had an early chance when prop adam cuthbertson was held up over the line but then it was virtually all warrington.
tyson fury hopes to lure bryant jennings to england in the autumn.	fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion.	klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000.
australia fly-half quade cooper is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt for their world cup campaign.	toulon are chasing an unprecedented hat-trick of european titles, and they will play clermont auvergne in the final at twickenham.	bernard foley is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt for their world cup campaign this autumn.
hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead with boo weekley when second-round play was suspended friday because of the threat of severe weather.	swafford had an 11-under 133 total at tpc louisiana.	jason day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round through 14 holes.
joe burgess was in fine form for wigan with his first super league hat-trick.	but they were made to work hard by struggling wakefield in an error-strewn game at the rapid solicitors stadium.	burgess, who is joining sydney roosters at the end of the year, scored his first super league hat-trick.
english football will observe a minute’s silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze.	the inferno ripped through valley parade on may 11, 1985 during the first half of a game against lincoln city.	a minute's silence will be held this weekend for the 56 supporters who lost their lives during the bradford city fire disaster.
florent malouda picked chelsea goalkeeper petr cech to start in between the sticks for his fantasy xi.	malouda, who won the barclays premier league in 2010 and 2012 champions league with chelsea, chose players from chelsea, guingamp and the france national team.
andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty to condemn juventus to defeat in the 2003 champions league final.	they surely would not have envisaged it would take them this long to get back to europe's top table.	juve are back among the continent's elite.
ivorian's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment.	toure, for example, left home as a teenager to play in the belgian second division.	toure's time at city is defined as a success, bringing two premier league titles to the etihad.
miranda devine has apologised after calling david pocock a' tosser' for celebrating a try using sign language.	devine had assumed a gesture pocock had made after scoring a try on friday night was' jazz hands'.	miranda devine tweeted:' did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?! what a tosser!!! what a tosser!'
sally gordon-smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in keilor east around 3pm.	she was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair.	she was last seen wearing a blue jeans, black jumper and black shoes.
the' love call' notes are posted at traffic lights on sydney's george street near australia square.	the' love call' notices, posted on george street at australia square in sydney's cbd, are appealing to the man with' the most beautiful smile' who was in the area about'7:10' on tuesday evening.	most people gave up on their umbrellas in winds of more than 100 km/ hr.
government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity.	these range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and damage to the brain and spinal cord.
researchers have discovered that male athletes are more driven by the desire to beat the competition than female athletes.	sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport - such as their academic studies - than their male counterparts.
apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone.	the material would make the next iphone 60 per cent harder than the iphone 6.	apple polishes the aluminium used in its sports watch then anodises it to using tint zirconia beads to create a hard and scratch-proof outer layer.
mouse called ventus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory.	the mouse provides ‘ enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming.
world freediving champion jumped into the world’s second deepest underwater sink hole in the bahamas.	the hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he does n't go to the bottom.	free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
apple is on sale via ebay for more than the brand’s latest offering.	an analogue promotional watch from apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands, is listed on the internet auction site with a ‘ buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage.	it is still in its original box and the seller claims to have two to offload, with 10 days to go.
spacex came incredibly close to landing its falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the atlantic.	the rocket appeared to be suffering from' stiction in the biprop throttle valve, resulting in control system phase lag.	this means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine was n't moving fast enough.
arsene wenger rejoiced when didier drogba left chelsea for shanghai shenhua in 2012.	the ivorian striker departing england with a formidable scoring record of 13 goals in 14 games against arsenal.	wenger said of the man who averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team.
the short film has been developed on an oculus rift by italy's university of udine's hci lab.	it is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water.	the video is based on an actual event when, on january 15, 2009, u.s. airways flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water.
us aviation authorities have launched an investigation to find out whether a plane dumped toilet paper and plastic objects all over a neighbourhood in a pennsylvania town.	residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead, and have complained to the federal aviation administration (faa).	paula viccica believes the debris that landed on her property was expelled from a plane flying overhead around the time she made the discovery.
sweden’s passport has been named the most powerful in the world.	there is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder.	sweden's passport was among the most frequently sold travel documents on the black market.
ceo and co-founder mark zuckerberg opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role.	according to facebook's mark zuckerberg, the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments.	zuckerberg's views of the future of virtual travel are perhaps unsurprising, considering that users will be able to put on a vr headset.
gabriel ng spent countless hours filming thailand’s coastline, religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone.	the result is a six-minute video containing breathtaking sights that make it clear why thailand is a favourite destination for tourists.
zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain with a friend and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet.	he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner.	suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
match.com is seeking an outgoing, media-savvy person with a passion for travelling and meeting new people to hop around the globe and go on dates with locals.	the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer.
england's riess nelson puts pressure on scotland's jack adamson during the 2014 victory shield for under 16s has further worsened relations between the fa and the other home nations.	officials in scotland, wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the fa ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman greg dyke.	this is seen as another example of fa ‘arrogance’ following the english telling fifa that they want to send great britain football teams to the rio olympics.
adam johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.	the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club sunderland despite the charges.	johnson has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20.
sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real madrid’s dramatic champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday.	ramos is one of those players for whom the old liverpool song about jamie carragher ‘ we all dream of a team of carraghers’ would be appropriate.	ramos gees up the crowd during another all-action display at the santiago bernabeu for real madrid.	he started his real madrid career as a right back and won the european championship there for his country.
iker casillas insists he will stay at real madrid even if david de gea is to displace him as first choice keeper at the bernabeu.	iker casillas claims he will stay and fight for the no 1 jersey rather than leave real madrid in the summer.	manchester united no 1 de gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland.
eden hazard filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand's'5' magazine, rio ferdinand's'5' magazine.	the 24-year-old will be a key man for jose mourinho's side as they travel to the emirates stadium on sunday looking for a win that would put them within three points of the title.	hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand.
research firm yougov for higher education school, gsm london, 600 employees and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves.	it has been revealed that the biggest cv blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake.	other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information (wrong contact names and companies)'.
real housewives of orange county star katie said she was' blindsided' by his decision to file for divorce and insists she has never been unfaithful.	hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse, it has emerged.	katie has insisted she will always stand by him,' she added.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao go head-to-head in las vegas on saturday, may 2.	the two boxers has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight.	ramen noodle soup is one of his favourite snacks and he does n't like five star restaurants.
husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car.	the husky has been named hero by his carers and is now being treated by rspca vets.
fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had' picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her perth home on thursday night.	she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.	fiona said she and a friend were initially concerned after hearing someone cutting into the fly screen at her front door.
audrey nethery, from kentucky, has a rare illness called diamond blackfan anemia.	her condition does n't stop her from dancing adorably in videos from her zumba class.	her parents told the mirror, she has faced a host of health issues in her short life.
lewis hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart after the bahrain grand prix.	hamilton said grouchily, that he was disappointed ex-drivers were not being more supportive.	he drove in an era when a driver racing for five years had a two in three chance of dying.
toto wolff believes nico rosberg was back to his best in sunday's bahrain grand prix.	rosberg has again found himself playing second fiddle to hamilton so far this season.	although rosberg could only finish third behind hamilton and ferrari star kimi raikkonen at the bahrain international circuit.
mick schumacher made his official formula 4 pre-season test debut in formula 4 on wednesday as he made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015.	the 16-year-old, son of seven-time f1 world champion michael, drew huge media interest to the oschersleben circuit in germany as he drove his van amersfoort car.	the young protege began karting seven years ago, and this year reached the german formula 4 used as a stepping stone by junior drivers.
the man, from palm beach in brisbane's south, reportedly set an australian flag on fire at the shrine of remembrance in anzac square on friday afternoon.	police told daily mail australia they arrested the 66-year-old for a' breach of the peace' at around 1pm.	an australian flag was reportedly set alight at the shine of remembrance in brisbane's anzac square.
texas was reportedly hit with two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in just 15 minutes.	hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in angleton.
adorable fox cub trapped in a garden fence was captured on camera.	he notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes so in desperate need of being set free.	mr cowell distracts the fox with a stick – taking its attention away from his hand.
frankie franz watched the spanish right-back pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at barcelona’s ciutat esportiva training ground earlier in the month.	the viral clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the catalonia club.	he moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
shannon hayes, 12, believes her pet hen, right, has laid the smallest chicken egg in the world.	she thinks its length of 1.8cm – smaller than a 5p coin – shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder.
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball's pyramid near lord howe island.	ball's pyramid near lord howe island is located in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand.	corliss, 39, has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight.
three surfers attempted to scale a huge wave at manly's deadman's point in manly, sydney.	the photo, which was posted on the sprout daily facebook page, was captioned:' i did n't see a wave ridden but it was thrilling enough to see men scaled against these mountainous seas'.	you can just see someone on the shoulder of this monster'.
lewis hamilton and jenson button have been taking advantage of the current formula one break in different ways this week.	button has been put through his paces as he prepares for sunday's london marathon.	after winning the bahrain grand prix on sunday, 30-year-old mercedes driver hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session.
lewis hamilton stands on his mercedes after winning the bahrain grand prix.	it was another' home run' performance from hamilton, a man who claims he is a perfectionist, and who appears to be driving as close to perfection as can possibly be achieved in the sport.	hamilton is congratulated by ferrari rival kimi raikkonen on sunday.
manchester united striker james wilson has revealed that if he could take one quality from team-mate wayne rooney and add it to his own game, it would be the england captain's ability to take free-kicks.	the 19-year-old, speaking during an interview in may's issue of inside united, added that he would want robin van persie's movement and radamel falcao's instincts.	wilson says england captain rooney practices his free kicks every day.
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board.	it is high time that we looked at the entire structure of english cricket and the reasons we are incapable of producing the types of cricketer required to succeed in international one-day cricket.
stan collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated villa's 3-3 draw with qpr.	the former villa striker let loose with his wild, and sometimes expletive laden, comments from the press box.	talksport pundit stan collymore tweeted:' with respect, on nights i go as a fan.
luis suarez's wife sofia has revealed that the barcelona star told her he did n't bite italy defender giorgio chiellini during the world cup in brazil.	the uruguayan received a four-month ban for biting giorgio chiellini during the world cup match.	suarez has been in superb form for barcelona since joining the club from liverpool in the summer.
adam johnson, 27, has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 — the same day sunderland travel to arsenal — where it is expected the case will be sent to the crown court.	if found guilty, johnson faces a lengthy prison term.	if they suspend their top scorer he would miss the club’s remaining six games.
adam johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.	the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club sunderland despite the charges.	johnson has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20.
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 years old, plus one of grooming.	the 27-year-old answered bail at peterlee police station in county durham on thursday – will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20.
eden hazard scored the winner against manchester united at stamford bridge.	the chelsea playmaker is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award.	scholes believes the 24-year-old needs to be more ruthless.
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis in boxing's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on saturday.	klitschko has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006.
wladimir klitschko has reached rare territory among heavyweight champions.	klitschko is catching joe louis and larry holmes in successful defences.	klitschko is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title.
ap mccoy’s mount in the grade one celebration chase at sandown on saturday.	paul nicholls-trained mr mole is bracketed with irish raider special tiara and nicky henderson’s sprinter sacre, who will be ridden by cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in the absence of injured barry geraghty.	mr mole will be mccoy’s last ride in a grade one race.
ap mccoy will jump his final fence this weekend when the legendary jockey bows out at sandown and to mark his retirement we've got some brilliant stats and little-known facts as we preview hisbig farewell.	mccoy, in the final furlong of a glittering career, winning on capard king at ayr last weekend.
chris gayle uploaded an instagram picture via his instagram account on tuesday of himself behind some dj decks.	it's not the first time that gayle has tried his hands to get something to turn again - albeit if not on a cricket pitch.	the 35-year-old is currently in india ahead of this year's ipl tournament which starts on wednesday.
wayne rooney has been interviews by little ant and dec for itv's saturday night takeaway programme.	the england captain enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid - or little ant and dec as they are better known - for the entertainment show to be aired on itv at 7pm on saturday.
paris saint-germain star david luiz's' joker' status in the dressing room at chelsea was well documented, and he teamed up with ezequiel lavezzi to play a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara.	the £50million centre back was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36-year-old's face into his cake on his special day as psg prepare for their ligue 1 trip to face marseille on sunday.
manny pacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the wild card boxing gym.	the filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against floyd mayweather on may 2 to be interviewed at the show’s base at universal studios.	pac-man was doing the hard yards ahead of the bout around his los angeles base, wearing trainers and a woolly hat for a road work session as the sun came up.
ronda rousey left her trademark deadly glares and lethal arm bar at home for the los angeles premiere of blockbuster action film fast & furious 7.	rousey, the ufc’s bantamweight champion, appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on april 3 in the uk with her mma skills used to full effect.	the look impressed rousey's mother dr annmaria, a former world judo champion who used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds.
diego maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986.	maradona started with some shots to the head before turning his attention to the body.
serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at chelsea and his current deal runs out in 2016.	the 31-year-old is poised to leave stamford bridge and wants to play for a champions league contender.	psg are set to make a £7million bid for ivanovic's chelsea team-mate petr cech this summer.
inter milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for manchester city misfit stevan jovetic.	the 25-year-old striker is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances.	city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal.
victor wanyama took to social media on thursday in a bid to dismiss rumours he was set to quit southampton for arsenal.	the saints enforcer later followed those comments with a series of tweets.	victor wanyama's stock has risen in the premier league since arriving at southampton from celtic.	saints midfielder claims that he has never spoken to arsene wenger over a move to the emirates.
javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player.	the mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals atletico madrid in the champions league quarter final and was hailed as the golden boy of real.
crystal palace manager alan pardew insists he is not interested in raiding former club newcastle for tim krul.	pardew is planning a busy summer in the transfer market after taking over at palace and leading the team on an incredible run of form that has pulled them away from the relegation zone.	alan pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a raid on his former club for goalkeeper tim krul.
juventus have ruled out a move for manchester united loan star radamel falcao.	juventus general manager beppe marotta has claimed that falcao wanted to come to turin last summer but the serie a champions have now taken themselves out of the race to sign him.	juventus need to reinforce their forward line with palermo's dybala and edinson cavani.
chelsea have suffered a blow in their pursuit of palermo's paulo dybala.	the 21 year old has scored 13 league goals for palermo this season.	but reports in italy suggest that juventus have offered £23million.
gareth bale is adamant that he wants to stay at real madrid despite strong interest.	carlo ancelotti has already gone on record as to just how important he believes the welshman is to real madrid.	sportsmail can reveal that is the unswerving message from the world's most expensive player.
kevin de bruyne's agent expects to go' around the world' discussing his client as interest in the wolfsburg midfielder increases ahead of the summer transfer window.	wolfsburg midfielder admits he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the belgium international as clubs prepare to strengthen their squads before the start of next season.	city are keen to sign the ex-chelsea midfielder as they look to reshape their squad but de koster insists no decision has been made and that the 23-year-old could even remain at the volkswagen arena.
inter milan's yaya toure has hinted that he is open to' new challenges'.	premier league champions want to reshape their squad this summer.	yaya toure appears open to a move away from the etihad if the right opportunity presents itself at the end of the season.
kurt zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the ballon d'or.	zouma has impressed at the heart of the chelsea defence.	he proved his versatility by seemlessly switching into a holding midfield role.
manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay.	the red devils have made a move over the holland international.	louis van gaal keen to make him one of his first signings this summer.
petr cech will hold talks with jose mourinho at the end of the season.	arsene wenger must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer.	arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer.
english trio raheem sterling, ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad.	raheem sterling would cost in region of £50million but the forward could buy out the final year of his contract.	sterling has refused to sign a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield.
west ham are showing interest in crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur.	scotland international only joined palace last summer in a deal worth £7million.	west ham are showing interest in james mcarthur from wigan athletic.
manchester city are monitoring juventus striker alvaro morata.	the spain international was a target for arsenal a year ago when he left real madrid but opted for a move to italy.	real have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up.
danny wilson will leave the club this summer after the defender activated a clause in his contract.	hearts captain danny wilson has decided to leave the club at the end of the season.	celtic manager ronny deila has been linked with a move for the former rangers player on a list of his summer targets.
carlos tevez has said throughout his career that he wanted to end his career at his boyhood club but it appears the argentine outfit will have to wait for his signature.	the 31-year-old's future was thrown into doubt when boca juniors president claimed he was' close to bringing carlos home' despite tevez having another year on his current deal.	juventus striker carlos tevez is yet to make a final decision on his future despite constant links to boca.
carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina.	the former manchester city striker's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer.	tevez is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady and still has a shot at european glory.
edinson cavani attempts a diving header at parc des princes.	uruguayan striker insists he will be staying at paris saint-germain.	cavani has not been as instrumental to the club's fortunes.	cavani has ruled out selling cavani this summer.
georginio wijnaldum has fuelled speculation that he is eyeing a move to the premier league in the summer.	the 24-year-old reveals that he has the ambition to play for a' great club' in a major european league.	wijnaldum - who has netted 16 goals in all competitions this season.
juventus and liverpool are continuing to monitor developments with chelsea midfielder oscar.	the brazil international has been criticised by jose mourinho.	chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to help balance the books.
carlos tevez is under contract until the end of next season.	tevez is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady.	tevez has already decided to leave the club this summer.
sheffield wednesday are ready to offer new contracts to defender tom lees and goalkeeper keiren westwood.	wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on tuesday night with a 1-0 win over promotion-chasing brentford.	tom lees has been a key figure and like westwood is among the contenders for the club's player of the year award.
patrick bamford, 21, scored one and made one in boro’s 2-1 win over play-off rivals wolves.	the chelsea youngster is on loan at middlesbrough for the season.	chelsea have opened talks over the possibility of tying english starlet bamford down to a new contract.
victor moses has returned to chelsea after being ruled out for the season.	the 24-year-old has been on loan at stoke but damaged his hamstring.	stoke are still interested in tying up a permanent move for the nigeria international.
chelsea will announce the £4.5million signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan on wednesday in a move that will come as a significant blow to manchester city.	the dazzling attacking midfielder, who turned 19 last month, has been in london for talks with the blues this week and passed a medical on tuesday.	chelsea manager jose mourinho has beaten man city boss manuel pellegrini to the signing of the brazilian.	nathan will join fellow brazilians willian, ramires, filipe luis and oscar.
swansea have made a contract offer to marseille striker andre ayew.	the 25-year-old is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs.	ayew, who scored for ghana against world champions germany and usa in last summer's world cup.
raheem sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide has not gone down well at arsenal.	arsenal are now having second thoughts over their interest in the england international.	arsene wenger has condemned the likes of jack wilshere and wojciech szczesny.
real madrid legend zinedine zidane has ruled out the notion of the club selling gareth bale to manchester united this summer.	real madrid legend zinedine zidane insists gareth bale will not joining manchester united this summer.	zidane says bale was a big part in real's success last year and would' improve any squad in the world'.
manchester city have decided to listen to offers for ivorian midfielder yaya toure and samir nasri.	city manager manuel pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following sunday’s 4-2 defeat by neighbours manchester united.	but as the city board refuse to give up on their manager just yet the decision has been made to jettison high-profile players who have failed them.
swansea city have expressed an interest in schalke full back christian fuchs.	the 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the premier league.	he was outstanding in schalke's 4-3 champions league win over real madrid last month.
tottenham will offer nabil bentaleb a new deal in order to ward off interest from rival teams.	clubs from across europe are known to be monitoring the situation.	clubs from across europe are monitoring the algeria international's situation at white hart lane.
helal abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of tower hamlets in east london days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet.	the race was won by lutfur rahman, 50, a controversial figure who has been accused in a separate high court case of rigging his re-election victory last year.	mr abbas lost the election by 12,000 votes.
a time lapse video, filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am, shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney's south.	the murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform.	sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years.
grace joy roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her crib and a' safety' ridge cut off oxygen supply to her brain.	coroner penelope schofield issued a report expressing concern over the bednest bedside cot.	coroner has called for the' dangerous' cot to be pulled from the shelves after the newborn girl was strangled.
daniel o'reilly filmed his journey to sydney, via doha and melbourne.	he joked about how women couldn’t resist him and despite his jibes being branded ‘sexist’ his latest video shows he hasn’t changed tact.
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar.	it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn’t seen in the video.
nypd officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime.	members of the new york police department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired.	when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
rudy gestede has put premier league clubs on alert after revealing his desire to play in england's top flight.	the 26-year-old has enjoyed a terrific season at ewood park netting 20 goals in the championship.	benin international has set his sights on a move away from the club - with swansea, crystal palace, hull and west brom.
ronny deila insisted on friday night that scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches.	the celtic manager stressed he still had a positive view of officiating in this country despite the josh meekings handball debacle that helped kill his treble dream last weekend.	deila has called for similar transparency as in his norwegian homeland.
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino insists he has no desire to be popular among southampton fans as he prepares for his first return to the south coast.	the argentine will be given a hostile reception at st mary’s on saturday, with saints fans still angered by his decision to leave for white hart lane last summer.	pochettino claims he can handle any animosity on his return to southampton.
alan pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club's profile.	pardew has transformed palace into relegation candidates to a club pushing for a top-half finish since taking charge in january.	eagles boss pardew slapped a'40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on crystal palace winger yannick bolasie.
the sfa judicial panel had decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case.	the inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny celtic striker leigh griffiths in last sunday’s semi-final.	meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded.
lorient climbed clear of the ligue 1 relegation zone with a remarkable 5-3 win at marseille as the home side's alarming slump continued at the stade velodrome.	three successive defeats had destroyed marseille's hopes of landing the ligue 1 title and they had not won at home since january 31.	but the odds were still stacked against visitors lorient who knew nothing other than victory would take them out of the bottom three.
ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer.	the dutch great took the reins of what many expected to be a sinking ship.	koeman, though, has been revelation in his first season in english football.
tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new nfl london franchise.	the bold design of the new £400million stadium could involve a ‘slide-out’ grass football pitch with an nfl-style synthetic surface housed underneath.	the nfl is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in london.
carl jenkinson says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england.	west ham defender knows the predicament that faces the teenager torn between representing the republic of ireland or england.	jenkinson has experienced an identical international limbo before.
sam allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any premier league club in a long time.	the hammers announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week.	manager sam allardyce has said that filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club.	allardyce feels this is a shrewd business decision by the club.
mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager before departing to tottenham.	the argentine manager embraces ronald koeman as he took on his former side in october.	but cortese’s decision proved to be an astute one and pochettino took them to the next level.
dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the national football league.	dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games.	hardy, who signed with dallas last month, were abruptly dropped in february after his accuser could not be found to testify.
new england patriots will take on pittsburgh steelers on september 10.	the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on tuesday night.	week one also features a prime-time showdown between the new york giants and their nfc east rivals dallas cowboys.
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez has been found guilty on wednesday of first-degree murder in a deadly late-night shooting.	hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict.	hernandez later mouthed to them:' be strong.
michael bennett labelled the tight end' soft' and' overrated', not to mention adding that' he did n't like him as a person or a player'.	the defensive end had some choice words for his new team-mate.	jimmy graham signed a deal with seattle which gives wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at.
charles tillman has concluded his storied career with the chicago bears.	the veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers with the two-time pro bowler opting to link-up with ron rivera.	but he leaves chicago with his achievements on the field matched by those off it.
bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league's substance abuse policy.	bell was stopped in his chevrolet camaro last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana.	le'veon bell will appeal the nfl's decision to ban him for the first three games of the season.
stevan ridley became the 15th player to join the jets in a frantic free agency.	he played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight afc east title.	ridley posted on instagram.
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning.	during a 2011 incident involving two guns when he playing for the tampa bay buccaneers, talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in garland, texas.	talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011.
sarah thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season.	the 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14.	she's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007.
lesean mccoy's acrimony with chip kelly continues to rumble on, with the buffalo bills running back taking another swipe at the eagles head coach.	mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent.
adrian peterson is to meet with the nfl to discuss his reinstatement.	the minnesota vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the commissioner's exempt list due to a child abuse case.	the 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on april 15.
sarah thomas is set to become the nfl's first permanent female official for regular season games.	the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge.	thomas was on the nfl's list of officiating prospects and is set to be named as one of eight new officials.
efe obada has been signed by the dallas cowboys, despite playing just five games for the london warriors.	the 22-year-old londoner will fly out to texas next month for rookie mini-camp.	obada only started playing american football half way through last season.
the jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year.	the winner will announce the draft picks live on sky sports in the united states.	it will mark the first time that any part of the nfl draft has taken place outside the united states.
jack, the las vegas-based swede who fights under banner of floyd mayweather jr.'s promotion company, connected with a big one-two combination in the ninth round and forced the fight inside on a tiring dirrell (27-1-1).	george groves will fight jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title as he is mandatory challenger.	jack connects with anthony dirrell during the wbc world super-middleweight title fight.
boxing fans hoping to attend the welterweight showdown between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 must buy advance tickets.	the vast numbers expected to attend the eve-of-fight ritual at the mgm grand garden arena has prompted fight organisers to take the step of charging for entry to the event.	tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through mgm resorts call centre and box office on friday.
nicola adams has been forced to withdraw from this weekend's english national championships following a burglary at her home in leeds.	adams and other family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in, in which two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.	adams had been due to contest the women's 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown against her great britain rival lisa whiteside.
floyd mayweather works out with his uncle roger at the mayweather boxing club ahead of the fight.	the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious, says joe calzaghe.	it is being billed as the fight of the century, and is worth at least $180million and $120m to mayweather and pacquiao respectively.	pacquiao has been beaten so he'll be ready for this fight.
luke rockhold staked his claim in new jersey as the top middleweight contender in the ufc.	rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at mma history in new york.	rockhold capped a brief and brilliant appearance in the cage with a rear naked choke at 2:32 of the second round.
ufc president dana white gave a revealing insight into the extremes.	the brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor.	the 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion, a division in which the limit is 205lb.
luke rockhold is ready to be the bull to lyoto machida's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday.	the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights.
conor mcgregor has claimed he would' kill' floyd mayweather' in less than 30 seconds' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world.	mcgregor is preparing for his world title fight against ufc featherweight champion jose aldo in july, said mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing.
ronda rousey wants to return to the wwe after taking down co-owner stephanie mcmahon.	rousey made her first in-ring performance on march 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in levi's stadium in california.	rousey was a hot with fans at wrestlemania 31 but her focus for now is on her upcoming fight against bethe correia.
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 and has unveiled a fearsome new tattoo ahead of the encounter.	the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and' the notorious' has now revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach.	mcgregor is challenging jose aldo for his featherweight champion title in las vegas on july 11.
jimi manuwa is confident he can return to winning ways.	the londoner takes on jan blachowicz tonight, more than a year after he suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson.	jimi manuwa confident he can spend more than 10 minutes in the octagon.
mirko filipovic faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday.	cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at ufc 70.	but he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory.
conor mcgregor insists jose aldo does n't want to be near me.	conor mcgregor grabbed jose aldo's belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin last week.	aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against mcgregor in las vegas on july 11.
jeff novitzky, who was also involved in the investigations into barry bonds, marion jones and justin gatlin, will spearhead the development of the ufc's new drug testing programme.	the organisation announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol following a string of high-profile failed tests.	anderson silva, nick diaz and hector lombard tested positive for drostanolone metabolites and androstane.	barry bonds holds the mlb record for home runs but his achievements are tainted by allegations of ped use.
chad mendes underlined his no 1 spot in ufc's featherweight rankings with an explosive first-round technical knockout of former title contender ricardo lamas in fairfax on saturday night.	the featherweight came out hard and fast, and quickly landed a right hand which inevitably led to lamas' downfall.	mendes celebrates his first-round victory against lamas as he returned to action in virginia.
chad mendes and ricardo lamas face off during the ufc weigh-in at the patriot center.	no 1 ranked chad mendes and no 4 ranked ricardo lamas meet in fairfax, virginia.	mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the brazilian king.
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national.	creamer won the 2010 women's us open, first floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth's stunning victory at the masters on april 14.	creamer suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in april.
justin rose will make his first appearance since finishing second in the masters in the zurich classic of new orleans.	he has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at augusta national earlier this month.
lindsey vonn spoke about her relationship with tiger woods on the late night with seth meyers.	the 30-year-old has been dating golf superstar tiger woods during a us chat show interview on the late night with seth meyers.	arrived at the chat show looking stunning in a white dress that showed off her athletic legs.
bubba watson is used to wowing spectators with unorthodox golf shots on the course.	the 36-year-old took to twitter on saturday to show fans a new trick he had been working on.	watson's form has been poor in recent weeks after a disappointing masters and shenzen international.
sir nick faldo and tom watson will compete at the open for the last time at st andrews in july.	three-time winner faldo will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course.	faldo, whose 58th birthday falls on the saturday of the championship, said:' the open and st andrews will forever hold a significant place in my heart.
jim furyk defeated kevin kisner on the second play-off hole to win the rbc heritage title at hilton head and record a first pga tour victory since 2010.	the former us open champion, 44, carded a superb final round eight-under-par 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader troy merritt, whose three-shot lead evaporated with a 69 on sunday, when play was started early because of fears over the weather.
thailand's kiradech aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to claim his second european tour title and break chinese hearts in the inaugural shenzhen international on sunday.	teenager li hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil, the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par.
thailand's kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to surge into the lead at the shenzhen international in china on saturday.	aphibarnrat began the third round one shot behind american peter uihlein but birdied his first three holes before carding what would prove to be his only par on the front nine on the fourth.	thailand's kiradech aphibarnrat takes lead at the shenzhen international in china on saturday.
jordan spieth fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links.	the 21-year-old spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under.	jordan spieth hits his second shot on the ninth hole during the second round of the rbc heritage.
scottish golfer carly booth took to instagram to show off her impressive bikini body, as she posted the revealing selfie to her 9,778 followers.	booth posted photos on her instagram showing off her impressive bikini body while on the indian ocean island.	booth became the youngest-ever scot to qualify for the ladies european tour at the tender age of 17 and despite winning two events in 2012.
jordan spieth looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina.	the masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74.	spieth three-putted the sixth to drop his first shot of the day.	he dropped another shot on the 11th and on the par-three 14th.
rory mcilroy's powers of persuasion have resulted in us open champion martin kaymer, former world number one luke donald and patrick reed confirming their participation in the dubai duty free irish open.	mcilroy's foundation is hosting the event at royal county down from may 28-31 and the world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field, who will compete for a prize fund of £1.8million, an increase of 25 per cent from last year.	reed let the cat out of the bag on the final day of the masters at wentworth the week before.
deposed masters champion bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off huang wen-yi's lead at the shenzhen international.	watson finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion.
jordan spieth arrived at sea pines resort late tuesday night after a media whirlwind in new york since tying tiger woods' masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket.	the 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours.	spieth does n't believe the success will change him.	he said he upheld his commitment to the rbc heritage in part.
rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer.	world no 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown, with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish.	mcilroy was taking time away from golf after competing at the masters in augusta where he overcame a slow to start to finish an impressive fourth.
martina navratilova's brief stint as coach of 2012 wimbledon coach agnieszka radwanska is finished.	navratilova won 18 grand slam singles titles as a player, and poland's radwanska, who is currently ranked no 9.	radwanska is only 13-11 this season, including a first-round loss on wednesday in a clay-court tournament at stuttgart, germany.
maria sharapova was beaten in three sets by angelique kerber of germany.	the top-seeded russian won four straight games to clinch the first set.	she made some errors to drop the second set and faded in the third.
rafael nadal's bid for a ninth barcelona open title ended in third-round defeat.	italian fabio fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4, 7-6 (8-6).	the world no 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court.
agnieszka radwanska became the second high-profile exit at the porsche tennis grand prix in stuttgart in as many days after losing out to sara errani.	italian clay specialist errani dumped out the polish seventh-seed 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in a tense match on wednesday that lasted two hours and eight minutes.	world no 9 agnieszka radwanska is the latest top seed to bow out of the porsche grand prix in stuttgart.
rafael nadal eased past spanish compatriot nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the barcelona open third round.	the world no 4 and second seed comfortably dismissed the unseeded almagro - who is battling back after foot surgery that sidelined him for the second half of last year.
marin cilic was eliminated in the second round of the barcelona open.	santiago giraldo beat joao sousa of portugal 6-3, 6-4.	cilic is the 2014 u.s. open champion but is struggling for fitness and form.
ana ivanovic crashed out at the first hurdle of the 2015 porsche tennis grand prix in stuttgart on tuesday as she suffered another defeat to caroline garcia.	serbian fifth seed ivanovic was seen off 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by france's garcia, who had already beaten her two previous times this year.	garcia won their first round clash in the clay court porsche tennis grand prix on tuesday.
there will be a capacity of 7,000 for july's match against france at london's queen's club.	there will go to various organisations and governing bodies, with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled queen's members as part of the deal to play the tie there.	british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer.
kei nishikori made a successful start to his barcelona open title defence with a straight sets victory over teymuraz gabashvili on tuesday.	the other seeds to advance to the third round were both spaniards - seventh seed roberto bautista-agut with a 6-3 6-4 win over thomaz bellucci of brazil.
jose mourinho has revealed that he felt like he was british when andy murray won wimbledon two years ago.	the chelsea manager also described sw19 as' more than a grand slam'.	mourinho was given a tour of sw19 as part of a new deal between jaguar and the all england lawn tennis club.	mourinho takes in his surroundings as he has a seat on wimbledon's centre court.
andy murray and davis cup colleagues have got their preferred venue by securing london’s queen’s club as the place where they will take on france in their quarter final.	british captain leon smith and his lead player had made it clear that they wanted to take on the strong french team on grass, as it would appear to give them fewer selection options from their rich resources.
serena williams said her struggle to beat sara errani in the fed cup play-off.	world no 1 williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6 (3) 6-3 against italian sara errani.	williams, 33, won her 19th singles grand slam at the australian open.
novak djokovic is being tipped to end rafa nadal's stranglehold at roland garros.	the serbian world number one has been an unstoppable force in recent weeks.	he comfortably beat nadal on his beloved red clay in monte carlo masters.
novak djokovic became the first player to win the opening three atp world tour masters 1000 events when he defeated tomas berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at monte carlo on sunday.	djokovic had overpowered eight-time champion rafael nadal to reach the final, not dropping a set on his 2015 clay-court debut this week.
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with kimi raikkonen to keep his desire to remain with the maranello marque high.	the finn, however, has arguably never been happier during his formula one career courtesy of the atmosphere generated within the team by the arrival of the charismatic arrivabene.
jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren after an energy recovery system prevented him from making it to the start-line.	it capped a miserable weekend for the briton ; jenson button waves to the crowd ahead of the bahrain grand prix which he failed to start.	button spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded.
formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has given azerbaijan the all-clear.	the capital, baku, will host a street race to be known as the european grand prix.	the sport recently published a' statement of commitment to respect for human rights'.
jenson button was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying.	but despite frantic work from his mclaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in sakhir, button was forced to watch from the sidelines.	button jumps out of his mclaren after failing to complete the bahrain grand prix.
jenson button was given a hat-trick in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix.	the 35-year-old ground to a halt with what the team believe to be another electrical issue.	racing director eric boullier insists the problems are' unrelated', and' just glitches stopping the car'.
nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton.	hamilton's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg third fastest.	hamilton has dominated roberg this season and has got pole in every race.	he has just walked through and slammed shut, and shouts in an almost childlike way.
lewis hamilton dominated qualifying for the bahrain grand prix.	mercedes team-mate nico rosberg qualified second and third respectivley.	hamilton made it four poles out of four this season under the lights.	ferrari are now in the championship fight, changing the dynamic for hamilton.
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has urged kimi raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to remain with the maranello marque.	raikkonen's contract finishes at the end of the current formula one season.	sparks fly as the finn overtakes pastor maldonado during practice ahead.
nico rosberg fears the threat from ferrari in this weekend's bahrain grand prix.	the mercedes driver was complimentary of ferrari and described their pace as' dangerous' and' worrying'.	ferrari duo kimi raikkonen and sebastian vettel finished third and fourth quickest, just over half a second adrift of rosberg.
jenson button was left to reflect on' not a great day' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for sunday's bahrain grand prix.	button's mclaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the bahrain international circuit.	although the car was recovered, his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of fp2, in which three laps in he had to stop out on track.
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable.	lewis hamilton, 30, has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes.	he says only small details need finalising, but until the ink is dry there are no guarantees he will stay.
davy condon suffered spinal concussion in a fall during the grand national this month.	condon was riding portrait king in the grand national at aintree.	it was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
robbie mcnamara is feeling' great and optimistic' as he continues to recover from serious injuries suffered in a fall at wexford.	the jockey was due to partner last year's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie's grand national at aintree, but suffered multiple injuries.	mcnamara says he is feeling' great and optimistic' as he continues to recover from serious injuries.
french trainer freddy head has favourably compared his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to last year's fifth-placed runner charm spirit.	ride like the wind was one of 34 colts which remain in the first classic of the season run on saturday, may 2.	ride like the wind won just one of his four starts last season but he has run twice this term.
ian wright confirmed as the man who will present ap mccoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at sandown on saturday.	track officials had been keen to secure someone with a connection to the club which the retiring rider fervently supports.	wright, who had seven seasons at arsenal and broke every scoring record in the book, will hand over mccoy’s trophy before travelling back into london.
ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts.	there had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the ap mccoy celebration chase, in which he definitely partners mr mole, or the feature bet365 gold cup.	but there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35.
northampton flanker tom wood is keen for his side to regain their form.	the east midlands side are ready to address their mini-slump and breathe life back into the title push.	northampton were dumped out of the champions cup quarter-finals.
jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season.	the 20-year-old capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side.	he said:' i'm eager to look at what he does and learn from him'.
aviva premiership club gloucester will face a rugby football union hearing after selecting lock mariano galarza for their league game against sale sharks last month.	the rfu has said galarza should have been ineligible for the match.	the case will be heard by an independent panel of jeremy summers, bonike erinle and robert horner on monday, april 27.
england centre manu tuilagi is taking his rehabilitation' week by week' as the powerhouse midfielder continues his recovery from a troublesome groin injury.	tuilagi has been out of action since october and missed the autumn internationals as well as england's entire rbs 6 nations campaign.	but the 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer in time for his country's pre-world cup preparations.
matt giteau has been an outstanding force for toulon in the french club's back-to-back heineken cup triumphs and top 14 title success last season.	the master playmaker has not featured for australia since he missed out on selection for the 2011 world cup in new zealand.	australia had a policy of not picking anyone who plays abroad.
steffon armitage and clermont full back nick abendanon have been shortlisted for the european player of the year award following their superb performances in this season's european champions cup.	vunipola starred for mark mccall's side throughout the pool stages.	armitage, who was named european player of the year last season, has made the most turnovers (19).
ulster back michael allen will join edinburgh at the end of the season.	the 24-year-old joins alan solomons' side on a two-year deal which takes him through to may 2017.	allen admits move from belfast to the scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone.
andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up in england.	england came within six points of claiming the rbs 6 nations following their pulsating 55-35 victory against france on the final day of the championship.	ireland secured a second successive title on points difference.
davy mcgregor was hurt after being caught by an opponent's hip or shorts - leaving a truly horrifying sight.	davy mcgregor suffered the sickening injury to his ear while playing for heriot's racing club.	mcgregor confirmed to joe.ie that he was on his way to a plastic surgeon.
toulon are now eligible for australia after the aru passed a new rule.	players with over 60 caps playing overseas could now be selected for test matches.	other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing super rugby in australia for the following two seasons.
mike brown is still suffering from headaches and has taken no part in training or team meetings since he returned to harlequins.	conor o'shea, harlequins director of rugby, has ruled the 29-year-old out of saturday's aviva premiership match against sale and he is not expected to face bath the following week.	brown is still suffering headaches nine weeks after failing to recover from concussion.
leicester have announced a move for super rugby lock mike fitzgerald.	the 28-year-old new zealander has helped the waikato-based chiefs win two super rugby titles.	he is set to follow waratahs wing peter betham, whose signing was confirmed by the tigers on monday, to be a leicester tigers lock next season.
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions.	alastair cook and ian bell fell to gabriel, whose fastest delivery was 94.3mph.	west indies bowler shannon gabriel kept england's batsmen on their toes with speeds reaching 94.3mph.
england's joe root has every hope the team can kick on and win the second test against west indies.	root's unbeaten 118 came with england posting a 74-run lead at the end of day three.	the score of 373 for six was also down to some impressive batting from england's top order.
marlon samuels found a novel way of carrying on his duel in the second test with ben stokes here on thursday night when he sent him on his way with a military-style salute.	stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a devendra long-hop long-hop straight to deep square leg and samuels wasted no time in pouring salt on his wounds.	stokes looks at samuels as the cheeky centurion stands at attention with his hat on his check for the send-off.
alastair cook hung his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century before the man who seems destined to succeed him as england captain showed how to do it.	but the problems cook had in finding fluency in his 211-ball 76 were put into stark perspective by yet another display of the rare class and maturity that has made joe root england’s outstanding batsman.
stuart broad backed alastair cook to hit the test century that has eluded him for 33 innings on thursday and put england in a winning position in the second test.	broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 here in grenada.
alastair cook passed alec stewart's 8,463 runs to become england's second highest test run-scorer.	he moved beyond alec stewart into second place among england’s great test accumulators.	now only graham gooch, the man cook returned to earlier this year to restore his batting to full working order.
australia's world cup-winning batsman aaron finch has had surgery on his left hamstring.	the pugnacious opener, captain of australia's twenty20 team, sustained the injury playing for the mumbai indians in the indian premier league and returned to melbourne to have the operation on tuesday.	finch has never played test cricket and was not included in the australia squad for june's series in west indies.
ben stokes was involved in a war of words with west indies batsman marlon samuels last night after a hard-fought opening day of the second test.	the two clashed repeatedly on the pitch and samuels later taunted the durham all-rounder, saying:' the english boys don’t learn' as he found verbal alternations helpful while batting.	marlon samuels says the england players' do n't learn' because he has just come into cricket while i’ve been around for a while.
alastair cook put west indies in to bat.	alastair cook's former team-mate graeme swann pointed out when the england captain's form turned.	marlon samuels might have an excellent record against england, but darren bravo does not.
san antonio spurs beat los angeles clippers 2-1 on friday night.	san antonio spurs took a 1-0 lead in the first-round series.	boris diaw had 15 points and 10 rebounds and deandre jordan added 10 points.
zara phillips saw her hopes of success at the rolex kentucky three-day event disappear in frustrating fashion on friday.	phillips, the queen's granddaughter, withdrew before her scheduled dressage test at kentucky horse park.	phillips won silver in the team equestrian section of the eventing at london 2012 on board high kingdom.
golden state warriors beat new orleans 123-119 3-0 in the final seconds of regulation to complete a 20-point, fourth-quarter comeback that allowed the golden state warriors to beat new orleans pelicans 123-119.	the bulls also established a 3-0 series lead, as did cleveland against boston.	curry (centre) shoots over tyreke evans of the pelicans as he spearheaded their win over milwaukee.	curry missed a 3-point attempt in the final seconds of regulation.
michael van gerwen and gary anderson had topsy-turvy nights in week 12 of the betway premier league in cardiff.	world no 1 van gerwen and world champion anderson both won and lost a game apiece during an eventful night in the world of darts.	van gerwen impressed as he brushed james wade aside as he cruised to a 7-0 win and booked a place in may's play-offs at the 02.
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 on thursday in the first round of the world championship.	the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu in the next round.	trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of stuart carrington.
world record holder paula radcliffe said she was close to pulling out' of the london marathon'.	she has worked with the likes of ronaldo, michael owen and usain bolt.	muller-wohlfahrt muller-wohlfahrt, who has worked with ronaldo, has made sure radcliffe will race.
alejandro valverde successfully defended his fleche wallonne title on wednesday as chris froome finished back in 123rd after a fall.	movistar rider valverde sprinted to victory ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini in a race which saw former winner philippe gilbert pull out after a bad crash some 50 kilometres from the end.	froome was involved in a crash in the final 12 kilometres but was able to get back on his bike and finish.
ronnie o'sullivan moved into the second round of the world snooker championship on wednesday.	the five-time world champion beat craig steadman 10-3 in their first round contest at the crucible.	he might have faced a fine of around £250 for briefly playing on without shoes.
chris paul and luol deng will play in the first-ever nba game held in africa.	the august 1 encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format at the iconic ellis park stadium in johannesburg, south africa.	eight-time nba all-star paul will captain team world, while britain's two-time nba all-star deng will lead out team africa.
cleveland cavaliers moved into a 2-0 lead over the boston celtics.	cleveland's 99-91 win followed their victory at the weekend to put them in a strong position.	washington's 117-106 victory at toronto owed most to john wall, who had 26 points and 17 assists.
reanne evans saw her 10-year reign as women's world snooker champion surprisingly ended on tuesday.	the 29-year-old from dudley earlier this month lost narrowly to ken doherty in the first round of qualifying for the crucible-staged betfred world championship.	she relinquished her wlbsa world ladies title, losing 4-2 in the semi-finals to hong kong's ng on yee, who went on to defeat england's emma bonney 6-2 in the final.	evans has seen her reign as women's world snooker champion come to a shock end.
china's ding junhui suffered a bizarre lapse of concentration which ended his chance of a rare maximum 147 break at the world snooker championship on tuesday.	the world no 3 suddenly realised what he had done and held his head in his hands before starting to giggle along with his first-round opponent mark davis.	ding jinhui was on for a maxumum break, which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the crucible theatre in sheffield.
jimmy butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game with 31 points as the chicago bulls beat the milwaukee bucks 91-82 on monday to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round nba play-offs series.	butler was at his best down the stretch, scoring 14 points in the second half.	chicago's derrick rose scored all of his 15 points in the fourth quarter.
neil robertson revealed a new practice repertoire which he hopes will lift him among the game's all-time greats after storming into the second round of the betfred world championship.	the 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over welshman jamie jones in sheffield.	robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before.
arsene wenger wants fans will give him a good reception.	arsene wenger wants' respect' for the club's former players and counts fabregas as a man who deserves that.	wenger was at his cryptic best on thursday when asked if it was his decision, he added:' we will have to discuss that one day.	i can not speak to you about that now because that will not help us to win on sunday.
gabriel agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer.	the 28-year-old missed villa’s semi-final victory over liverpool at wembley stadium last weekend because of a troublesome hamstring injury.	agbonlahor missed the semi-final win against liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring problem.
qpr manager chris ramsey feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games.	sportsmail asks some of the dog fight what will it take for your club to stay in the premier league?' what will it take for your club to stay up.	i'm not saying that's the definitive amount - but we really need to start winning'.
sean dyche has attempted to protect out-of-sorts striker danny ings by calling on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the premier league.	ings, strongly linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool when his contract at turf moor runs out in the summer, has n't scored since february 11 — a run of eight matches — and missed his side's best chance in saturday's 1-0 defeat at everton that left burnley bottom.	as a team, they have scored just one goal in their last seven matches.
crystal palace would sell coveted winger yannick bolasie for'£40million to £60million.	pardew claims all his players are' undervalued' as the selhurst park club bid to assert their barclays premier league clout.	alan pardew says he would sell yannick bolasie if crystal palace were offered £40-60million.
roberto martinez insists keeping kevin mirallas happy is key to holding on to him in the summer.	everton manager roberto martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for his belgian star.	kevin mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton.
sir philip carter has died aged 87.	carter also served as president of the football league and vice-president.	under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an fa cup and the european cup winners' cup, which is still the toffees' only piece of continental silverware.
romelu lukaku scored an added motivation to score goals.	belgium international has managed just one goal in 21 starts over two injury-ravaged seasons.	lukaku has scored 18 goals in the premier league season.
aaron lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at everton.	roberto martinez wants to get the most out of lennon in the time.	martinez said discussions about lennon's future will come at the end of the season.
danny ings has nine premier league goals so far, but he'll need to start scoring again for burnley.	aston villa and west brom are teetering on the brink of the premier league.	sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation.
steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league.	hull were the better side against southampton for the first 45 minutes.	but a james ward-prowse penalty and late strike from graziano pelle meant they left with nothing.
esteban cambiasso is wanted by delhi dynamos for india's i-league.	former real madrid midfielder signed a one-year deal at leicester city.	cambiasso, 34, has been one of leicester's best players this season.
brendan rodgers has launched an impassioned defence of his abilities.	brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success.	the liverpool manager is under pressure following the fa cup semi-final defeat by aston villa.
steve mcclaren has called the constant speculation linking him with newcastle' disrespectful' and insists his sole focus remains on trying to get derby promoted to the barclays premier league.	mcclaren admitted there had been interest in him from newcastle around the turn of the year.	but with john carver since appointed, the rams head coach is reluctant to discuss the continuing reports.
john carver says newcastle’s hierarchy must try to bring an end to protests against the club after admitting it is affecting performances on the pitch.	fans group ashleyout.com are now encouraging supporters to ‘ stand up to ashley’ when swansea visit st james’ park on saturday.	this will involve a 34th-minute protest in recognition of the £34million which was last week revealed to be sitting in the club’s bank.
leroy fer is back in training and manager chris ramsey hopes to have him in the squad for saturday's london derby at home to west ham.	the 25-year-old dutch midfielder has not appeared since he damaged medial ligaments in his knee during in a 2-0 win at sunderland.	qpr manager chris ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on fer in bid to beat relegation.
chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins.	rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league with 28 points.	ramsey's side face west ham, liverpool, manchester city, newcastle and leicester.
southampton face tottenham on saturday to shun former manager mauricio pochettino.	fans are encouraging match-goers to wear orange instead of the usual red and white club colours to display their discontent at pochettino leaving last year.	southampton fans are planning to show their support for koeman's achievements by wearing orange.
jack butland has revealed voting for team-mate harry kane as this season's pfa young player of the year.	tottenham hotshot can help him emulate iker casillas at the european championship in the czech republic.	butland joined his england manager at st george's park on thursday.
stoke city are closing on standard liege starlet thibaut verlinden.	the 15-year-old midfielder is a highly regarded member of belgium's u16 squad.	stoke manager mark hughes has also persuaded barcelona's 19-year-old winger mohamed el ouriachi to join this summer.
mark hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper asmir begovic.	the bosnian goalkeeper, who kept stoke in the game during a one-sided first half at the britannia stadium on saturday, sees his existing deal run out next year with real madrid known admirers.	begovic is highly-rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs, including la liga's real madrid.	stoke city have opened talks over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper asmir begovic.
sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the barclays premier league team of the day.	craig gardner starred as tony pulis' west bromwich albion side gave him a winning return to crystal palace.	he is joined by two team-mates from jose mourinho's champions-elect.	tom heaton produced a string of saves against everton and saved ross barkley's penalty.
rudy gestede has scored 20 goals this season and blackburn value.	manager garry monk has made a striker his priority for the summer and club scouts have checked on aleksandar mitrovic at anderlecht and obbi oulare from club brugge.
leonardo ulloa was not supposed to be starting this match, left out in favour of andrej kramaric.	but when david nugent suffered injury in the warm-up, ulloa was sent on.	inside 15 minutes he scored a goal that provided the platform for a victory that looks like being part of a truly great escape.
harry kane celebrates yet another goal during what has been an incredible season for the pfa player and young player of the season.	the video, produced by copa90, uses still photographs of the england forward placed one on top of the other to produce an animated effect.	the video is entitled' harry kane - pfa player of the year?'
tony pulis insists his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams.	tony pulis believes his side can rise as they start their nightmare.	west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 last saturday to move them eight points clear of the relegation zone.
sebastien pocognoli has risked the wrath of his manager tony pulis, after publicly stating his confusion at losing his place in the west brom team.	the belgian defender was an important player under alan irvine but since he left the club, the left back has found his game time limited.	pocognoli insists that he does n't want to be one of the those to throw a strop but may be forced to consider his long-term future.
harry kane tops tops this week's ea sports' performance index.	pfa player of the year nominee tops this week's ea sports' performance index after another intriguing round of premier league action.	kane, who is also nominated for the pfa young player of the year award, netted spurs' third in their 3-1 win at newcastle united.	kane's tottenham team-mate christian erisken sits third in the rankings after scoring vs newcastle.
sam allardyce believes filling your home ground is paramount to premier league clubs - with the hammers announcing their new season-ticket structure ahead of the move to the olympic stadium.	west ham's vice-chairman announced during the week that the club would be making significant cuts to their current pricing as the move is being offset against increased television revenue.	the cheapest season ticket at upton park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season.
andre blackman hides his face outside hammersmith magistrates court.	andre blackman, 24, tried to dodge performing unpaid work for shoplifting.	he was ordered to carry out unpaid work after claiming it would disrupt his search for a new club.	blackman, who has been told he is ‘ surplus to requirements’ by tangerines boss lee clark.
adam rooney is determined to prevent a season of outstanding personal achievement from ending with a sting its tail.	the prospect of watching celtic celebrate title glory inside pittodrie would, he admits, be a painful experience to bear.
chris sutton has told the sfa they must hold bungling officials to account.	the former celtic striker has branded additional official alan muir' idiotic' for failing to see a handball by inverness caley thistle defender josh meekings in sunday's scottish cup semi-final.	meekings is now fighting a ban from the scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the sfa compliance officer.
inverness have angrily vowed to fight an sfa bid to ban josh meekings from the scottish cup final.	meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer tony mcglennan after handling a goal-bound header from celtic's leigh griffiths in sunday's controversial controversial semi-final.	meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as inverness went on to beat celtic 3-2.
virgil van dijk's sublime 16th free-kick gave the parkhead side a dream start.	virgil van dijk sent off parkhead keeper craig gordon for clattering into marley watkins in 53 minutes, greg tansey equalising from the spot.	ronny deila was angry at the referee's decision to send off josh meekings and award his side a penalty.
john hartson was once on the end of a major hampden injustice while playing for celtic.	but he can not see any point in his old club writing to the scottish football association over the latest controversy at the national stadium.	hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2.
stuart mccall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season.	the interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign after being lured back to his old club to kick-start their faltering promotion bid.	everything is going to plan with gers second in the scottish championship table and destined for a semi-final play-off slot.
john brown says celtic have a case of' sour grapes' about their recent scottish cup exit.	brown was involved in a touchline tussle with roy aitken that saw the celtic skipper seize the ball and take a throw-in that should have gone the other way.	brown views the whole furore as' a bit of sour grapes' that speaks of the frustration within his rivals.
the rangers board have held their first meeting with mike ashley since assuming control at ibrox.	interim chairman paul murray and director john gilligan held talks with ashley and other members of the sports direct hierarchy on wednesday.
walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club.	the ibrox legend worked closely with mccoist and coach kenny mcdowall before the duo assumed the reins at rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch.	walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself a successful manager at a stable club.
john brown insists ally mccoist will be welcomed back to ibrox' with open arms.	club's record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance appeared at last month's general meeting to see the board which axed him as boss.	but brown insists king's team will never turn their back on a man who struck 355 goals in light blue - even if his tenure as manager ended in disappointment as hearts romped towards the scottish championship title.	mccoist is rangers record scorer but was axed as manager amid speculation surrounding the clubs future.
walter smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities.	he has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom.	details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come.
real madrid's spanish star admitted he is unhappy with life at the bernabeu.	isco fell straight back out of the team when rodriguez returned to fitness.	isco returned to the starting xi for the champions league semi-final.
tim sherwood insists aston villa are prepared for their final survival fight.	tim sherwood replaced paul lambert in february when villa were in the barclays premier league relegation zone but believes they have enough to survive with five games left.	sherwood could have gabriel agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury.
bacary sagna insists he does not regret leaving arsenal for manchester city.	sagna departed the emirates on the back of an fa cup triumph.	sagna has only made 16 appearances and city are fourth in the premier league.
arsene wenger insists his woeful record against jose mourinho will have no bearing on arsenal's top-of-the-table clash with chelsea at the emirates on sunday.	arsene wenger has failed to win in 12 games against mourinho across the portuguese coach's two spells at stamford bridge, drawing five and losing seven of their clashes.	but the arsenal manager says the past shared between the two managers on sunday's 4pm kick-off will be irrelevant as the barclays premier league's top two sides face off.
mauricio pochettino has blamed tottenham's lunchtime lethargy this season.	mauricio pochettino is looking forward to returning to st mary's with spurs.	the spurs boss said:' maybe this is because we play thursday around europe'.
pep guardiola has yet to commit his future to the bundesliga giants.	ottmar hitzfeld believes the german giants should replace guardiola at the allianz arena.	guardiola has been in the dugout at the allianz arena since last season.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 5-1 in the champions league.	javier hernandez's late winner against atletico madrid sent real madrid into the olympiastadion trophy on june 6.	but the match-up that most appeals has to be real madrid versus barcelona.
bayern munich coach pep guardiola' would not go to a club like manchester city' and will see out his three-year contract with the german champions, club ceo karl-heinz rummenigge said on thursday.	the spaniard, who won the domestic double last season, has repeatedly been linked with a possible move to last season's premier league champions manchester city.	speculation intensified in the days after bayern's 3-1 champions league quarter-final, first-leg loss at porto last week and the subsequent departure of their long-time team doctor, who said his medical team was blamed for the defeat.
floyd mayweather takes the plunge in the cryosauna which is cooled to as low as -175 (-115c) mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training.	the bath is cooled to -175f (-115c) using liquid nitrogen and mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.	mayweather is immersed in the bath as he undergoes the treatment to help with his recovery.
manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday.	manny pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the gathered crowd at the wild card gym in hollywood.	pacquiao addressed gathered media and talked about his upcoming may 2 fight with floyd mayweather.
floyd mayweather jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business.	but mayweather takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank.	mayweather works to the body with co-trainer nate jones in front of a huge crowd at his las vegas gym.
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit with more than three weeks still to go before he meets manny pacquiao in the fight of the century.	the electronic machine showed mayweather at 150.5 lbs.	there was a modicum of surplus fat at the sides of his waist but he looks well on track with his conditioning.
manny pacquiao laughed with trainer freddie roach on monday.	pacman's speed and work rate are expected to be his biggest weapon against mayweather.	pacquiao and his trainer freddie roach laugh at the gift given by celebrity lawyer robert shapiro.
floyd mayweather jnr continues his manny pacquiao mega-fight preparations.	the boxer enjoyed a few laps of the swimming pool before completing a few lengths as his trainer looked on during his sunday session.	the video posted to his instagram also shows the 38-year-old boxer testing his muscles against the resistance of the water as he continues training.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $300 million in what is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history.	the money man's daughter iyanna mayweather has shared her thoughts about life in training with her champion father.	iyanna says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao poses alongside actor mark wahlberg.	mayweather is as renowned for showing off his extravagant lifestyle as he is for going undefeated in his professional career.	but the latest pictures released from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head, displays the extreme level he hits in order to be as fit as possible for his fights.
floyd mayweather is known as' money' and the boxing superstar gave a further glimpse to his incredible wealth on wednesday.	the 38-year-old took to his shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet.	accompanied with the caption' air mayweather,' the wba and wbc welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand the money team.
american boxing fans will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) if they want to watch floyd mayweather's showdown with manny pacquiao.	tv companies hbo and showtime, both of whom will broadcast the fight in the states, confirmed the recommended prices for the may 2 battle as the most expensive in pay-per-view boxing history.
arsenal host liverpool in the premier league on saturday.	danny welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with england.	arsenal forward daniel sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face arsenal.
burnley host tottenham hotspur at turf moor in sunday's premier league clash.	stephen ward should be back in contention for sunday's barclays premier league match at burnley because of a knee injury.	matt taylor, who has not featured since august, is also nearing a return after resuming training following his recovery.
holders sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in this season's europa league final.	retaining the title will see the spanish club win the competition for a record fourth time.	retaining rafael benitez's napoli take on dnipro dnipropetrovsk of ukraine for a place in the warsaw final.
manchester city have already met jurgen klopp to assess him for the manager’s job.	but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for roberto mancini.	city opted for manuel pellegrini after holding talks with both the chilean and klopp two years ago.
jurgen klopp rejected the overtures of west ham united after handing in his notice at borussia dortmund.	if rafael benitez wants to return to english football after leaving napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic olympic stadium in a year's time.
jurgen klopp is on the radar of a number of top clubs after announcing he will leave dortmund at the end of the season.	the 47-year-old has long been linked with taking over from wenger.	the frenchman has two years left on his contract.
thomas tuchel will replace borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp at the start of july.	klopp announced he was bringing the curtain down on his seven-year stay at the club this week.	klopp revealed on wednesday he was leaving dortmund at the end of the season after seven years.
kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of marathon world record holder dennis kimetto and other top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country's runners.	athletics kenya president isaiah kiplagat announced the decision monday to suspend two athlete management companies, the netherlands' volare sports and italy's rosa & associati.	ak did not make accusations against the companies, but said they would be suspended from working in kenya for six months.
ed miliband can claim that 18 of the 20 premier league clubs are in labour consituencies.	the football league's political colours, based on the party holding each club's constituency.	ed miliband’s party has mps in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in england’s top four divisions.
usain bolt has revealed he wants to smash his own 200-metre world record by running the distance in under 19 seconds.	the six-time olympic gold medallist is currently in rio de janeiro, acclimatising ahead of competing in the' mano a mano' event in rio de janeiro.
usain bolt walked into a small gym at the base of rio de janeiro's mangueira favela on thursday.	the six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip in brazil.	bolt is in rio to promote an event over the weekend.
steve evans has revealed rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend.	the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week as they played derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday.	rotherham manager steve evans beleives a decision is imminent on a possible points deduction for his side.
fulham's dance anthem ‘insomnia’ booms out seconds before games at fulham.	kit symons admitted his side were second best and says the club need to rebuild in the summer.	steve evans’ team still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player, farrend rawson.
swansea manager garry monk insists newcastle's players will not be affected by any supporters' protests at st james' park on saturday.	the magpies have lost their last six barclays premier league games under caretaker manager john carver.	at least 10,000 supporters stayed away from st james' park for the club's last home game against spurs.
tiger woods will be wondering if he can ever catch a break after suffering a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at the masters on sunday.	at five-under-par on his second shot on the ninth, woods found himself 470 yards from the hole with the ball nestled snugly into the pine straw that surrounds the beautifully groomed fairway.
real madrid defender raphael varane captured the team's entrance to the santiago bernabeu on wednesday.	real defender raphael varane uploaded an astonishing video to twitter of the fire-hot arrival madrid's players were given from their supporters, who mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support.	varane wrote with the video -' live from the bus before the match! a huge thank you for your support,' varane filmed the footage of the supporters as the team arrived to play atletico.
rafa benitez saw his side beat wolfsburg 4-1 in the europa league.	the spaniard's name is being uttered once again across the boardrooms of europe.	benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia, liverpool, inter milan, chelsea and napoli.
yaya toure wants to meet with manchester city to thrash out his future.	ivory coast midfielder yaya toure has hinted that he is open to leaving manchester city.	toure's agent dimitri seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to city about the way forward.
paris saint-germain's then sports director leonardo declared the club were ready for tougher competitions in europe two years ago but tuesday's champions league quarter-final exit suggests they need more time to reach the top.	psg were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona despite zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti returning to the ligue one side but coach laurent blanc was not really shocked.	blanc said after the 2-0 defeat at the nou camp, which followed last week's 3-1 humbling at the parc des princes.
joe launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in wasps' aviva premiership clash with leicester on may 9.	launchbury has been sidelined since october because of a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck.	if the 24-year-old is given the all-clear to face the tigers in a match that could be crucial to wasps' play-off prospects, it will be his debut at the ricoh arena.
bafetimbi gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury.	the frenchman will miss league trips to leicester and newcastle and newcastle.	gomis' injury has come at the worst possible time.
jack wilshere was on the bench against reading at wembley on saturday.	wilshere is at the heart of a core of players at the emirates.	the 23-year-old has now reached the fa cup final for the second year.
sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each premier league club is around the globe according to twitter followers.	arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of chelsea (5.49m) and manchester united.	but one country was missing: china – where the government outlaws twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media.
jordan spieth made a visit to the observation deck of the empire state building.	spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory.	spieth was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie.
alexis sanchez says he is' very proud' to have joined the north london club.	the chilean forward has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football.	he has singled out fellow attacker santi cazorla for particular praise.
four european giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6.	barcelona's formidable front three of luis suarez is hitting top gear just at the right time.	bayern munich produced a stunning display in the second leg to beat porto in the quarter-finals.
patrice evra believes juventus called upon quintessential italian traits in securing their route to the champions league semi-finals.	patrice evra prevents monaco's yannick ferreira carrasco from delivering a cross at the stade louis ii.	massimiliano allegri's team secured a 0-0 draw at the stade louis ii on wednesday night.	arturo vidal's second-half penalty proved the difference in turin last week.
john peacock has named his squad for next month's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria.	the young lions are the defending champions, having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year.	they have been placed in group d alongside holland, italy and the republic of ireland.
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 hillsborough disaster.	photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released, with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward.	police say the' unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the victims' families.
jordan henderson is the latest big name in brendan rodgers’ squad to commit his future to the club.	the 24-year-old midfielder put pen to paper on thursday morning on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week that will keep him at anfield until the summer of 2020.	henderson’s current terms had 12 months to run but leaving merseyside was never an option.	rodgers will consider henderson for the role of club captain after steven gerrard moves to la galaxy at the end of the campaign.
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid's matches this season.	the £86million man has missed out on just eight starts in real madrid's 50 matches.	but his team-mates have picked up a 100 per cent win record.
chelsea are interested in fulham goalkeeper marcus bettinelli.	jose mourinho was in the crowd at craven cottage last wednesday to watch the 22-year-old in fulham's 1-1 draw against rotherham united.	manager jose mourinho believes bettinelli could potentially provide back-up for thibaut courtois.
pep guardiola is targeting winning three trophies with bayern munich this season.	pep guardiola is confident the bundesliga leaders will emerge victorious.	guardiola's side have a 12-point lead atop the bundesliga and are in the german cup semi-final.
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night.	pep guardiola had made it clear he required the midfelder at bayern munich.	michael carrick fully recovered from injury and ander herrera began to find his feet.
bayern munich defeated porto 6-1 champions league semi-finals.	pep guardiola hit his critics for six as bayern's trounced porto to reach the champions league semi-finals.	it was an emphatic statement of intent: the german juggernaught is steaming towards the final in berlin on june 6.
david de gea met man united fans earlier in the week as part of a day organised by the club's foundation.	spanish keeper has impressed for louis van gaal's side this season.	neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping de gea at old trafford.
southampton are only ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of their wage bill - £55.2million - and yet are currently seventh in the premier league.	saints are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers with a wage bill of £192.7million behind manchester united (£205m).	chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest wage payers with £192.7m.
radamel falcao could still sign permanently for manchester united.	chief executive ed woodward held talks with monaco on sunday.	but woodward told monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev last sunday that they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently.
rafael may have played his last game for manchester united.	the 24-year-old was hurt by a stray knee from leicester's anthony knockaert.	however, his damaged ribs are expected to rule him out for six weeks.
manchester united have put forward an opening £21.5million offer for dortmund captain mats hummels.	germans value their captain at £35million but in united's favour he has had a relatively poor season occasionally clashing with supporters when results went against them earlier this season.	german paper bild have reported the bid has been placed but sportsmail understands the offer has n't gone in yet.
louis van gaal has been hugely impressed with carrick's contribution.	manager louis van gaal has been impressed with carrick's contribution to the team.	van gaal has identified borussia dortmund's ilkay gundogan as a long-term successor to carrick.
adam federici will put his wembley blunder behind him when reading take on birmingham in the sky bet championship, according to manager steve clarke.	the australian goalkeeper let a tame alexis sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as the royals were narrowly beaten 2-1 by arsenal in saturday's fa cup semi-final.	it was a cruel blow for federici, who had kept the gunners at bay with a string of fine saves.	but reading boss clarke is confident the 30-year-old will bounce back.
reading goalkeeper adam federici has taken to twitter to apologise for his crucial gaffe in saturday's fa cup semi-final defeat to arsenal.	the 30-year-old, who was' inconsolable' after the match, has received unwavering support from his manager and team-mates but issued an apology to reading's fans.	adam federici tries in vain to stop alexis sanchez's strike from going over the line in saturday's fa cup game.
alexis sanchez is developing a fondness for wembley stadium.	gunners forward wheels away after opening the scoring in the 2-1 defeat of reading on saturday.	sanchez has emerged from a more subdued mid-season with three strikes in his last three matches.
roy keane described paris saint-germain defender david luiz as' lost' following his woeful first-half performance against barcelona on tuesday night.	the £50million former chelsea man was at fault for both goals as psg crashed out of the champions league with little more than a whimper.	keane, known as one of punditry's scariest characters, is n't usually one for holding back when it comes to opinions.
uefa has published champions league regulations for next season confirming a seeding change to reward national league winners.	top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions league winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries.
bayern munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate on tuesday to move into the champions league.	pep guardiola said he was aware of what he needed to deliver at the five-time european champions for who a league and german cup double was just not enough.	thiago alcantara jumps highest to head the home side in front on 14 minutes.
pep guardiola was left purring at bayern munich's first-half performance against porto.	the bayern munich players celebrate in front of their fans after the 6-1 demolition of porto on tuesday night.	pep guardiola looks animated as he issues instructions from the touchline at the allianz arena.	guardiola talks to captain philipp lahm as mario gotze resigned as they felt they were blamed for the first-leg defeat.
former arsenal footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.	campbell has threatened to leave the country if the party wins the election.	but it is possible the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect.
luis enrique's team brushed aside paris saint-germain 2-0 at the nou camp to reach the semi-finals.	luis enrique has strong chance of matching pep guardiola’s treble-winning debut season.	luis suarez has the blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi.
west ham are discussing a deal for jamaican starlet deshane beckford.	the 17-year-old forward was invited to train with west ham's academy earlier this month.	beckford has been linked with a host of european clubs.
west ham confident that the deal to move into the olympic stadium does not contravene domestic or european legislation and' categorically' stated that it does not constitute state aid.	fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to west ham on tuesday, when it was suggested the deal may contravene european state aid law.	david sullivan, boris johnson, karren brady, sir robin wales and david gold at the olympic stadium.
andres iniesta has responded to his critics by claiming he' never went away' following a vintage first-half performance in barcelona's 2-0 win over paris saint-germain on tuesday night.	the spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season.	but iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes in his side's champions league quarter-final second-leg victory over psg with a mesmeric run and pass for neymar to score his first goal of the evening at the camp nou.	iniesta has been forced to play a deeper role this season.
kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2.	the appointment will be welcomed by both camps.	referee kenny bayless will be among the three wise men scoring a fight which most expect to go the 12-round distance.
kenny bayless has been named as the third man in the ring when floyd mayweather and manny pacuiao meet in the match being billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history.	bayless will need little introduction to either fighter, having previously worked five of mayweather's bouts and seven of pacquiao's.
barry hawkins kept his nerve to clinch a final frame decider over matthew selt in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield.	the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on monday with a 7-2 overnight lead.	but selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from hawkins saw him into the second round with a 10-9 win.	selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback, however he was unable to progress to the second round.
john higgins and graeme dott led the scottish charge on sunday at the betfred world championship.	the 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session as he coasted home against gloucester potter milkins, who took the match beyond its evening interval but was thoroughly outplayed.	higgins has sprung back to competitive form level this year.
green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year’s tournament.	the winner’s share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency.	anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £17,000.
andy murray tied the knot with kim sears on saturday at dunblane cathedral.	thousands gathered on the streets around the cathedral and close friends.	kim shows her delight after making his way out of the cathedral.
real madrid has all been knocked out of the champions league.	there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved.	xabi alonso will be lining up for bayern munich looking for his third champions league triumph.
txiki begiristain was on the 10.30am lufthansa flight out of manchester for munich on tuesday morning.	manchester city are keen for bayern munich manager pep guardiola to become their new manager in 2016.	guardiola speaks with midfielder bastian schweinsteiger during bayern's training session on monday.
bayern munich beat atletico madrid 3-1 in the champions league quarter-final.	xabi alonso will have his eyes on a very special record.	alonso won the champions league in his first season at liverpool.	alonso was part of carlo ancelotti's side to take the title.
sam allardyce gives fourth official robert madley a piece of his mind during west ham's defeat.	the hammers boss was incensed that eliaquim mangala was not penalised for a foul against stewart downing.	referee anthony taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play.
west ham beat manchester city 2-0 at the etihad on sunday.	carl jenkinson holds off the challenge from jesus navas.	west ham were never in the game at the etihad stadium.	jenkinson felt the visitors paid the price for their mistakes.
glenn roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at sheffield wednesday.	roeder and former hull city chairman adam pearson are joining head coach stuart gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the owls to the premier league.	the off-field team has been put in place by dejphon chansiri, the thai tycoon who recently bought the club from milan mandaric.
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa as they reached the fa cup final.	rigor mortis was setting in when he took over the club, but now the muscles are being flexed.	sportsmail looks at five reasons for sherwood’s success.
martina hingis made a courageously impressive return to big-time singles tennis in the fed cup on saturday but was eventually outplayed by agnieszka radwanska.	the 34-year-old brought back memories of her heyday in a thrilling 48-minute first set before capitulating 6-4 6-0 to world number nine radwanska after 76 enjoyable minutes.
bayern munich have joined manchester united and liverpool in the race to sign memphis depay.	the psv eindhoven star's talents have been compared to those of a young cristiano ronaldo by ronald de boer, who also claims united could have the edge over liverpool in a battle for the holland forward.	de boer has played a starring role in psv's eredivisie title success this season.	he is the subject of offers from liverpool and paris st germain while united.
fa say the dates of the semi-final were known at the start of the season.	both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders.	sky and the bbc scheduling the marquee chelsea vs manchester united league match against the fa cup semi-final between reading and arsenal.
louis van gaal's team are coming for chelsea and this is what english football needs.	van gaal revealed that he had 11 disappointed faces looking up at him in the dressing room, with the sunken eyes of united's players pleading with him to explain how they had come to be beaten.	van gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by chelsea.
jose mourinho claims eden hazard has joined lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo.	hazard scored chelsea's 38th minute winner against manchester united.	hazard has been in superb form for chelsea this season.
liverpool have been given the go-ahead to install a privacy screen.	the club proposed a 4.5metre fine mesh screen to be installed and liverpool city council planning committee has given its approval on tuesday.	liverpool have been given permission to install a 4.5metre fine mesh privacy screen at their melwood base.
juventus monitoring raheem sterling's situation at liverpool.	juventus are monitoring liverpool wideman raheem sterling as the serie a side look to strengthen.	juventus are all among sterling's admirers with offers of up to £50million.
steven gerrard hoped his liverpool career would end at wembley but now the curtain will fall in stoke.	liverpool captain steven gerrard looks to the sky in frustration during liverpool's fa cup defeat by aston villa.	gerrard was the denied the opportunity of ending his liverpool career in this season's fa cup final at wembley.
steven gerrard has already agreed to join mls side la galaxy.	brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars who will leave anfield.	manager brendan rodgers is yet to agree a new contract with wolfsburg planning a move for him.
amir khan could be set to face manny pacquiao on may 2.	the initial lure has been mayweather in abu dhabi, united arab emirates.	now he glimpses manny pacquiao is on the cards for abu dhabi.	khan, the stand-by for pacquiao had mayweather refused the fight of the century.
michael conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the world series of boxing.	both belfast boxers were in action for the italia thunder franchise in venezuela on saturday night.	barnes delivered in style, extending his undefeated wsb record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight yoel finol.
manny pacquiao will be wearing the world's most expensive shorts.	he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2.	the pacman's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m).
sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of premier league fixtures, as well as intriguing statistics from the football league.	frank lampard’s role at manchester city was always planned as being just a bit part player.	but maybe the 36-year-old should have started more games.	jagielka is the only central defender in the premier league not to have been shown at least one card.
liverpool's fa cup semi-final defeat has put the club under scrutiny and guaranteed this campaign will be judged a failure.	the burning ambition at anfield is for liverpool to be champions league regulars with the potential to win the barclays premier league.
tom cleverley has hailed tim sherwood's style and insists aston villa's attacking gambles are paying off.	the midfielder helped villa reach the fa cup final after their 2-1 last-four victory over liverpool on sunday.	christian benteke and fabian delph scored to cancel out philippe coutinho's opener as villa booked a final showdown with arsenal on may 30.
david moyes has revealed that chelsea were close to signing wayne rooney during his ill-fated tenure as manchester united manager.	moyes, who gave rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at everton, succeeded sir alex ferguson in the summer of 2013.	rooney has been a vital cog in louis van gaal's new-look united outfit this season.
wayne rooney and louis van gaal took consolation in defeat after manchester united's performance in the 1-0 loss at chelsea.	wayne rooney was happy with his side's display at stamford bridge despite the negative result.	louis van gaal labelled his side's performance against rivals chelsea as their best display of the season.
jose mourinho will have confirmed his mastery of the premier league with a third title in five attempts at the trophy and chelsea will be crowned champions.	the clue that was the decisive game was in the manic nature of the second half.	hazard's low shot squirms past de gea as defenders chris smalling and paddy mcnair watch on helplessly.
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season.	he demonstrated just how much he has grown as a player and how important he has been to chelsea’s imminent title victory.	he is now the player you look to in a crisis.
john terry is adamant that there is still work to be done if they are to clinch the premier league title.	jose mourinho's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table after eden hazard's goal was enough to beat manchester united.	but when asked if the title was already in the bag, the blues skipper was steadfast.	eden hazard fires past united keeper david de gea to put chelsea ahead.
jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against chelsea.	eden hazard’s first-half goal gave the league leaders a 1-0 win over manchester united.	but there was controversy when united were denied a late penalty.	mourinho took the opportunity to pick at an old wound in his long-running feud.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in the premier league on saturday.	eden hazard scored the only goal at stamford bridge to move the league leaders within two wins of being crowned champions.	john terry leads the chelsea celebrations after saturday's victory against manchester united.
marouane fellaini has been in brilliant form for manchester united in recent weeks.	goalkeeper thibaut courtois has revealed chelsea have a plan to deal with him.	united travel to stamford bridge hoping to put a spanner in the works.
chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court.	maguire celebrates his late strike as the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf.	maguire was cleared of fouling callum wilson in the second half.
steve clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist.	his reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents.	they backed off and offered a little too much respect to the team.
steven gerrard grew up, so paul scholes is in unfamiliar territory.	club scholes co-owns with former manchester united team-mates ryan giggs, gary neville, phil neville and nicky butt.	gary neville and paul scholes attending the salford city game at home to clitheroe town on saturday.
radamel falcao has struggled at old trafford this year.	goals have been hard to come by for the colombian, with just four being netted by the striker this season in a united shirt having signed on a season-long loan from monaco.	but not only has falcao failed to score since january 31.
andres iniesta praised manchester united boss louis van gaal.	van gaal was barca manager when iniesta made his debut for spanish club.	spain international has admitted he is grateful to van gaal for placing trust in him to make his senior debut.	iniesta also admitted he took great joy in defeating chelsea and manchester united.
manchester united are to introduce the living wage at old trafford in july.	staff at old trafford will be paid at least £7.85 an hour early.	but united officials have decided to implement the salary a year.
wayne rooney wants to put a smile back on the faces of manchester united fans by claiming victory in sunday's derby against city at old trafford.	the 29-year-old is the leading united scorer in derby history with 11 goals, the most famous of which came in 2011 when he scored an acrobatic late winner in a 2-1 victory for united at old trafford.	wayne rooney knows manchester united will be playing for' pride' against rivals manchester city.
manchester united beat manchester united in the uefa cup 20 years ago.	the team from the volga region of russia were competing in the second division.	volgograd is one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 world cup.	rotor volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt.
jose mourinho might have called it poetic justice as ashley barnes was sent off on the stroke of half-time to deliver a major blow to burnley's prospects of staying in the premier league.	burnley were left feeling hard-done-by as referee mike jones denied them a couple of possible penalties and more significantly allowed kevin mirallas to stay on the pitch for a tackle worse than anything barnes did.	all that would be called karma in mourinho's book.
everton manager roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after ross barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against burnley at goodison park.	the untried barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick – awarded for a foul by david jones on aaron lennon – rather than leighton baines, who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league.	barkley's effort is saved by burnley goalkeeper tom heaton at goodison park.
everton forward steven naismith has won the barclays spirit of the game award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community.	the 28-year-old has worked with the likes of job centre plus, dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool, to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career.	naismith (centre) recieved the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community.
roberto martinez sees a fearlessness in relegation-threatened burnley similar to that displayed by his wigan team in surviving against the odds in the premier league.	the clarets head to goodison park having beaten manchester city, drawn against tottenham.	martinez believes the fact they have been scrapping to get out of the bottom three seasons he spent with them before joining the toffees.	burnley have shown to every team they play on the front foot.
manny pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his impending bout with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2.	he uploaded a picture to instagram of one of the shirts made ahead of his fight with floyd mayweather.	pacquiao wrote' get your fight shirts now at maypacgear.com,' alongside the t-shirt that features him glaring out of the centre.	mayweather and pacquiao's fight is reportedly set to generate a mouth-watering $300million (£205million).
manny pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the fans earlier this week.	the fight was always going to be a tough ticket, with announced prices of £1,000 to £5,000 in the 16,500-seat grand garden arena.	mayweather's promoter said tuesday that tickets would go on sale this week for the may 2 fight.
jamie redknapp and thierry henry are getting involved as they went face-to-face in the studio.	redknapp says:' my friend thierry henry thinks he can beat me in a head-to-head.	we're going to find out right now ; henry remains cool.	mayweather will take on his greatest rival as he bids to maintain his unbeaten record'.
tim sherwood will consider selling christian benteke this summer if aston villa’s star striker insists he wants to leave the club.	benteke has two years left on his contract once this season is completed and harbours ambitions to play in europe.	villa are believed to value benteke at upwards of £25million and wolfsburg have monitored his situation.
martin skrtel has praised the impact and example gerrard has set during his time at liverpool.	reds captain gerrard is aiming to end his liverpool career by making the fa cup final and beating arsenal.	skrtel was signed by rafael benitez from zenit st petersburg seven years ago.
brendan rodgers has urged liverpool to turn wembley back into' anfield south'.	the northern irishman believes an fa cup semi-final victory over aston villa would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality.	rodgers is looking to lead liverpool to an eighth fa cup victory and his first piece of silverware since replacing kenny dalglish as manager in 2012.
stoke boss mark hughes has claimed tom jones is costing them a spot in the europe league via the fair play league.	the potters' faithful have been singing jones' song' delilah' as their unofficial club anthem since the 1980s.	mark hughes believes tom jones' song' delilah' is costing them a spot in the europe league.	stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table.
zlatan ibrahimovic and dimitri payet have had their respective suspensions for abusing ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece.	ibrahimovic was heard swearing as he walked towards the changing room after psg's loss against bordeaux.	ibrahimovic was angered by suggestions his remarks were also derogatory to france as a whole and claimed his words had been' twisted'.
luis enrique has urged his players to shut the champions league out of their minds and concentrate on extending their lead at the top of the la liga table on saturday.	barcelona boss luis enrique has urged his side to switch their attention back to the la liga title race.	barcelona midfielder andreas iniesta has been ruled out for barca.
luis suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice.	barcelona forward scored a brace in his side's 3-1 win over psg.	luis suarez scored twice as barca put themselves in control of the tie.
laura robson took the opportunity to cool down in the florida heat.	the former british no 1 has not played since the 2014 australian open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist.	but robson, who has been training in tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month's french open at roland garros.
uefa and fifa say that is direct government interference in football.	greek government has put forward a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in european competition.	uefa general secretary gianni infantino says they are not allowed to interfere with football.
gareth bale took to facebook to upload a picture of himself on an exercise bike.	the wales international injured his calf during saturday's 3-1 win against malaga.	carlo ancelotti will also be without first-team regulars karim benzema and luka modric for the tie.
stephan lichtsteiner could tell eden hazard and paul pogba were going to be special after training with them.	the defender has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing.	lichtsteiner was part of the juventus team that won 1-0 in turin last week against monaco in the champions league quarter-final first leg.
leonardo jardim believes monaco's coach is very proud of his players.	leonardo jardim says monaco's coach is proud of what he has achieved in his 10 months at the helm.	principality club host juventus at the stade louis ii on wednesday.
atletico madrid boss diego simeone believes english football needs to' wake up'.	diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in europe.	chelsea, arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the champions league.	everton were dumped out of the europa league in the same round.
robin van persie and jonny evans enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game.	dutch forward van persie has been out for six games due to suspension.	rafael and adnan januzaj both limped off in the 32nd minute.
nathaniel clyne has already decided his future lies elsewhere as he continues to stall on a new contract.	the saints are in talks with the defender's representatives over an extension, with those discussions reaching a crucial stage.	clyne has attracted interest from several top clubs including manchester untied.
everton have joined newcastle, crystal palace and southampton.	the toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer.	everton were among premier league clubs who watched club brugge's 19-year-old forward obbi oulare on sunday.
gianfranco zola is one of a number of candidates on the list.	the italian was at griffin park on saturday for the draw against bolton.	current boss mark warburton is to leave the club next month.
queens park rangers goalkeeper rob green is good enough to challenge england no 1 joe hart for a place in the national team.	rob green trains ahead of qpr's premier league match against his former club west ham on saturday.	green has won 12 england caps but made a calamitous error in the world cup against usa in 2010.
memphis depay has held talks with paris st germain this week.	psg and depay represents a threat to the premier league clubs with the qatari-backed french club understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than liverpool.	united have yet to hold detailed talks with the player but have informed psv of their wish to do so.
thierry henry has hit out at javier hernandez for celebrating his late champions league winner against atletico madrid' like he had just won the world cup’.	the real madrid striker sent home fans into raptures when he swept in a pass from cristiano ronaldo with just two minutes left to play.	hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own following his winner but henry feels the forward, on loan from manchester united, owes all the credit to his team-mate.
thierry henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views on javier hernandez's celebration, by posting an 84-minute compilation video of michael laudrup's passing.	former arsenal striker henry now a pundit for sky sports, took exception to hernandez celebrating' like he'd won the world cup' after scoring the winning goal for real madrid on wednesday night.	the three-time world player of the year could have shot with two minutes to go in real madrid's champions league quarter-final second leg.
luis suarez has made a rapid adjustment to life at the catalan club.	the uruguayan arrived under a cloud following his ban for biting at last year's world cup.	barca face paris saint-germain on tuesday looking to book a place in the champions league semi-finals with a 3-1 lead from the first leg in which suarez struck twice.
amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york on may 29 at the barclays center in new york on friday, may 29.	the bolton-born fighter takes on algieri at the barclays center in new york, may 30 and sky sports are expected to screen both events.	brook defends his world welterweight title against frankie gavin at london’s 02 arena on saturday.
ricky hatton knows that manny pacquiao has the style to beat floyd mayweather in the fight of the century.	the hitman also considers that having freddie roach in his corner gives the pacman a massive advantage over the money man, who is trained by his father, floyd snr.	when it comes to the half-billion-dollar crunch on may 2 in las vegas, hatton expects mayweather will' find a way to win.
kell brook has finally landed the battle of britain he craved, but will take on frankie gavin on may 30.	the welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for kevin mitchell and lee selby while anthony joshua faces his toughest test to date against kevin johnson.	brook posing on the train as he headed to london for the announcement of his fight.
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010.	the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it eventually fell through.	but after half a decade of speculation, the pair will finally go head-to-head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao has been released with less than a month until the two meet in las vegas.	the marketing team for both mayweather and pacquiao put together the 30-second clip, filmed in a los angeles studio on march 11.	it shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road in the advert.
floyd mayweather has claimed he is a better fighter than muhammad ali.	mayweather, who takes on manny pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on may 2, is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound no 1.
manny pacquiao ordered an end to the discussion when he realised many more than promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines.	arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins, during which the same questions are often asked over and over again by different callers, many from the social media.	manny pacquiao had just said ‘ very good’ in response to an opening question about how well training camp was going.
amir khan has been showing off his lightning quick technique with an impressive party trick using no more than an empty plastic bottle.	during a training session the bolton-born fighter took a break from using the speed ball before finishing off a bottle of milkshake.	khan then flipped the empty bottle up, unleashed a flurry of punches as he kept the bottle in the air.
blackpool chairman karl oyston took a surprising step in denying five football association charges for text messages during which he labelled a supporter a ‘retard’.	the unpopular chief initially had until march 30 to reply, but was granted an extension.	his appeal is expected to be heard by a separate fa panel next month and oyston still faces a ban from football activities.
ronny deila has called for caley thistle’s josh meekings to be spared a scottish cup final ban despite his controversial handball.	the celtic boss admitted the 2-1 premiership victory at dundee had helped him bounce back from what he described as the toughest day of his career at hampden on sunday.	but although his club’s treble ambitions were shattered as a result of the meekings’ incident in the semi-final defeat to inverness.
poland international maciej rybus is being followed by hull and swansea.	stan ternent, hull's chief scout has watched the 25-year-old playing for russian side terek grozny.	rybus impressed during poland's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland.
manchester city will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer.	the proof that city have belief in english players was evident in monday night’s fa youth cup final where four of their starting line-up against chelsea were born in manchester.	manuel pellegrini watched city's academy in their fa youth cup final against chelsea.
mauricio pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players based on past success.	mauricio pochettino insists he will not flood tottenham's first team squad with players from the academy next season.	but pochettino says he will cautious in his approach to blooding more youngsters.
gary johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to try and bring the best out of his players.	he wrote' i promise to do all i can to keep cheltenham town in the league' on an a3 sheet of paper and asked his players to put their signature on it.	cheltenham town manager gary johnson got every payer to pledge to give his all when he took over.
tranmere's only professional sports outfit are one point behind cheltenham.	the fear involves dropping out of the football league a week on saturday.	micky adams, who was announced on sunday morning to have left the club by' mutual consent'.
micky adams has left tranmere by mutual consent with just two games of the season to play.	rovers suffered a fourth consecutive defeat on saturday.	tranmere manager micky adams has left his role at prenton park following his side's defeat by oxford.
sky bet league one after lucas akins scored both goals in their 2-1 win at morecambe.	jimmy floyd hasselbaink's side are up as, despite fourth-placed bury still being able to catch them, third-placed wycombe - who have played more than the shakers - can not.	damien mccrory saw his 28th-minute penalty kept out by andreas arestidou but just two minutes later akins slotted through the goalkeeper's legs having been played through by stuart beavon.
steven gerrard and frank lampard will be awarded with prestigious special merit awards by the pfa on sunday as the curtain falls on their illustrious premier league careers.	the pair's careers in england are drawing to a close with gerrard and lampard leaving for america at the end of the season.	gerrard and lampard have been stalwarts of the english game for the past decade.
napoli coach rafa benitez says he is to return to the premier league.	the former chelsea manager has yet to sign a contract extension with napoli.	the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season.
rafael benitez has received fresh criticism of his waistline ahead of napoli's crucial serie a fixture with sampdoria.	the spaniard has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria after it emerged that sinisa mihajlovic - the current blucerchiati boss - is being lined up to replace benitez at napoli.	sampdoria travel to face napoli on sunday trailing benitez's side by three points.
javier hernandez struck in the 88th minute to send madrid through and fierce rivals atletico madrid out.	sky pundit thierry henry criticizing him for not immediately running to cristiano ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal.	javier hernandez (left) scores to send real madrid into the champions league semi-final.
west ham manager sam allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for aaron cresswell.	cresswell, 25, has been a consistent performer for the hammers since signing from ipswich for £2million last summer.
elliot kear is back in rugby league after signing for london broncos.	the 26-year-old winger has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh.	kear will be available for sunday's home game against dewsbury.
james lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the rugby football league's anti-doping regulations.	the 29-year-old former dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by uk anti-doping (ukad) after a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last november returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors.	lockwood has been banned for two years after failing a doping test.
bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised during sunday's ladbrokes challenge cup fifth-round defeat by hull kr.	the championship club say three cars were broken into and damaged within the richard dunn sports centre car park, situated opposite the provident stadium, odsal, and the bulls are appealing for witnesses.	bulls' stadium manager mark leadbeater said:' we are working closely with bradford council, richard dunn sports centre and west yorkshire police in order to get to the bottom of this.
twickenham will stage a thunderous collision between two french juggernauts in 13 days’ time.	toulon’s crusade to win an unprecedented third successive european title nearly stalled at stade velodrome on sunday.	habana intercepted ian madigan's long pass to race away unopposed at stade velodrome.	leinster full back rob kearney beats toulon flanker juan fernandez lobbe to a high ball in the first-half.
ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38.	salford are without rangi chase, weller hauraki, cory paterson and darrell griffin through suspension, while scrum-half michael dobson (knee), centre junior sa'u and winger ben jones-bishop on the sidelines.	salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38.
martin fletcher has done with his book fifty-six, the story of the bradford fire.	it was a day i have often tried to forget, but it was the one i must always remember.	what i did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire was caused deliberately.
bradford city defeated promotion from the old english third division.	bradford city's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265.	30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at bradford's ground in 1985.
new book claims the fire at bradford's valley parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman stafford heginbotham, who died in 1995.	popplewell's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand.	he stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson.
gerry sutcliffe says new allegations surrounding the bradford city fire in 1985 claimed 56 lives do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster.	a new book claims that the fire at valley parade was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman stafford heginbotham, who died in 1995.	the judge ruled the fire was started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand.
paul smith and andre ward are set to be concluded this week.	the fight will be staged in oakland, california, will run over the 12-round distance.	liverpool boxer paul smith is in line to take on andre ward on june 20.
carl froch's dream of a swansong fight in las vegas against julio cesar chavez jr looks to have gone up in smoke after the former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara.	the 37-year-old super-middleweight, who has not fought since knocking out george groves in their re-match at wembley last may, had hoped to be back in action last month against chavez but an elbow injury scuppered his plans.	chavez was knocked down in the ninth and although he managed to survive until the end of the round.
manchester city may have big plans to revamp the team in the summer.	yaya toure and samir nasri among the high-profile casualties.	yaya toure has been a shadow of the player who fired manchester city to last season's title.
patrick vieira has the backing of manchester city players to replace manuel pellegrini as manager.	pellegrini's future at the etihad stadium is under scrutiny following a largely disappointing campaign.	vieira would be a candidate to take over from pellegrini should the city board decide to make a change.
john lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital.	the victim, john lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital, swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile.	the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course.
young women no longer compare themselves to celebrities in glossy magazines.	facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, psychologists at the university of new south wales in australia found.
nicholas tooth, 25, was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday.	he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a first grade rugby game has been described by his club as a well-respected player and all round' good bloke'.	he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on sunday.
russian youtuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road, crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake.	the eerie phenomenon is called an' earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide.	in the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road.
julie stauch and sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy all appear in on the video.	they are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement.	bagniewski, who lost in 2013, is also said to be in talks with martin o’malley’s people and may support him.	however, their plans for this year may not involve actually supporting clinton's white house bid.
an icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour.	the duo say that insects are a largely untapped source of nutrients in the western world.	they hope their product could spark a change in diet habits.
samsung famously poked fun at apple when it emerged its iphone 6 plus could bend out of shape in people's pockets.	the company has now responded with its own video, demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its galaxy s6 models.	the video was released by third-party warranty firm squaretrade, and has since been criticised by samsung.
dermatologist dr sandra lee is dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland, california, and a regular guest on the doctors talk show.	but online she is known simply as dr pimple popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her youtube channel.	the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit.
woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a philadelphia football game earlier this month.	video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube.
bus monitor karen huff klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in greece, new york in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012.	she tried to ignore the boys calling her fat, ugly and poor but was seen wiping away her tears.	now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs.
indonesian president joko widodo confirmed' it will only be a matter of time'.	the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however.	president widodo said he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals, the executions would take place upon their conclusion.
the 40-second-video recorded by haim kaplan at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania.	baboons robbed a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach.	the driver makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him.
the craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square.	in a method reminiscent of edward scissorhands's trimming of a hedge, canine hairdressers in the taiwanese capital taipei are giving particularly furry customers.
jack wilshere may rub shoulders with the likes of alexis sanchez and mesut ozil on a daily basis but he was left starstruck on thursday evening when he met brazil legend pele.	both wilshere and pele, along with glenn hoddle, are clients and the england international made sure his fans knew about their meeting by posting several tweets.	wilshere was given the' honour to interview the legendary pele' and asked twitter questions from fans.
adam prowse, 34, was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from michael jackson’s do n't stop'til you get enough to pharrel williams' happy, while on his round in exeter, devon.	captioned' some say adam prowse delivers in style', the original video shows the postman exiting his vehicle and gyrating with customer nichola sullings 57, of exeter.
scott kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water.	the video maker later noted that the pelican looked majestic, content and relaxed at this point in the clip.
little is known about the origin or history of the ancient tuscan town that dates back to the 11th century a.d.	the ancient tuscan settlement based 40 miles south east of genoa is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown.	seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced residents to flee their homes more than 60 years ago.
barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director.	it is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, la llotja.	it is thought a competition will decide what project is set in the 17th century building.
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section.	sights along the way include scenic landmarks such as kurobe dam, hot springs and the hida mountains.	one of the most popular activities is to ascend the 9891ft high summit of mount tateyama, one of japan's highest peaks.
scientists from the university of alberta in canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all.	their study finds the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones.	the study also found that the knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and that immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash.
the three-and-a-half minute video, titled' never letting him book a hotel again’' offers a glimpse into every traveller’s nightmare – dirty rooms, antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool no one would dare to enter.	with scenes reminiscent of the inbetweeners films, the video was created by patrick miller and his friend, damien, who stayed at the family-run hotel last week.	patrick said in the video, which has thousands of views on facebook and youtube.
the welsh fort, off the coast of tenby, will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea.	planners are due to approve a new footbridge, which will stretch more than 328 ft (100 metres).	this connector will open up the island from the coast of tenby, pembrokeshire, for the first time.
incredible footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia.	shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies.	other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage.	it's not the first instance where passengers decided to relax on the baggage reclaim.
named cats and people, the cafe based in moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea.	all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.	customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview.
the dog named teeny is captured on video sat opposite eric ko.	the pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively.	eric then says ‘kiss’ and the dog reaches out to high-five him with both paws.
former england rugby captain lewis moody was forced to make an emergency landing in the arctic.	moody, 36, is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise £250,000 for charity, and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.	the team will battle extreme temperatures of between -25c and -50c as well as dragging 60kg sledges.
a lion had an unfortunate accident when it got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the netherlands.	zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild.	visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the lion desperately tries to set itself free.
comedy sketch follows' jeff randl', who travels to' sweden' to compete in verbier.	some viewers said they were offended or didn’t find humour in the show’s over-the-top depiction of americans on the slopes in switzerland.	jeff, portrayed by one of the french-language show’s presenters, is a blonde, mop-haired snowboarder who tells the camera he has travelled from lake forest, california to ‘sweden’ to compete in the freeriding event.
steven sloan, joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island, washington.	the group believe that the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them.
turia pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she competed in an ultra-marathon in kimberley in september 2011.	the 27-year-old said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire when she competed in an ultra-marathon in september 2011.	ms pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
michael carrick has made nine competitive starts for england.	he played in the match against ecuador at the 2006 world cup.	carrick was hailed as an impressive performance for england.	carrick has also been impressive in manchester united's midfield under louis van gaal.
fa announced this week that england are pulling out of the event with immediate effect in order to achieve a more varied fixture list, including more foreign opposition.	england have pulled out of the home nations international under 16 tournament.	sky say their recommendations, including shortening the time between games, would have raised the profile of an historic competition that first took place in 1925.
ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england.	but the work parameters will not appear on the ecb website or that of headhunters sports recruitment international, as would be the normal procedure.
premier league clubs are now so wealthy through their tv deals that they can afford to turn down a title sponsorship worth £45million a year.	guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of £135m over three years, a £5m-a-year increase on the payments from barclays, whose 15-year partnership with the premier league will finish at the end of next season.
steve peters, the sports psychiatrist called on by a number of top stars, will play a key role in keeping troubled england batsman jonathan trott focused in the caribbean.	trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the ashes tour — falling cheaply in both innings in the first test in antigua and finding his ‘ on the move’ batting technique under strong scrutiny.
ecb are going to instigate a recruitment process involving head hunters sport recruitment international, who would be expected to suggest some overseas candidates as well as the trio already in the frame.	alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb over the role of england cricket director.
ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in next month’s general election.	thorpe revealed during the england lions tour of south africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago.
england cricket team's involvement with allen stanford has been defended by west indies cricket legend sir curtly ambrose.	great fast bowler ambrose launched his aptly titled autobiography time to talk on the eve of the west indies-england series.	the england cricket team's involvement with allen stanford has been defended by sir curtly ambrose.	stanford's deal with england england ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence.
england cricket board chairman giles clarke chose one of the most prestigious cricket occasions of the year, the wisden almanack launch, to make a complete fool of himself.	clarke arrived upset that the new ecb regime had just sacked his england managing director appointment, paul downton, whom he had rashly called a ‘ man of great judgment’.	clarke had been granted a two-page platform in last year’s almanack to explain his icc strategy.
marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator.	she is also abramovich’s day-to-day link with his football team.	she is confirmed to speak at a leaders conference at stamford bridge, her first public appearance.
alex oxlade-chamberlain is acting as his representative since impact sports management.	raheem sterling’s adviser aidy ward is also involved.	calum chambers is on the books at cassius sports management.	jack wilshere’s father andy remains the major influence on his son’s career.
football league board member jim rodwell’s departure from notts county to notts county has created the need for an election for a league one representative as rodwell can not automatically keep his place.	clubs believe that having watkins on the football league board, where ffp is the hot topic, would be helpful for qpr and a massive conflict of interests.
sky sports’ gamble in paying an astonishing £11millon a game to retain their premier league tv rights.	this will see sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced.	sky sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016.
jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea's next generation.	jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea's next generation.	chelsea captain isiah brown celebrates with the trophy after victory in the uefa youth league final.
arsene wenger's gunners now have 15 wins from 17 games since new year's day.	arsene wenger and the players felt they had no hope of winning the title.	arsene wenger were an embarrassment at home and abroad.
louis van gaal has identified michael carrick and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players.	van gaal demands a level of' football intelligence' from his players at manchester united.
raheem sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal.	brendan rodgers has always insisted that the sterling talks would be concluded soon.	rodgers' contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight.
wayne rooney said after the draw in italy on tuesday that carrick was the' best player on the pitch by a mile', and that he' dictated the game' he summed up what england have been missing since he signed for manchester united in 2006.	carrick has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup.	carrick has played in 377 matches for manchester united in his nine seasons.
frank lampard’s infamous ‘ghost’ goal against germany in the 2010 world cup finally brought matters to a head.	celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings.	such was the hullabaloo over the incident involving the portuguese star that crossed the line at old trafford was incredibly missed by all the officials despite keeper roy carroll ending up tangled in the rigging.
celtic are currently five points ahead of aberdeen.	ronny deila’s men looked like a tired team by time-up at hampden.	izaguirre and celtic team-mates john guidetti, nir bitton and scott brown look dejected during semi-final loss.
john hartson was once on the end of a major hampden injustice while playing for celtic.	but he can not see any point in his old club writing to the scottish football association over the latest controversy at the national stadium.	hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2.
gary warren has called for a change to the' ridiculous' rule that will see him banned from a second final in successive seasons.	warren picked up his second booking of the competition in sunday's scottish cup semi-final win over celtic.	but the central defender, who also missed last year's league cup final for the same reason, says either the threshold should be raised.	warren knew instantly that he'd miss the final when ref steven mclean rightly showed him a yellow card.
peter moores has been forced to defend his captain with alastair cook badly needing runs and wins.	england’s failure to win the first test and cook’s failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight.	yet moores, under pressure himself after the sacking of paul downton as managing director, remains steadfast in his backing for cook.
alastair cook says england will leave antigua with' a bit of a downer on' after failing to force victory in the first test against the west indies.	the tourists, chasing a first away win since beating india in december 2012, were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the sir vivian richards stadium, as well as a name-making century from all-rounder jason holder.
jimmy anderson breaking the england test wicket-taking record and bowling england to victory in his 100th test cricket when west indies captain denesh ramdin edged him to his great friend alastair cook at slip.	anderson had finally taken his 384th wicket in test cricket when west indies held on for a draw with nine wickets down.	anderson has had ups and downs since claiming zimbabwe’s mark vermeulen as the most prolific bowler in england’s test history.
tim sherwood kept faith with jack grealish, the 19-year-old academy graduate.	jack grealish runs at liverpool defender martin skrtel in a game where he adapted well to the big stage.	sherwood who wears children’s shinpads and socks rolled down, won two free-kicks for his team through dribbling.	grealish was noticeable for having his socks rolled down, and wears children's shin-pads.
fabian delph was left pinching himself after booking his side's place in the fa cup final at the expense of liverpool.	villa skipper delph set up christian benteke's equaliser after philippe coutinho opened the scoring for the reds.	delph's strike means that tim sherwood's charges will return to wembley to face holders arsenal in next month's showpiece and the former leeds midfielder says it will be a dream come true.
brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities.	brendan rodgers (left) has n't disciplined sterling (pictured) or ibe for the incident.	rodgers, who has steven gerrard available for the fa cup semi-final with aston villa, spoke to sterling and ibe in his office on thursday but neither will be disciplined.
liverpool boss brendan rodgers believes a' very poor decision' by michael oliver's assistant referee was one of the reason's liverpool were knocked out of the fa cup semi-final by aston villa on sunday night.	liverpool striker mario balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside.	replays clearly showed that villa defender leandro bacuna was playing balotelli onside before the italian slid the ball past shay given.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 at the parc des princes.	goals from neymar and luis suarez made sure the la liga leaders travel back to spain.	sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final.
juan mata turns away to celebrate after being substituted by chelsea boss jose mourinho at southampton.	he had done his utmost not to react and placid by nature, but he was visibly distraught despite the consolatory efforts of michael essien behind him.	louis van gaal is getting the best out of juan mata.
england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot in the coming years.	there were no english clubs in the quarter-finals of the champions league.	none of our clubs have reached the last eight in the europa league.
chelsea welcome manchester united on saturday tea-time with the stakes sky-high for the premier league rivals.	louis van gaal's united, meanwhile, have hit top gear and it appears that all roads lead to the champions league.	sportsmail asks 10 key questions ahead of this weekend’s big match….
jose mourinho has said diego costa's recovery from a hamstring injury is going well and the striker could return for next weekend's premier league showdown with arsenal.	costa sustained the injury in the 2-1 home win over stoke city on april 4.	but his recovery has been quicker than expected and the 19-goal frontman will rejoin the squad for training next week.
jose mourinho believes manchester united's injury does not weaken their team.	louis van gaal revealed he will be without marcos rojo, phil jones, michael carrick and daley blind at stamford bridge.	louis van gaal is without a number of key players ahead of the trip to stamford bridge.
wayne rooney may have to revert to a midfield role at stamford bridge.	michael carrick and daley blind were two of four manchester united players ruled out of the clash with chelsea.	louis van gaal described it as' the worst scenario’.
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer.	the 47-year-old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely.	dortmund are preparing for their home bundesliga match with paderborn.
aaron cresswell has impressed for the hammers this summer.	the 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the premier league.	city will have another chance to run the rule over the 25-year-old when west ham travel to the etihad.
joel ward has put pen to paper on a new three-and-a-half year deal.	the 25-year-old has been a mainstay in the first team, making 35 appearances in all competitions.	ward has played 101 times for the eagles since joining from boyhood club portsmouth in may 2012.	ward was signed by then palace manager dougie freedman and he replaced nathaniel clyne (left).
luis suarez will be at the parc des princes tonight, forming one part of football’s most famous three-man attack, looking to fire barcelona into the champions league semi-finals.	the focus will not be on salto’s most famous son.	edinson cavani knows the spotlight will be shining on him this evening.
rosberg complained during a heated press conference that his mercedes team-mate hamilton, the race winner who was sitting next to him as he spoke, had acted ‘selfishly’ in slowing down to such an extent that he (rosberg) could have been caught by sebastian vettel of ferrari.	hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china.	rosberg was a few seconds behind hamilton when the world champion slowed.
niki lauda is fully expecting nico rosberg to turn' nasty' at some stage after accusing the german and team-mate lewis hamilton of being' egocentric b*******'.	hamilton spearheaded a mercedes one-two at the shanghai international circuit, claiming his fourth chinese grand prix victory and the 35th overall of his formula one career.	rosberg, though, effectively accused hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference after the reigning champion slowed in the middle stint of the race to preserve his soft tyres.
hamilton controlled the race in shanghai to seal his second victory in three races.	but rosberg was furious with his mercedes team-mate, accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from ferrari's sebastian vettel.	hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china.
renault managing director cyril abiteboul can understand red bull owner dietrich mateschitz's frustrations and has vowed there will be' no surrender' in a bid to right their current wretched wrongs.	in sunday's chinese grand prix, renault suffered two blown engines as first red bull's daniil kvyat was forced out of the race.	it was yet further embarrassment for renault who are under pressure to perform after red bull's billionaire benefactor mateschitz threatened to pull out of formula one unless the french manufacturer raised their game.
vincent kompany says his mum stopped him moving to manchester united as a teenager.	the belgian international broke into anderlecht's first team at a young age.	kompany admits that his mother insisted he finishes school before to england.	he says' everything has played out perfectly' after he eventually sealed a switch to the premier league in 2008.
manchester city players will lose £500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season.	premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero, david silva, joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to make sure the club stay within financial fairplay requirements.	manuel pellegrini's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules.
cesc fabregas arrives late on to convert eden hazard's pass and secure all three points for chelsea at loftus road.	the masked raider wriggling clear of security in the 88th minute and making his way into the penalty area undetected.	this was the second london heist in a week.
cesc fabregas wore a special protective face mask on sunday.	he scored the winning goal in chelsea's 1-0 victory over qpr.	the spaniard suffered the break during chelsea's win over stoke city.
toby alderweireld has been in superb form for southampton since joining on loan.	the 26-year-old moved to st mary's on a season-long loan, just months after playing for atletico madrid in the champions league final.	ronald koeman's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just £6.8million.
altrincham's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford, but it does have a proud history of its own.	callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a delightful free-kick.	entry was probably as far removed from sunday's big match as you could imagine.
richie benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native australia and for the bbc.	it was hoped he would still be able to commentate on the world cup in australia and new zealand earlier this year but ill-health sadly ended hopes of one last masterclass.
australian prime minister tony abbott has offered benaud's family a state funeral.	benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native australia and for the bbc.	state funerals in australia are generally reserved for politicians.
richie benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer.	benaud was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne's first test delivery for australia in the 1993 ashes.	benaud's cricketing knowledge was matched with sharp turn of humour, an example being when he saw a player get hit by a cricket ball in a place no man wishes to get hit.
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer.	benaud was first and foremost a television broadcaster, a man of unusually wry wit who once responded on air to colleague chris broad’s malapropism without skipping a beat.	but benaud also penned a regular column for the news of the world, taking his place among the hacks.
shane warne hailed richie benaud as the' godfather of cricket' following the former australia captain and broadcaster's death at the age of 84.	benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956 which saw him become the voice of the game in both england and his homeland.	but he was also a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
michael vaughan has confirmed that he has held talks with the ecb over becoming england’s new supremo as the governing body’s new regime move closer to replacing paul downton.	the 2005 ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ecb at thursday’s management board meeting ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart.	vaughan spoke to the ecb about the role on thursday after emerging as the no 1 choice.
kevin pietersen will make his long-awaited return to domestic cricket.	the controversial batsman has been named in surrey's 13-man squad to play oxford university.	pietersen has not played a first-class match since being axed by england.
james faulkner will play in the red rose's lv= county championship matches before joining the australia squad.	faulkner was named man of the match as his country beat new zealand to win the world cup last month, taking three for 36 to help bowl the black caps out for 183 in a seven-wicket victory.	faulkner will join lancashire for the bulk of this summer.
jacques burger will play in saracens' european champions cup semi-final against clermont auvergne on april 18.	the namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a champions cup disciplinary hearing on thursday.	burger then catches machenaud after the ball has gone but the player was low to the floor.
owen farrell hopes to be in contention for saracens' european champions cup semi-final.	the saracens and england international fly-half has been sidelined since suffering a knee ligament injury.	farrell has been out of action since he suffered a knee ligament injury.
elliot daly has been named the aviva premiership’s player of the month for march.	the uncapped wasps centre, 22, scored two tries in march.	daly's form at centre has him pushing incumbent england no 13 jonathan joseph hard for his place.
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ‘ best week of my life’.	the tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday.	harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ‘ best week of my life’.
phil neville was scathing in his assessment of newcastle a fortnight ago when he said that their application during the 3-0 defeat at everton was reminiscent of a set of players with one eye on their summer holidays.	but on sunday they set another record as losers of the last five tyne-wear derbies.	head coach john carver said before the game he promised his men would, they played like a side with their flip-flops on.
adam johnson, 27, has been charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.	adam johnson, the father of a three-month-old daughter, has been accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child.
tareq kamleh called on foreign medics to travel to isis stronghold in raqqa to help launch the ishs (the islamic state health service).	video of kamleh, who refers to himself as abu yusuf, showed him handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope.	kamleh was also recognised by dr stephen napoli, co-owner of the mannum medical centre in south australia.
inter milan manager roberto mancini says reports xherdan shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer are' completely made up'.	the 23-year-old joined the italians from bayern munich in january for a fee in the region of £12million.	the 23-year-old made a fine start to his inter career but has tailed off in recent weeks.	mancini has rubbished the speculation insisting shaqiri can have a big future at inter.
juventus' semi-final with real madrid has been likened to a pair of films with tuttosport comparing the clash to' star wars' complete with cristiano ronaldo and mauro icardi brandishing lightsabers, while corriere dello sport confidently claim it's' mission possible'.	la gazetta dello sport are equally bold in their conviction that the old lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won.	italians have a plan to beat the holders while spain is holding out for a clasico final.
tito vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long battle with cancer.	he was pep guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three la liga titles and two champions league trophies from 2008-12.	vilanova's memory lives on at the club where he played an integral part in its most successful era in its history.
turkish airlines plane lands a second time with the right engine on fire.	the plane slid off the runway after its declaration of emergency landing.	it is believed the right landing gear was damaged on a first landing, that led to the right-hand side fire.
smita srivastava, of allahabad, in the indian state of uttar pradesh, currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india.	her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) – more than three inches longer than the average basketball player.	ms srivastava's hair has made her a local celebrity and she is a regular jury member at a major beauty contest in her hometown.
firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy, a pupil at stanground academy, whose leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole.	it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position in peterborough, cambridgeshire on monday afternoon - and within hours, the accident occurred.	a 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in peterborough.
gareth barry has advised his everton team-mate ross barkley against moving to manchester city at this young stage of his career.	barry speaks from experience having spent four seasons at the etihad before arriving on merseyside and the veteran midfielder believes it is still too early.	ross barkley's rise to stardom has seen him repeatedly linked with premier league champions man city.
ronnie o'sullivan has thrown his name into the mix to replace jeremy clarkson as host of top gear.	the five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars, and he admitted he would' love' to be the presenter of the bbc show.	o'sullivan is looking for another title this week at the crucible.
eden hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders if the chelsea winger is to be considered among the best in the world.	neville says cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are' in outer space' by comparison.	hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm towards the barclays premier league title.
ashley young believes the club will be challenging for the premier league title once more next season.	red devils have endured two mixed campaigns following the retirement of legendary manager sir alex ferguson in may 2013.
prime minister david cameron had brain fade after getting his claret and blue teams mixed up.	prime minister claimed to be a west ham supporter - despite previously stating that he followed aston villa.	prime minister said during a speech on ethnic minorities.
diego costa is not even likely to be named on the bench for chelsea.	jose mourinho said he would make a late decision on costa’s fitness.	but his leading scorer is not in a condition to play at the emirates.
ann price, the creator of the world famous ghetto burger, has passed away.	she was 72.	price was the owner of ann's snack bar in atlanta.	funeral services will be held at gregory b. levett and sons funeral home.
jack grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season.	the 19-year-old having taken time out from national duty seven months ago.	grealish has met ireland manager martin o’neill and held a friendly chat with roy keane after winning the country’s under-21 player of the year award in dublin last month.
maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic, caroline wozniacki, sabine lisicki, caroline wozniacki and maria sharapova strike a pose.	the ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the porsche arena accompanied by a group of school children.	world no 1 serena williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season.
brazilian ace ronaldo and zinedine zidane were joined by a host of former greats including clarence seedorf, fabian barthez, jay-jay okocha and gianluca zambrotta to name a few.	brazilian legend ronaldo takes a touch as he looks to take on bjorn kvarne during the match against poverty.
arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game.	jose mourinho's side rarely troubled david ospina.	sportsmail's sami mokbel gives his verdict from the emirates stadium.	david ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty when he clattered oscar.
eugenie bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy.	her refusal to shake hands with romanian opponent alexandra dulgheru turned out to be the precursor of a dreadful few days for the world no 7.	bouchard refused to shake the hand of alexandra dulgheru before fed cup match at the weekend.	she would be well-advised to avoid this sort of bravado until she starts winning again.
wayne rooney and david de gea made the time to meet supporters.	the trio, along with other squad members such as ashley young and michael carrick, met the fans at their training complex as part of the manchester united foundation' dream day'.	louis van gaal was upset on saturday that john terry appeared to foul.
liverpool's sponsorship deal with standard chartered bank has been extended for three years.	standard chartered signed up as the reds' main sponsor in july 2010.	standard chartered signed up as the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts.	liverpool manager brendan rodgers (right) is still in search of his first trophy with the club.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history.	but they both made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend.	floyd mayweather with girlfriend doralie medina (left) and manny pacquiao with his wife jinkee (right).	she is known as' bad medina' on her social media profiles.
west ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford.	west ham's vice-chairman karren brady visited the club's future home on tuesday.	west ham's vice-chairman karren brady said:' we have always said that the move to our magnificent new stadium would be a game changer for west ham'.
formula one will be big brother for a while hamilton’s in june.	lewis, who suffers from cerebral palsy, is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship.	lewis, whose next race is the spanish grand prix on may 10, admits nicolas shares the family stubborn streak which does not always welcome advice.
san jose grealish played gaelic football to a high standard performance.	villa fan grealish takes on liverpool's emre can at wembley.	grealish wears his socks around his ankles but has to buy kid-sized shinpads to meet safety regulations.
the video, allegedly shot near the capital of sanaa, sees some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand.	the' establishing' of an isis-related group in yemen comes after months of conflict which has seen iran-backed houthi rebels fight both the government and the local al qaeda affiliates.
model and environmental scientist laura wells uses figure to flaunt ocean inspired by the ocean, with coral reef scenes featuring throughout.	the line includes one and two-piece suits, with zippers, criss-cross straps, plunging v-necklines and high-waisted bottoms.
abby bishop's life completely changed when she took in her niece zala.	it was august 2013 and bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn, juggling training with the canberra capitals straight away.	bishop, now 26, said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything.
daley blind posted a picture of the painting on his instagram.	the caption read:' my late birthday gift just arrived! but it was worth waiting for! thanks mom & dad!!' daley blind showed off the impressive portrait that includes images of the father and son together.	blind has proven his worth since his summer move from ajax.
david haye, 34, was arrested at dubai international airport and held in a police cell over a £341,000 bounced cheque, it has been reported.	the boxer also handed over his passport to authorities, and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates.	the cheque, worth 1.8million emirati dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers emaar, which is part-owned by the dubai government.	haye has said the' bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
six chelsea players have been named in the professional footballers' association premier league team of the year.	jose mourinho's men are on the brink of a first title since 2010 and their dominance over the past nine months was highlighted by a cluster of blue shirts in the xi announced by the pfa on sunday.
javier hernandez is undroppable on current form, says real madrid boss carlo ancelotti.	the on-loan manchester united striker made it six goals in eight games.	hernandez's double means he has now scored a goal every 83 minutes.
floyd mayweather take on manny pacquiao on saturday.	the recent explosion of live video streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat have raised the realistic prospect that sky and hbo could miss out on millions as viewers stream the content between their devices without paying.	twitter's periscope app allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers.
andrea pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for juventus, but could n't stop his side from sinking to a 2-1 defeat at local rivals torino.	it was the first time torino had beaten juve in the derby for 20 years.	juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table.
ronnie o'sullivan found himself in more bother at the betfred world championship after making a rude gesture during his second-round match against matthew stevens.	o'sullivan is spoken to by referee marteel in his second round match against matthew stevens.	o'sullivan avoided a fine in the first round when he briefly played without shoes after a new pair proved uncomfortable, breaking the rules but not sufficiently to warrant any punishment.
cesc fabregas was booed by large portions of arsenal supporters upon his return to the emirates.	the appreciative majority overwhelmed the vocal minority to offer a tribute to the phantom of the emirates, one of the finest creative midfielders to have worn an arsenal shirt in the modern era.
ronnie o'sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the crucible audience.	but five-time champion o’sullivan, 39, could now face a fine after breaching snooker’s strict dress code against the 32-year-old from manchester.	o'sullivan played a frame of his encounter against fellow englishman craig steadman in his socks.
england's national saint's day falls on april 23, and a number of footballers were quick to show their pride with a series of photographs and videos.	recently called-up spurs striker harry kane posted a picture to instagram from his time in the white of england.
gary neville has slammed manchester united's performance against everton.	goals from james mccarthy, john stones and kevin mirallas condemned united to their third successive premier league loss at goodison park.	neville branded the red devils' display against everton as their worst for five or six weeks.
louis van gaal accused manchester united's players of lacking desire.	louis van gaal said that his players could not match everton's motivation.	goals from james mccarthy, john stones and substitute kevin mirallas did not flatter everton.
cristiano ronaldo has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece, but even the best in the business occasionally get it wrong.	the portuguese star has trained his sights with long-range attempts, one effort flew wide of the target and into the crowd, striking a young supporter in the front row.	ronaldo offered the young boy the warm-up garment as a consolation for being on the receiving end of his shot.
jose mourinho has launched a fresh verbal attack on arsenal.	the blues produced a defensive master class in a goalless draw at the emirates stadium.	jose mourinho has hit out at arsenal and branded their 11-year wait for the title' boring'.
bayern munich had to make do without four important first-team stars.	pep guardiola's side attempted to overturn a 3-1 deficit against porto on tuesday night.	bayern munich wideman robben was unavailable for the encounter with an abdominal injury.
wayne rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by everton.	the england international was replaced by robin van persie in the 88th minute.	van gaal said that rooney had sustained the injury but that it was too early to know the severity.
pep guardiola wore the top demanding justice for a journalist who died at last summer’s world cup.	guardiola was sporting the top - which read ‘ # justiciaparatopo’ - during his pre-match press conference before bayern munich emphatically dumped porto out of the champions league.	guardiola wore demanding justice for jorge' el topo' lopez who died in a car crash at the world cup.
harry kane capped off an' unreal' season to land the pfa young player of the year 2015 on sunday.	kane has been in superb form for tottenham this season despite starting the campaign as he beat off stiff competition to land the professional footballers' association young player of the year 2015 on sunday.	it's been a memorable breakthrough year for kane, who spent time on loan at leyton orient, millwall, norwich city and leicester city.
chelsea were forced to substitute oscar during the derby.	the brazilian collided with an onrushing david ospina in the 16th minute.	it looked as if the goalkeeper had given away a penalty, but referee michael oliver waved away chelsea's protestation following the painful clash.
chris hala'ufia flattened a streaker and was then sent off for a shoulder charge.	referee tim wigglesworth showed hala'ufia a yellow card and then changed it to red after he had seen him shove pearce's head into the turf.	hala'ufia halted laurence pearce with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the turf, earning him a red card.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao were given a glimpse of the wbc emerald winner’s belt on tuesday when it was unveiled in mexico city.	the emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman at the presentation of the $1m belt in mexico city.	current wbc light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show.
germany's angelique kerber came from a set down to outmuscle caroline wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 on sunday and win the stuttgart grand prix for her second title of the season.	kerber, ranked 14th in the world, completed a memorable week where she beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in previous rounds.
arsenal fan claude callegari insists that the flag should be taken down.	fabregas, who left arsenal for barcelona in 2011, has been enjoying an impressive return to english football in the blue of chelsea.	fabregas is set to start against his former club at the emirates on sunday.
alex oxlade-chamberlain and gary cahill pitted themselves against jack nowell of exeter chiefs and bath's george ford at england rugby's training centre in pennyhill park, bagshot.	oxlade-chamberlain, who used to play scrum-half himself, impressed the rugby stars by taking a quick word of advice before' nailing' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion.	cahill's request to dedicate his kick to st george's day was agreed to by oxlade-chamberlain.
tiger woods gives yao ming a golfing lesson at the nike headquarters in shanghai, china.	the pair met up at nike's headquarters in shanghai where the former houston rockets centre towered over his tutor.	woods has confirmed he will return to the pga tour at the players championship on may 7.
chelsea fans set off blue smoke bombs and covered the arsenal sign outside the emirates.	the four fans labelled themselves the'c-team' while wearing jose mourinho, diego costa, didier drogba and cesc fabregas masks to hide their identity.	the group of prankster called themselves the'c-team' as they carried out their' mission'.
ian poulter shared an instagram picture of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck, accompanied by the caption:' i feel like a pin cushion'.	poulter has just come off a strong finish at the us masters where successive final rounds of 67 saw him finish tied sixth at augusta.	poulter is confident of winning a first tour title since the hsbc champions in 2012.
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney.	the 27-year-old bared all to those at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury, australia during the race.	shinn stood up on his horse to gain momentum as he attempted to ride miss royale to victory.
the man, known only as jason, uploaded the video to youtube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment.	it begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist.	he says:' we have the pliers, they're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver'.
porto's defence was not the only thing to be ripped apart at the allianz arena on tuesday night.	pep guardiola was left with a hole in his trousers.	guardiola's underwear was on show after the incident, and he joked after the champions league clash.
sir alex ferguson's favourite phrase for this scenario,' squeaky bum time'.	algerian football fans are in for an exciting - final few rounds of the season.	the top two teams qualify for next year's caf champions league.
brendan rodgers has vowed to do' what is best' for daniel sturridge.	liverpool striker's injury shows no sign of relenting.	sturridge will again be absent for tuesday night's trip to hull.
groves' boxing acumen does n't just stretch to inside the ring.	the 27-year-old will fight badou jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title.	jack, the las vegas-based fighter, was the underdog for the uic pavilion bout.
floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $1,000 per dish.	chef q, also known as quiana jeffries, took to instagram to show off the food on show.	chef q has been cooking for floyd mayweather since his fight for manny pacquiao.
didier drogba has provided the people of his homeland a lifeline, after the chelsea striker's charity ball raised a staggering £400,000 for his foundation.	drogba celebrated playing his part in chelsea's 1-0 victory over manchester united on saturday night by putting on the event at london's dorchester hotel.	ivorian striker smiles as he attends his charity ball at the swanky dorchester hotel in london.
steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley.	the chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos, many of them as a substitute.	gerrard was disappointing in midfield, as he has been all season.
brendan rodgers insists liverpool’s transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer champions league football.	liverpool were given permission by psv eindhoven to hold with depay.	psv are looking for £25million for depay, who has also been linked with bayern munich.
manchester united defeated manchester united 2-0 in front of the goodison park.	james mccarthy finishes past david de gea to put everton ahead in just the fifth minute.	kevin mirallas slots home everton's third to round off a brilliant display of counter-attacking football.	louis van gaal could scarcely believe what he was seeing as his side found themselves well beaten down.
david beckham used to having his children in the crowd at sporting events.	he was relegated to the role of spectator as son romeo, 12, ran the london mini-marathon.	it is the same three mile course where mo farah and triathlon champions alistair and jonny brownlee kick started their careers.
john terry warned arsenal that they will never win the barclays premier league by playing ‘tippy-tappy football’.	the club’s captain admitted jose mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after christmas.	mourinho's team were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0-0 draw at the emirates.
president of the mgm grand is making a solemn promise to the hundreds of thousands of party-goers already flocking to las vegas for saturday's fight of the century.	the mgm grand is getting ready to host floyd mayweather's showdown with manny pacquiao.
jose mourinho watched fulham under 21s lose to porto u21s.	jose mourinho avoided the champions league fixtures as he watched fulham under 21s 3-0 defeat by porto u21s on wednesday.	mourinho seemed in good spirits as he joked with fulham goalkeeping coach vic bettinelli, whose son marcus plays for the first-team at craven cottage.
edinson cavani found a novel way of burying bad news, as the psg striker overcame another disappointing night's work against barcelona with a day out at the zoo.	the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic during his time in the french capital.
steven thompson has apologised to team-mate john mcginn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole.	the scotland under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season after a prank at saints' renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on thursday.	st mirren's steven thompson acidentally speared team-mate john mcginn with a pole in training last week.
paula radcliffe set the world record of 2:15.25 in the london marathon.	she recorded her third and final victory over the 26.2mile course from blackheath to the mall hand-in-hand with a fellow runner as she wraps up a stellar career.	radcliffe was due to give a bbc interview on tower bridge with denise lewis.
bayern munich legend franz beckenbauer believes jurgen klopp could succeed pep guardiola at the allianz arena.	klopp, who won two bundesliga titles in seven years, has confirmed he will leave borussia dortmund in the summer.	klopp won two bundesliga title in seven seasons with borussia dortmund.
liverpool supporters will stage a protest on tuesday night.	brendan rodgers' side are staying away from the kc stadium.	hull city charged £16 for seats at the kc stadium in december.
thomas muller scored the fourth goal of bayern's 6-1 demolition of porto in the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four.	the germany international uses a megaphone to stir up the fans that remained after the final whistle.	supporters responded to muller's chants as they celebrated the win against porto on tuesday night.
james haskell showed off his inner iron man in a serious-looking instagram post.	the highly-anticipated movie premiered at westfield london shopping centre on tuesday evening with fans queuing up to see the a-list cast which includes robert downey jr., chris hemsworth and scarlett johansson.	haskell posted the image dressed as downey jr.'s character iron man.
andy carroll posted photograph on his instagram showing him posing on an over-sized chair.	the 26-year-old striker suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during west ham's 0-0 draw with southampton.	the 26-year-old has been plagued with injuries since joining west ham permanently.
wladimir klitschko has confirmed that tyson fury will be his next opponent and the unified heavyweight champion says he is ready to travel to england to defend his belts.	the ibf, wba and wbo king ended his seven-year american hiatus by clearly out-pointing bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday night but it was not the dazzling new york display he promised on his stateside return.	klitschko was awarded a unanimous victory over jennings by the judges at madison square garden.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao may only be nine days away from touching gloves but that has n't stopped them rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous.	carey has long been a fan of mayweather having attended his fight against shane mosley in 2010.
michael schumacher's 16-year-old son mick begins his formula 4 career in germany.	schumacher junior is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team in the 2015 adac formula 4 series after impressing during his karting career, finishing second in the world, european and german kart championships last season.	schumacher junior is making his debut in the adac formula 4 series in germany this weekend.
manchester city star has been in good form this season despite his injury problems.	the footwear brand are releasing the evospeed 1.3 graphic, which took inspiration from the japanese dragon.	sergio aguero (left) and marco reus went head-to-head to help the launch the new puma evospeed 1.3.	reus has been linked with a move away from dortmund.
chelsea beat manchester united 2-0 at the emirates.	jose mourinho's side have proved once again that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge.	sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in premier league history.
rory mcilroy says he was beaten even before he took the strain for an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler who made short work of a strength test against the northern irishman.	dalke makes short work of the strength test against the world no 1 golfer who was a guest at a junior event.	mcilroy had run a clinic and offered some inspirational words to players on friday at the sage valley golf club in graniteville, south carolina, sponsored by nike.
chelsea captain john terry is on course to appear in all 38 premier league matches.	blues captain has made an appearance in all 33 premier league games.	blues boss jose mourinho said:' it was the best jt has ever played.	this season, terry has played 2,970 minutes, scoring three goals along the way'.
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4-2 win over celta vigo.	chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes.	real madrid will have hernandez to thanks for tonight's win as his two goals were decisive in their win over celta.
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4-2 win over celta vigo.	chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of leo messi who nets once every 81 minutes.	javier hernandez scored two more important goals for real madrid.
kei nishikori was crowned barcelona open champion for the second consecutive year.	it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese, who again showed his improved endurance as he battled to come out on top against the world number 66.	pique played in barcelona's 2-0 win over espanyol on saturday which kept them top in la liga.
pfa premier league team unveiled on sunday night at the grosvenor house hotel in london.	the side, which is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in england’s top flight, featured six chelsea players, with eden hazard, making the side for the third straight season.	sergio aguero is one of five changes from the pfa team of the year.
chelsea may have six players named in the professional footballers' association premier league team of the year.	but they still have some way to go to catch up with manchester united.	hazard was named the pfa player of the year on sunday afternoon.
bafetimbi gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury.	the french forward suffered the injury during the swans' 1-1 premier league draw.	gomis' injury has come at the worst possible time as he was finding his best form in a swansea shirt.
manchester united manager louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target.	the dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the biannual manchester foundation dream day held at the aon training complex on monday.	moshin tanveer used the special occasion to provide the former holland boss with a star-studded cast of europe's top property he should sign in order to bring the barclays premier league title back to old trafford.
thierry henry has criticised arsenal's recent dealings in the transfer window.	the frenchman believes arsenal need to buy four players in the summer.	sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title.
manny pacquiao has been selling pacquiao items online for four years.	retailers are struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find.	online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of pacquiao t-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets.
pink top, £125, lkbennett.com, luluguinness.com, luluguinness.com.	sandals, £34, office.co.uk, luluguinness.com.	bag, £30, next.co.uk, £35, oasis-stores.com, joules.com, joules.com, elliotrhodes.com.
the usa women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in june.	the strips, produced by sportswear giants nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond, because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue.
barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season.	midfield playmaker ivan rakitic enjoyed some time away from the heat of battle with his family to celebrate st george's day.	rakitic's wife, raquel mauri, also posted an image of her celebrations with barcelona star rakitic.	rakitic played the full 90 minutes as barcelona sealed progress to the champions league.
didier drogba has been deprived of diego costa and loic remy in recent weeks.	chelsea's jose mourinho gestures on the sideline after going into the game against arsenal without a striker.	oscar was part of a front three who interchanged roles during the first half.
qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot.	the mos analysis suggests that qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory.	there were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by mohammed bin hammam.
adam federici is due to marry girlfriend micaela gardner on the same weekend as the fa cup final.	federici fails to stop alexis sanchez's shot from crossing the line at wembley on saturday evening.	federici has been backed to bounce back by reading boss steve clarke, who expects the keeper to start against birmingham on wednesday.
edinson cavani falls flat on his face during a limp display for psg.	louis van gaal has been linked with cavani but the striker has n't impressed this season.	psg will now concentrate on winning a two-horse race with lyon at the top of the table.
manny pacquiao has added another string to his impressive bow by appearing in a hilarious commercial for foot locker ahead of his showdown with floyd mayweather.	the filipino, who has tried his hand at acting, politics and coaching basketball over the years, stole the show in an advertisement for the american sportswear company back in november by joking about the possibility of finally being able to go toe-to-toe with mayweather.	pacquiao assumed two fellow gym members were talking about a fight between himself and mayweather when they said:' the people wanted it and foot locker made it happen'.
philippe coutinho fired liverpool ahead with a smart chip before a long range chrisitan benteke strike equalised for aston villa.	tim sherwood's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from fabian delph and held on for the famous victory.
apple claims its watch, which has an ion-x glass display, is' protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that's especially resistant to scratches and impact'.	apple watch sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres).
president barack obama welcomed the new england patriots to the white house on thursday.	but there was one notable absence from the patriots squad who visited the white house to receive congratulations from president barack obama.	but a spokesman for the patriots said' prior family commitments' were the reason why brady did n't attend the visit.
sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of premier league fixtures, as well as intriguing statistics from the football league.	jose mourinho says injuries to his strikers have made him take a cautious approach to the last few games wrapping up the title.	but the defensive side of his team has stayed remarkably settled all season.
watford beat brighton 2-0 at the amex stadium in the early kick-off.	ross mccormack scored a 94th-minute winner for fulham at craven cottage.	ross mccormack has called the club's promotion an' unbelievable achievement'.	watford beat aitor karanka's boro 4-3 in stoppage time.
xavi came on as a half-time substitute against psg in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday night.	the former spain international played for 148th time in the competition, more than any other player since the tournament changed to its current format in 1992.	real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas is in line to equal xavi's total in both champions league games and knockout matches when carlo ancelotti's side take on atletico in the second leg of their quarter-final.
ea sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their latest golf game ea sports rory mcilroy pga tour which is due out in july.	the latest version of the long-running game series, due out on july 16, features a number of new features, including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics.
f1 world champion was spotted on the rome set for the comedy sequel.	he donned a stylish red camouflage suit with owen wilson's hansel.	hamilton arrived on a private plane for the night shoot, which was a fashion show.	he previously voiced himself in the disney animation sequel.
motherwell have vowed to go to battle with the spfl over the issue of free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders.	under existing rules, the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs.	motherwell will go to battle with the spfl over free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders.
manchester city have told jason denayer they want him to spend next season in the english championship.	the belgian defender has been in impressive form for celtic since joining the club.	the belgian scooped the same honour at celtic’s annual awards dinner in glasgow.
robert vivar and her toddler daughter, reyna, are seen hugging torres's two sons, including alexis lopez, 10, as they are reunited for the first time in two years.
some 43 per cent of voters think ed miliband' comes across as wanting to win the most' when compared to david cameron.	opinion polls continue to suggest the result is too close to call.
selfie queen karen danczuk said she aspired to be an mp – insisting she could relate to ordinary women unlike the current crop of female politicians.	the glamorous labour councillor said parliament needed people like her ‘ to bring it back down to reality’.	she said she had rebuilt her life after being ‘shattered’ as a child.
london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to pick up their pets' droppings and use bins provided.	council hopes that the collection of dna samples would fit well with new national laws requiring all owners in britain to microchip their dogs by april next year.	the move is part of efforts from the council to reduce its £2.3million annual street cleansing bill.
philip dunning from bo'ness, west lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours.	after hitting the jackpot in saturday night's lotto, he went in for his 4am shift at caledonia produce the next day.	his partner gina meikle, 45, who also worked there, did the same.
actor chris o’dowd has lashed out at gatwick airport after his three-month-old son was frisked while passing through security.	the incident occurred a day after chris o'dowd and his wife, dawn o’porter, attended the ldny show and wie award gala sponsored by maserati at goldsmith hall in london.	he posted the tweet on his verified twitter account, which has 630,000 followers.
arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club.	she posted snaps of the test to her twitter account, @ saskiaisabxlla, commenting' boyfriend made me take an @ arsenal exam!' with emoticons showing she did n't know whether to laugh or cry.	oh, and' calculators may be used'.
goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine's disappearance.	the couple's lawyer isabel duarte also revealed that amaral had been told to pay interest which she said stood at present at €106,000 (£76,000).	mr amaral, who led the initial investigation into madeleine's disappearance, released his book three days after the case was closed in 2008.
ronald butcher, a' private and quiet man', bequeathed his £500,000 fortune to a builder when he died in 2013.	but his relatives and family friends insist that the will, made just two months before his death, is invalid and say that the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher.	the three were the equal beneficiaries of a will drawn up by mr butcher in december 2011, but after his death they discovered that they had been disinherited.
ousman jatta, 45, married wife beryl, 88, in gambia 13 years ago.	he moved back to the uk with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006.	but when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened.	mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife, who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband.
real madrid have n't got going tonight.	james rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring.	james is clipped from 30 yards out and ronaldo is licking his lips.	real have n't found their rhythm yet while almeria are just letting them pass from side.
indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo said wednesday morning's execution was much better than one carried out in january.	he visited nusakambangan on wednesday, hours after bali nine pair were executed with other drug offenders.	mr prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country.	he said that' all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution.
rodrigo gularte, 42, asked' am i being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on nusakambangan island where he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of wednesday morning.	irish priest appointed to be gularte's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him for the executions, but the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate.	gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into indonesia.
arshdeep kaur and her mother shinder were travelling from their home in punjab, northern india, to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them.	the incident took place on a near-empty bus near moga, some 50 miles from the pakistani border, in punjab province.
jeffrey okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing carl beatson-asiedu to death outside a nightclub in london, with a group of friends after performing a set when a group of men approached them, the court heard.	the 19-year-old victim, known as dj charmz, had been leaving the club life nightclub in vauxhall's goding street, in london with a group of friends.	mr lama managed to return to the club, where bouncers locked the doors and called the police.	minutes later, mr beatson asiedu was seen staggering along goding street before collapsing in the road.
lib dem minister danny alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans drawn up in the last government to cut child benefit and child tax credits.	the prime minister' flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of mr alexander.	but the lib dems hit back, claiming mr cameron himself had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
oldham athletic have not snaffled their old boy from the mighty real madrid.	the 16-year-old is named after brazil's former striker ronaldo, rather than portugal star cristiano.	but he is actually named after the original brazilian ronaldo, rather than portugal star cristiano ronaldo.
ba van nguyen was able to fly a ch-47 chinook, the largest helicopter in the south vietnamese army.	he flew towards the uss kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family (daughter circled in red) safely jumped into the ocean just seconds before it crashed - all on his own.
francois hollande has vowed to' show no mercy' if french peacekeepers are found guilty of raping hungry children in the central african republic.	fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat.	the investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday.
pema lama, 15, is rescued from the collapsed hilton hotel in kathmandu five days after becoming' pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on saturday.	he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck.	he appeared stunned and his eyes blinked in the sunlight.
sonit awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the quake struck, but was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him.	during frantic rescue efforts family and friends used their bare hands to try and free sonit, but without specialist equipment it was impossible.	but today mother rasmila awal told mailonline her ‘ overwhelming joy’ when rescuers arrived and pulled sonit from the devastation, with little more than a scratch to his face.
nicola sturgeon faced questions from a studio audience at bbc scotland.	the scottish first minister talked up her chances of being westminster's king-maker following next week's election, with polls still pointing to another hung parliament.	mr miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent nationalists.
darren stanton, who has become the uk's top human lie detector and body expert.	the old adage may claim that a liar can not look you in the eye.	but in truth liars often stare.	he asked amanda holden to conceal a ball and then try and trick him about which hand it was in, but darren managed to spot her fib straight away.
nigel farage said he would not give up trying to pull britain out of the european union even if voters rejected leaving in a referendum.	the ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become' redundant' as a result.	the ukip leader's comments come after david cameron, ed miliband and nick clegg faced a live-tv grilling over their plans.
real madrid failed to activate their first option on javier hernandez as the deadline passed on thursday night.	javier hernandez, 26, has impressed in the last few weeks with five goals in his last six games.	hernandez is enjoying a fine run of form at real madrid - scoring three times in his last two games.
carl thompson, 32, has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years.	he is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in dover, kent.	mr thompson said he has always had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm.	he will warn that if the eu agrees to give refuge to migrants from north africa could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to britain.
theresa may warned last night that lives will be in danger if britain is saddled with a hung parliament unable to pass anti-terror laws.	the home secretary said new legislation was urgently needed to update the powers of mi5 and gchq, and repair the damage done by the us traitor edward snowden.
ukip leader said snp was' openly racist', accusing alex salmond for fuelling resentment.	h‎e said mr salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that ukip is called racist.	nigel farage has said he is' astonished' by how little clothing women wear on a night out.
stuart mccall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players.	rangers manager stuart mccall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters.	mccall hopes mcculloch will be the last player to get booed.
ipsa chief sir ian kennedy launched a bid to keep mps' receipts private.	all mps' expenses receipts will have to be published after a court threw out a bid to keep them private.	but the court of appeal ruled today that it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians.
liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world.	the 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a cal 40 sailboat after being handed inspiration from a retired professor.	for the last decade liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat, travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date.
florian huber has sold tens of thousand of copies of his book, child promise me you will shoot yourself, which examines the number of german suicides after peace was declared.	crimes committed against ordinary germans by the allies and the millions that were left uprooted by war are also the subject of other tomes.
kevin morgan, 55, of weybridge in surrey, was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in 2005.	the married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression, which together have ended his working life, his lawyers claim.	but as his £600,000 damages claim began at the central london county court, he was accused of attempting a £600,000 fraud.
anonymous scientist bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her youtube channel for her visits into the chernobyl exclusion zone, the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on april 26, 1986, as she measures the high levels of radiation still lingering in the air.	ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area is n't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on thursday.	tickets will be on sale at 8pm on thursday after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and pacquiao’s promoter bob arum.
emma giffard, 36, and ollie halls, 37, bought the cinema for £1,200 in 2005 and spent £35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in devon over five years.	they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity, starring alongside melvyn bragg in a 20-part bbc2 series' the reel history of britain and in' george clarke's amazing spaces'.
jack wilshere was first showing signs of his enormous potential at luton town’s academy, the big boys down the road soon came calling.	everyone was into little wilshere, with west ham (the team his dad andy supports) offers from arsenal, chelsea and tottenham.	charlie patino, 11, and his family must weigh up offers from arsenal, chelsea and tottenham.
leon osman shares a joke with two of the everton academy players as ross barkley looks to get involved.	players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the blues' senior stars for a training session at the halewood complex.	phil jagielka larks around at the academy day as he teaches a youngster an unorthodox scorpion clearance.
raquel mauri posted an insight into the pair's enviable lifestyle featuring a selfie of the two of them taking in some sun, surf and sand.	the former hair stylist accompanied the instagram picture with the caption:' relaxing day with the family,' alongside a series of beach-themed emoticons.	rakitic's team-mate lionel messi's has also taken to instagram to confirm that he will soon be a father for the second time.
floyd mayweather will go head-to-head with manny pacquiao in the fight of the century at the mgm grand but he still had time to pose for a picture with motown legend gladys knight.	mayweather meets rival pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas in the highly-anticipated blockbuster, which saw tickets sell out within 60 seconds on ticketmaster last week.	as he steps up his preparation for saturday's fight, mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with' midnight train to georgia'.
jack wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of manchester city.	arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off on monday.	wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season.
arsenal duo alex oxlade-chamberlain and kieran gibbs appear to have convinced american rapper tyga to nail his colours to the red half of north london.	oxlade-chamberlain and gibbs posed for a picture with tyga while taking the rack city artist for a tour of the emirates stadium.	tyga, who is currently touring around the uk, appeared to be delighted with his gift as he was snapped alongside oxlade-chamberlain.
lionel messi has confirmed he is to be a father again after posting a picture of his pregnant wife on social media.	messi took to instagram to post a picture of his son, thiago, kissing his wife antonella roccuzzo’s stomach with the message:' waiting for you baby.	we love you'.
andy murray, tommy haas, tommy haas and roberto bautista-agut help to blow out the candles on a cake to celebrate 100 years at the iphitos tennis club in munich, the venue for this week's bmw open.	mauresmo, who is expecting a baby in august, will be replaced by swede jonas bjorkman in the lead-up to the us open and quite possibly after that, depending on how she assesses her priorities.	murray, who is in munich for this week’s bmw open and joined in the 100-year celebrations at the iphitos tennis club on monday night, parted company with ivan lendl last year.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property.	one fan, ade adebayo, from brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week and here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight.
adnan januzaj swapped the lush turf of old trafford for the green baize at sheffield when he turned up at the snooker world championships on wednesday.	the manchester united winger, who has endured a frustrating season under louis van gaal, had turned out for the under 21 side at fulham.	but januzaj may want to consider trying his hand at another sport after displaying his silky skillls on a mini pool table at the crucible on wednesday.
theo walcott has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates as he was pictured for a photoshoot with calum chambers, jack wilshere, mikel arteta, david ospina, david ospina, mathieu flamini and mesut ozil.	walcott and co, along with runway model olga sherer, have posed for an official portrait for paris' oldest fashion house - lanvin - the club's official tailor since 2013.	walcott, who has been named on arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 barclays premier league games, came on for the last six minutes.
marouane fellaini did not have the best of days at goodison park on sunday.	the brothers were recently the subject of a mix-up involving chelsea boss jose mourinho prior to the blues' crunch clash with united at stamford bridge on tuesday.	mourinho revealed he prepared his chelsea players to deal with the threat of fellaini all week.
barcelona's golden boys and lionel messi have reached yet another milestone.	the three stars now have a century of goals between them for the season.	luis suarez claimed two and neymar also netted in the nou camp.
sir alex ferguson revealed why he rates cristiano ronaldo above lionel messi while speaking to john parrott over a frame of snooker.	the 73-year-old was in high spirits as part of the bbc's coverage of the world championship at the crucible.	ferguson admitted that he is always asked' who is the greatest player in the world?'
jenson button completed the london marathon 2015 in under three hours.	the 35-year-old told the bbc he was' chuffed to bits' with his performance.	but joked he was disappointed to finish behind former olympic rower james cracknell.
roger federer believes rafael nadal is still the favourite for the french open.	world no 1 novak djokovic is 30-2 so far this season.	federer has won the first three masters titles of the year after his triumph in monte carlo.
neymar published a photograph of himself with his fellow barcelona attackers.	the phrase translates:' great victory lads... come on!' but the cheeky brazilian had used the typically argentine/uruguayan expression ‘dale’ in reference to his two team-mates.	luis suarez, neymar jnr and lionel messi pose for a picture in the dressing room after dismantling getafe.
addison russell, 21, may recall his first game at wrigley field with a sense of horror because he let his bat slip through his fingers in the seventh while he was trying to catch up to a fastball.	the bat went flying and struck a fan who was sitting several rows behind the cubs' on-deck circle in the face.	russell, who was ranked the no.	5 prospect in baseball earlier this month, said the bat' just slipped' from his hand.
martin odegaard was in line to become real madrid's youngest ever player after he was named among the substitutes for the la liga win against almeria on wednesday night.	but the norweigan had to sit patiently on the bench as real beat almeria 3-0.	odegaard takes part in the warm-up ahead of real madrid's clash with almeria at the bernabeu.
lewis hamilton took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his shelby cobra.	the pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of la's busiest freeways.	nicolas hamilton takes a selfie with his brother lewis whilst the pair take a ride in the la sunshine.
didier drogba hit back at claims that chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a' bin challenge'.	the blues are preparing for wednesday night's trip to leicester city at st george's park, having drawn criticism for the way they ground out a decisive 0-0 draw against arsenal.	drogba and his team-mates can wrap up the barclays premier league title with two more victories.
robin van persie scored twice as he continued his recovery from an ankle injury in manchester united's 4-1 win over fulham.	the holland striker’s sharp performance at craven cottage suggests he will be in contention to start in louis van gaal’s side for the visit of west bromwich albion on saturday.	van persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-february.	van persie made an appearance for manchester united under 21s away.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will wage violent combat on saturday night.	the mgm grand garden arena will also be the place where they add untold fortunes to their already significant wealth.	sportsmail's boxing correspondent jeff powell sits on the corner of the ring at the mgm grand.
bt sport industry awards take place in battersea on thursday.	ap mccoy, england midfielder jack wilshere and ryan bertrand a few of the sporting stars to walk the red carpet.	mccoy was in attendance with his wife chanelle for the bt sport industry awards in battersea on thursday.
chelsea forward set up the' didier drogba foundation in africa' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game.	the 37-year-old, who scored against leicester on wednesday, spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the ivory coast and his love for football.	zebeto is one of the children inspired by drogba and he hopes to follow in his heroes footsteps.
daniel sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves.	the striker's shapes were no match for a young liverpool fan.	the 25-year-old then revealed that he was n't a fan of pop group one direction despite posting a picture of himself with band member louis tomlinson.
floyd mayweather posted a picture of a signed contract for his $300 million mega-fight against manny pacquiao two months ago.	but with 11 days to go until the two protagonists are due to touch gloves, not a single person has a ticket in their hands.	these are known as' spec tickets' which the sellers do n't have but expect to get before the fight.
floyd mayweather is preparing to face manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 in las vegas.	mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call.	there was sympathy for freddie roach in his battle with parkinson's disease' even though pacquiao's trainer has been trash-talking his claim to be the best ever.
manny pacquiao's promoter bob arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against floyd mayweather in las vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed.	with the pair finalising their preparations for the mega fight next weekend have yet to be signed.	tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale and arum claimed that the contracts have still not been signed.	bob arum has revealed that the contracts for the mega fight next weekend have yet to be signed.
scientist at the new jersey institute of technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux' rope' taking shape on the sun, shown in this still image.	the new footage was revealed in nature communications led by dr haimin wang from the new jersey institute of technology.	a solar flare accompanies the twisting flux rope in the footage, which moves around a common axis before bursting from the sun.
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor.	footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea.	the group's initial analysis of its trajectory, based on the 50 sightings that were reported to it, suggests that it may well have fallen into the irish sea.
audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister of education and research dr johanna wanka.	experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as' blue crude', which was then refined into diesel.	tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right.
the technology is based on a technique known as' neuromodulation' in which electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight.	a surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina.	pulses activate electrodes in the implant, and the optic nerve carries images to the brain.
denim designer bettina liano has revealed that she can not afford to pay the australian taxation office the almost $130,000 she owes in taxes.	the jeans designer relaunched her label last year as by bettina liano after going into liquidation in 2013.
laser expert patrick priebe created a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm.	the gadget was created by wuppertal-based mr priebe, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online.	he posts videos to youtube as anselmofanzero.
technology shows such as the annual e3 games conference in los angeles.	the robots were originally created by walker for a show called' peepshow'.	the robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event.
chelsea beat crystal palace 1-0 at stamford bridge to clinch the barclays premier league title.	sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues.
australian skateboarder oliver percovich created skateistan, a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in afghanistan with education through skateboarding.	it should n't have been a surprise that 40 per cent of the program's students would be girls.
researchers subjected lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure.	copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°c (1,985°f) causing jets of molten material to burst from its vent.	it is the first time the failure of li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded.
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california.	the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees.	it means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter.
nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘ beef masala’ as part of the relief package from pakistan.	since the majority-hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal, the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the south asian association for regional cooperation.
gchq, the government’s listening post, unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from sami al-saadi – even though the legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules.	the investigatory powers tribunal unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from sami al-saadi, it has been ruled.	gchq has confessed it intercepted confidential conversations between mr al-saadi and his lawyer.
the eshima ohashi bridge in japan – the third largest of its kind in the world - rises sharply so ships can pass underneath.	the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi, linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato.	it's the largest rigid frame bridge in japan and the third largest in the world.
ian merrett, 28, is astonished that poppy smart, 23, did not take it as a compliment, which he says has helped him' snog loads of girls' in the past.	the builder and his colleagues whistled at her every day for a month as she passed their worcester construction site.
kellie maloney has said that a vote for the party is' wasted'.	the celebrity former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates.	she warned ukip supporters should vote tory to keep ed miliband and nicola sturgeon out of power.
the research has been hailed a' tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.	a new study has suggested an antibody injection could eradicate not only primary tumours, but also distant metastases that have spread through the body.	professor edgar engleman, senior author of the study, said:' the potency is impressive.
two window cleaners had a ride of their life after their platform was blown around by high winds.	the one-minute video shows the platform swing violently in wind with the lujiazui financial district hundreds of metres below.
amanda oleander, 25, is one of the stars of periscope, twitter's new live broadcasting platform.	she addressed her audience via her iphone from her la bedroom:' do you know the power that we have? do you guys understand what is happening'.	ellen degeneres is the highest ranking star but is trailing behind amanda with a mere three million' loves'.
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final.	tammy abraham and dominic solanke are in the form of their young lives.	jose mourinho said his first-team squad had space for' three or four kids' next season.
celtic are considering a second double raid on dundee united for teenager john souttar and nadir ciftci.	the tannadice club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven to the parkhead club on deadline day in january.	jackie mcnamara’s side have won just three of their 14 games since, and lost 3-0 at home to ronny deila’s side on sunday.
jimmy white's bid to play in the world snooker championship for the first time since 2006 ended on monday as he crashed to defeat by matthew selt.	white had defeated james wattana in his qualifying opener on saturday and needed two more wins to to reach the main event at the crucible.
veterans of world war two stood proudly side by side after being awarded france’s highest decoration, the legion d’honneur.	courageous veterans are given france's highest honour for their vital role on d-day in a ceremony at yorkshire air museum.
manny pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with floyd mayweather.	the death toll now as high as 12, many clubs have taken my way off their playlist.	manny pacquiao also has a quiz show called manny many prizes.
cup defeats to inverness are rarely a tranquil affair.	david raven (second right) celebrates with his inverness team-mates following his extra-time strike by sliding joyously on their fronts before a small, delirious support.	the standard of scottish refereeing remains an ongoing embarrassment.
johanna basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults which has sold 226,000 in one month.	a colouring book has become a sell-out success thanks to an unusual twist.	the 32-year-old’s second book enchanted forest has sold out within weeks of its release.
the fight broke out at a store location in the city's rittenhouse square neighborhood.	it was tough to tell, but it seemed the woman in white tried breaking things up at times.	witnesses to the fight had different reactions.
reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what' surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses.	one user described the process of' ordering' a bride from russia or the philippines, where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in europe.
manchester city play chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final.	both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the tv cameras and stake their claim for first-team involvement.
norwegian international has been on the bench for long periods.	tammy abraham smashes chelsea into the lead with a fierce drive into the top corner.	christian haug goes up for the ball under pressure from chelsea forwards during the youth cup final.
tammy abraham opens the scoring against manchester city in the fa youth cup final first leg.	chelsea striker abraham is mobbed by his chelsea team-mates following his equaliser against chelsea in the youth cup.	abraham - 36 goals ; dominic abraham - 35 goals.
didier drogba was the star of the show for chelsea.	ramires's goal flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60 miles per hour.	ramires struck his effort with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point.
military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl.	william benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach.	he was awarded the silver star for shooting down several japanese aircraft the next year as a tail gunner on a b-17 bomber at the battle of midway.	fike's group recently received a $50,000 grant.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao billed as the $300million fight of the century.	it's no surprise that its pay-per-view figures look set to blow previous bouts out of the water.	sky box office is offering the bout for £19.99, but those figures will equate to a small fraction of the earnings for mayweather and pacquiao.
beijing international airport is launching the world's biggest terminal to cope with the substantial increase.	the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year.	renown british-iraqi architect, zaha hadid, has collaborated with airport developers adpi to create a six-tier concept which aims to decrease customer walking distances.
bayern munich were crowned bundesliga champions for the third year.	wolfsburg knew only a victory against borussia moenchengladbach would keep their title dreams alive.	wolfsburg rarely looked like succeeding as they were second best at the borussia park stadion.	they resisted until the last minute of the game.
heather mack, 19, killed sheila von wiese-mack with the help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale st. regis resort.	mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn.	mack was photographed after her sentencing celebrating in her jail cell by getting drunk off alcohol smuggled to her in a sprite bottle.
floyd mayweather jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight.	quiana jeffries was brought into mayweather's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast.	a regimented diet is crucial to the champion's training regime and mayweather demands organic produce, although there are exceptions.
brenna happy cloud of salem, oregon, found herself locked out of her facebook account last week.	for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in.
rangers beat rangers 2-0 to win the glasgow cup at hampden.	josh kerr took advantage when the scotland under-17 star came for a corner and missed it to put the hoops in front before mccrorie dropped a mark hill free kick over the line.	rangers took the game to their opponents but early headers from aiden wilson and ross mccrorie ran ahead.
kingsholm transformed into the house of fun on saturday night as gloucester beat exeter to set up a challenge cup final against edinburgh.	the cherry and whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the twickenham stoop.	victory in the capital would also earn the west country side a home play-off spot for next season’s champions cup.
world snooker chairman barry hearn has ruled out awarding a season-long tour wild card to reanne evans.	the 10-time winner of the ladies' world championship saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty after a tight clash on thursday.	world snooker chairman barry hearn has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard to reanne evans.	doherty, the 1997 world champion, led the calls for evans to be handed another chance on the main tour.
jose mourinho hailed his ‘phenomenal’ side after john terry’s scrappy goal put chelsea on the brink of the premier league title.	but the chelsea manager was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened leicester.	terry turns and celebrates after making it 2-1 to chelsea with a close-range finish against leicester city.	stamford bridge must be ready to push us.
reanne evans insists her world championship bid is' do or die' for women in snooker.	the 29-year-old from dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month.	evans has won 10 women's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond's forge in sheffield on thursday.
us scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours.	the problem is partly caused by immune system ‘b-cells’ that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers.
castello baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from rome, has gone on the market for a gigantic £4,887,164 ($7,510,569).	the original wooden drawbridge remains intact between two of the castles rectangular battlement towers with a venetian library inside to impress guests.	those who love books will be enticed by the incredible library decorated in the venetian style and historians will be enthralled.
ronny deila is preparing for the william hill scottish cup semi-final against inverness.	scottish league cup winners are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row.	deila believes treble success will help not only attract players to the club this summer.
dita von teese will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish.	dita von teese will offer ranch guests a striptease workshop.	von teese, real name heather renée sweet, will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish.
chelsea beat leicester 3-1 at the king power stadium on wednesday night.	john terry was on hand to prod home from close range against leicester.	terry's strike at manchester city was his seventh goal in all competitions.
australian artist ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to the indonesian president in the final hours before his treasured friends, myuran sukumaran and andrew chan, are expected to be executed in indonesia.	quilty has addressed his poignant post to indonesian president joko widodo, who has repeatedly rejected pleas to spare the lives of the nine drug convicts on death row.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are just days away from stepping into the ring for what promises to be a monumental clash.	billed as the fight of the century, the mgm grand bout in las vegas has engaged fans inside and out of the sport of boxing.
steve davis will love to see jimmy white and reanne evans light up the crucible stage but admits his own swan song hopes look forlorn.	the king of the baize in the 1980s believes the whirlwind and the doyenne of the women's tour face tall orders to get through qualifying for the betfred world championship.	evans saw her task made all the more intimidating when she was drawn to face 1997 world champion ken doherty on thursday, in the first of three preliminary rounds, while white will tackle fellow veteran james wattana in his opener on saturday.
youtube pioneers told cbbc reporter ricky boleto that the video was originally filmed for the family to send to the brothers' godfather who lives in america.	however, it quickly went viral, becoming an early online hit when it was uploaded eight years ago, going on to amass more than 816million views on youtube.	harry told the children's tv show that he now finds watching the video funny, saying:' it makes me laugh.	i was naive about the whole youtube thing'.
leigh griffiths scored his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united.	the 24-year-old embraces his manager ronny deila after sunday's convincing win.	google the words ‘ leigh griffiths and controversy’ in the same search and there are more answers than pubs on leith.
peter houston goaded his vanquished rival alan stubbs after falkirk stunned hibernian to steal a 1-0 scottish cup semi-final triumph at hampden.	the broadside was in response to stubbs insisting it’s hibs who fully deserve to be waiting for inverness caledonian thistle or celtic in next month’s showpiece at the national stadium after bossing the match.	sibbald salutes the travelling falkirk supporters after scoring the decisive goal in the 74th minute.
british airways' chief boeing pilot, captain al bridger, said:' we get some spectacular views from the cockpit but many of these can be enjoyed from the air so that customers can begin sightseeing before they've even landed'.	pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival.
the' third eye' is a point directly between your eyebrows at the point where the bridge of your nose meets your forehead.	light pressure applied to your' third eye' with your middle finger tip while taking several deep breaths.
mailonline travel spoke to wedding and event planner sarah haywood, who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to fortune 500 businessmen.	haywood reveals she's had clients request special access to exclusive events such as the cannes film festival, the academy awards or tickets to the white house correspondence dinner.	victoria hoffman, who owns her on us-based concierge service, reveals she is so exclusive that it only caters to a carefully selected list of 100 clients a year.
manny pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world of sport.	the filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so, facing the likes of oscar de la hoya, ricky hatton, miguel cotto and four fights against mexican warrior juan manuel marquez.	but it's been a tough road to the top for pacquiao from being born into poverty in the philippines.
justin bieber will carry floyd mayweather's championship belts into the ring ahead of his $300million las vegas mega-fight with manny pacquiao on saturday.	the duo have been close friends for years and the 21-year-old performer has accompanied' money' into the ring on numerous occasions.	he even joined the fighter on stage during a recent press conference ahead of the may 2 fight.
scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of stockholm syndrome.	the scottish game is engaged in a faustian pact.	sky and bt sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of scottish football.
sportsmail's boxing correspondent jeff powell looks ahead to saturday's mega-fight at the mgm grand after witnessing floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao's grand arrivals in las vegas.	both boxers made public appearances on tuesday as their $300million showdown draws ever closer.	powell reflects on the pair's arrivals on the las vegas strip and looks forward to the rest of the week.
stefan johansen picked up two individual prizes at the annual celtic player of the year awards dinner on sunday night.	the norway midfielder, 24, shared the players' player of the year award with captain scott brown but stood alone as the choice of the supporters.	ronny deila's side went eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the table with a 3-0 win at dundee united.
former world champion ken doherty launched a spirited fightback to lead snooker's top woman player reanne evans 5-4 at the interval of their world championship qualifier in sheffield.	doherty, who won the title in 1997, won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1 at one stage against 29-year-old evans, a single mum from dudley who is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at the crucible.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are into the final few days of their preparation at camp ahead of their monumental bout on saturday.	the 36-year-old was seen arriving on the world-famous strip in the nevada desert at the mandalay bay hotel.	pacquiao had been training in los angeles at trainer freddie roach's wild card gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station.
lake garda is a luxurious villa with one serious waterfront view.	these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment.	for about 18 million euros, the house is just as breathtaking.
chelsea are set to confirm the £4.5m signing of nathan allan de souza on wednesday, beating rivals manchester city to his signature.	the dazzling brazilian midfielder, who turned 19 last month, arrives from atletico paranaense with a glowing and ever-growing reputation.	nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical.
judy murray's waist.	judy murray dazzled at her son andy's wedding, wearing a belted dress-coat that accentuated her toned stomach.	instead, she tries anything from dancing, dancing, to walking in the hills or gardening.
the book has been shown as a source of ribald humor on the tonight show and jimmy kimmel live.	the book is about a housewife's infatuation with new england patriots tight end rob' gronk' gronkowski, who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games.	it enjoyed some viral success following its release, which coincided with the superbowl.
floyd mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling t-shirts with a philippines flag in the background.	manny pacquiao salutes the crowd as he makes his official arrival at the mandalay bay hotel.	pacquiao has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across.
map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the american northeast, along with the south, have now become the most racist areas of the us.	the map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast, michigan's upper peninsula, and a large portion of ohio.	racism is rife in the coal region in northeastern pennsylvania and the spine of the appalachian mountains.
georgia davis, 22, from aberdare, south wales, has been lifted from her home in aberdare, south wales.	the young woman has previously had to be removed from another property in 2012.	neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property.
andrew chan, 21, and myuran sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia.	death penalty has never left the table for chan and sukumaran since they were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from australian federal police to indonesian officials.	but a glance at their working-class backgrounds would never have led anyone to predict their dismal fate.
amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president mohamed nasheed.	mrs clooney wore a navy blue pants suit paired with a plain white blouse beneath her single-button jacket.	mrs clooney is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed maldivian ex-president nasheed, who has been sentenced to 13 years in prison.
eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial over a stadium riot in egypt which left 74 people dead.	the riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry - from the canal city of port said - and cairo's al-ahly clashed after an egyptian league match.	an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death.
alexander meier, the bundesliga's leading goalscorer, is out for the season with a knee injury.	the club says meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on tuesday.	eintracht frankfurt forward alexander meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
bayer leverkusen has released emir spahic from his contract with immediate effect following his fight with security personnel after the german cup defeat to bayern munich.	spahic was filmed fighting the club's security personnel, reportedly after they refused to allow his friends entry inside the locker room area.	bayern won the quarterfinal match on penalties.	leverkusen managing director michael schade says' the latest revelations from the case last wednesday leave us no other choice.
robert lewandowski boosted his own chances of winning the golden boot award at the end of his first season with bayern, and a second in a row after finishing the league's top-scorer with borussia dortmund last season.	bayern also had a goal disallowed and they struck the woodwork before thomas muller added a third, with few doubts from start to finish that they would pick up all three points once again.
gloriavale, a new zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict new testament creed and wears blue uniforms, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks.	residents of gloriavale follow a new testament code, wear blue uniforms and do not use birth control.	gloriavale is located on the west coast of new zealand and has an estimated population of around 500.
the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array, or nustar, has captured a new high-energy x-ray view (magenta) of the bustling center of our milky way galaxy.	the finding is thought to be leaving a' mass grave' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the milky way.	but why there are so many stars here - which are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel.
liris crosse always dreamed of being a model but had a tough time breaking into the industry with many people telling her to lose weight to succeed.	but the size 18 model (us 14) proved her doubters wrong and how she's hoping to take the uk by storm.
sam allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the ‘ back door’ into european football via the fair play league.	the hammers started the season strongly and looked a good bet for european qualification around christmas.	but a reprieve could be granted by the fair play league, just ahead of burnley.	sam allardyce's west ham are top of the premier league fair play table.
southampton manager ronald koeman admits morgan schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club.	tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old, who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract.	tottenham manager ronald koeman has admitted that schneiderlin may leave the club this summer.
morgan schneiderlin says southampton are refusing to give up on their champions league aspirations after saturday's damaging defeat at stoke.	saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed manchester city to two points.	schneiderlin accepts the europa league is a more realistic goal for southampton.
ray parlour believes petr cech would be a' no brainer'.	arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday.	ray parlour believes cech would definitely be on my radar if i was arsene wenger.	cech has had to play second fiddle to thibaut courtois.
broner is pictured with new york-based 50 cent in an instagram happy snap on tuesday that was taken at the barclay's center in brooklyn on saturday night.	the pair, with broner wearing a bright shirt and giant jewellery bearing his initials and 50 cent in all dark with a new york yankees cap.	garcia won a controversial majority decision over lamont peterson before being called out by broner.	broner has his arm raised after comfortably beating molina jnr on points in las vegas.
andre schurrle and mario gotze put club rivalries aside on sunday night.	the world cup winning duo got together with their girlfriends for a double date.	the pair attended a charity ball to raise money for hamburg children's hospital.
zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com.	the website has an identical style to google with users given the option to' zlatan search' or' i'm feeling zlatan'.	in addition any results from the search bar will automatically add' zlatan' to the front.
twelve people were killed and 70 hurt when holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater in aurora, colorado for a midnight showing of the dark knight rises in july 2012.	prosecutors called brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday, and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene described a day earlier by moviegoers who were badly wounded.	holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder.
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle, 36, on monday evening in the bronx.	the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda.	spruill, who was also naked, allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest.	spruill was later arrested at a nearby hospital, but pronounced dead.
astrophysics undergraduate torin lakeman, 19, died alongside his brother jacques, 20, in a pub in manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of mdma after ordering the drug via the web.	coroner alan walsh today said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the lethal drugs, adding he would be writing to the home secretary.	coroner alan walsh said he would be contacting home secretary theresa may over the deaths.
steve simonsen served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the sfa's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.	but sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was' unduly lenient'.	simonsen's legal team from the prolegal group have confirmed the englishman will not face a further suspension after the sfa's appeal was rejected by an appellate tribunal.
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce, puglia in the south of italy.	renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked.	mr faggiano, 60, and his two sons dug a trench and instead of isolating the offending pipe found underground corridors and rooms beneath the property on 56 via ascanio grandi.
microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they're already using on apple or android phones.	the move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company, which still dominates the personal computer market.	various app stores merged into one platform, called the one store.	return of the start menu, which had been removed from windows 8.
samsung retook the lead in the global smartphone market in the first quarter.	samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones.	samsung notably launched its flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones at the end of the quarter in april.
tim cook may have described the apple watch as ‘ the most personal device we've ever created’ but reports claim the gadget does n't tolerate some individual’s tattoos.	owners of the watch have found the timepiece's sensors malfunction when worn on tattooed wrists.	dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings.
bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner.	using sensors on the front of the bin, it is swept towards it with a brush, turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess.	bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags.
adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit.	so adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit.	called adidas go, the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used.
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the avengers in a video.	it looks at the composition of iron man's iron man when he dons his iron suit of armour.	his original suit, made only of iron, would have weighed 70kg (150lbs).
the automated planet finder is hoped to help in the search for earth-like planets that might support life in other solar systems.	all three planets in the system orbit the star, hd 7924, at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days.	the automated planet finder consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph.
cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from hyperion when the image was taken by cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite.	hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular.
david beckham's 40th birthday is on saturday, 2 may and reports state that he is to fly out to morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family.	the name amanjena translates as peaceful paradise, which is echoed by its remote, private surroundings.	the name amanjena translates as peaceful paradise, which is echoed by its remote, private surroundings.
machu picchu was named a' new wonder of the world'.	the idea is to change the' axis of the visitor experience' making the mountain into a part of the tourist experience as well as the inca city itself, with the hopes that this can control crowd flow.
fight broke out on a flight from london heathrow to oman.	one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe.	one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger.
fa chairman greg dyke’s england commission is focusing on coaches and facilities.	the proposed £30million, three-year contract for an emirates fa cup, revealed by sports agenda, gives the fa the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament.
james whitaker's brief reign as the ecb’s head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced.	it is expected the responsibilities of the chosen appointment will include being in overall charge of selection, leading to the end of whitaker’s stint.
england's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined, that became a problem on the first morning of the first test.	it is ok batting the way england did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss, but they will be exposed against better teams than west indies, like australia, if they crash to 34 for three in the first session as they did here.
daniel levy reportedly told the tottenham hotspur supporters' trust that after the problems reinvesting the money received for gareth bale, future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players, priced between £10-15million with good potential for resale.	elite clubs, those who challenge for the biggest trophies, do not buy with one eye on selling and this strategy would set tottenham back a decade to a time when they helped solve problems at manchester united.
the house judiciary committee on thursday passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2.	the measure seeks to codify president barack obama's proposal to end the nsa's collection of domestic calling records.	it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations.
testosterone is at the heart of human life.	joe herbert makes clear in his engaging whistlestop tour of the science surrounding it, testosterone is at the heart of human life.	it has only one basic function — to enable a male to reproduce, and for that it’s essential.
mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways.	he admires the 747 like a sculptor might a perfect human torso.	he recalls a wildlife writer once describing virginia’s great blue heron as ‘ the 747 of the swamp’.
angelika graswald, 35, charged with second-degree murder in the death of vincent viafore.	troopers have said viafore, also of poughkeepsie, was kayaking with graswald on the hudson river april 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of cornwall-on-hudson.	police have yet to find viafore's body.
barnes rapped 1979 classic rapper's delight as part of spoof sketch called britain's got sporting talent.	the 51-year-old was supported by backing dancers as he dazzled the crowd with the sugarhill gang classic.	redknapp was equally adept on the mic as the pair entertained the audience with their rendition of the rap.
chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range.	eden hazard and nathan ake paired up to take on loic remy and willian in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers.	the pair were involved in the biggest misfortune of the day on their way to victory.
robbie keane sings karma chameleon iin a video posted on boy george & the culture club's facebook page.	the video was apparently filmed during la galaxy's day off on tuesday with keane choosing a song that was released when he was just three years old.	boy george, real name george o'dowd, is a noted fan of the galaxy and regard keane as a friend from the irishman's days in the premier league where he lead the line most notably for tottenham, liverpool and leeds.
manchester united legend peter schmeichel and oliver kahn have come face-to-face once more - this time as actors.	in a move that is akin to former footballers vinnie jones and eric cantona the pair showcase their performance skills by starring in tipico's latest advert.
mailonline reader junior imode sent in this picture of queuing at london bridge station earlier tonight, at the entrance to the jubilee line on the london underground.	fire crews help passengers down from the 7.02am east grinstead to victoria service which was stranded for four hours.
anderson silva says he is' trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career.	anderson silva met with brazilian taekwondo officials and will compete for a spot in the 2016 olympics team.
eugenie bouchard's run of poor form continued as the top seed was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by american lauren davis in the second round at the family circle cup in charleston on wednesday.	davis, 21, had lost her only career meeting with bouchard, but was in control this time against the world no 7.	davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke bouchard's serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset.
zac efron has officially left the weedy teenager of high school musical behind to become a bona-fide buff babe, you've got it.	efron still managed to make us swoon despite wearing nothing but nude pants and a stuffed bumble bee.
nasa has released an image taken by the probe's visual and infrared spectrometer.	the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the mercury dual imaging system (mdis).	this is an instrument with wide- and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on mercury’s surface.
the bleak study says animals are most at risk in south america, australia, and new zealand.	scientists warn that one in every six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change.
instagram users try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji hashtag no posts appear - even if there are posts tagged in this way.	but it is believe to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity.
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales.	the remains, which were discovered in panama, indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales, have a long fossil record.
scientists say the experiment that conjured up a ghostly illusion in the laboratory has proved once and for all that it's only our mind playing tricks.	the invisible, creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain.
jimmy anderson edged closer to sir ian botham's record for england's leading wicket-taker in tests.	the 32-year-old is playing in his 100th test match for england this week in antigua.	he has been on the brink of becoming england’s leading wicket-taker.
chelsea and the premier league are furious with the bbc for allowing it to be known that the premier league trophy was being displayed on the centre circle at stamford bridge on tuesday.	there is great sensitivity at chelsea about not presuming their title success before they are crowned champions and manager jose mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace on sunday before celebrating.	jose mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace before celebrating against leicester.
bath produced a ferocious bonus point victory over newcastle at kingston park to keep alive their aviva premiership title bid.	bath head coach mike ford praised burgess's efforts following the game and stated' you've seen the future tonight'.	bath are now six points behind premiership leaders northampton in the table and four above third-placed saracens.
sam burgess has been selected in the back row as bath seek to bounce back from the end of their european dream by defeating newcastle on friday night.	head coach mike ford will examine his credentials at blindside flanker in the aviva premiership showdown at kingston park.	head coach mike robinson is among those who believe he can still win a place in england's world cup squad.	burgess' elevation to the starting xv is one of eight changes made to the team dumped out of the champions cup.
bath fly half george ford ghosts past leinster full-back rob kearney.	england no 10's solo-try was the only score that the west country outfit managed to register in the first-half.	ford is congratulated by bath substitutes sam burgess (left) and max lahiff following his touchdown.
sally cox, 39, stopped her son jed pearce, 10, from going on the visit.	she has stopped her 10-year-old daughter keira going on the visit.	she said:' we are not the only ones that do n't want our kids to go - but i am not prepared to go to the mosque for personal reasons'.
nancy perry will no longer teach students at dublin middle school in georgia.	she gave students her highly critical opinion of president barack obama.	perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim.
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria said women should never say no to their husbands - and claimed marital rape was' made up by european people'.	her right to say no, he asserted, was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband.
modern family star sofia vergara apparently looks 13 years younger than 42.	but an app is now trying to cut through all the cosmetics to determine how old a person looks based on a picture.	it even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are.
sarah jewell, 25, is still living and breathing, a fact she proved when, after the irs told her to contact her local social security office in sparta, she walked right in and announced' i'm alive!' the staff told jewell that someone had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014.	jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that' everything's taken care of'.
laura robson put her injury frustrations to one side over the weekend by heading to tortuga, a country music festival in florida.	the 21-year-old shared a photo on instagram of her soaking up the sun with two friends and captioned the image' country music is the best music # tortuga.	robson's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round where she lost in straight sets.	it appears her next target with be the french open, with the first round starting on sunday, may 24.
hope is that the videos shown to residents of a care home will ease their confusion, forgetfulness and agitation.	the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates, in which drew barrymore's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day.	a suitor, played by sandler, uses videos to remind her of him.
comedian tweeted picture on thursday alongside former england captain david beckham and new york giants' nfl hotshot odell beckham jnr.	comedian replied:' double beckhams!' corden was all smiles as he posed in between the duo.	last month david beckham lifted the lid on his son brooklyn's first date.
manny pacquiao is on his show next week it's just as well jimmy kimmel did n't offend the filipino fighter with his rendition of his inspirational ballad lalaban para sa filipino.	kimmel's appreciation of the song, an earnest work dedicated to pacquiao's fellow filipinos and with footage after the devastating typhoon haiyan in the video, appeared tongue in cheek.	kimmel's sidekick manuel sways to kimmel also as he sings the song dedicated to the filipino people.
frank lampard made a return to chelsea as he walked down king's road with fiancee christine bleakley on thursday.	the 36-year-old was pictured walking down the english capital's iconic king's road, enjoying himself with fiancee christine bleakley.	the couple were all smiles as lampard enjoyed a day off from training with current club manchester city ahead of their weekend premier league clash at home to west ham united.
quinton ‘rampage’ jackson has admitted he has already been through the wringer, even before he steps back into the octagon.	quinton' rampage' jackson and fabio maldonado face off during the ufc 186 weigh-in on friday.
astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust.	the image, together with data collected by nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away.	the nebula and its associated objects are located about 7000 light-years away in the constellation of serpens (the serpent).
jeff bezos' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west texas.	the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing.	it was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space.
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine.	the scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober (left) and drunken images pixel-by-pixel (a single pixel is shown above the left eyebrow).
stuart broad was dismissed for a duck in england's first innings against west indies in antigua.	broad and jimmy anderson are an outstanding combination, taking 526 wickets between them in the 70 tests they have played together.	broad celebrates the wicket of denesh ramdin on day three of the first test against west indies in antigua.
trevor cherry has branded the six united players who withdrew at short notice from saturday's match against charlton a' disgrace'.	italian quartet mirco antenucci, giuseppe bellusci, dario del fabro and marco silvestri, frenchman souleymane doukara and edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london.	redfearn, speaking after his side lost 2-1 at the valley, described it as a' freakish' set of events.
steve morison admits he has never experienced anything like the current circus surrounding the skybet championship side.	leeds united striker steve morison admits he is surprised by the chaos at elland road at the moment.	this is just the latest incident in another turbulent period at elland road.
images of christina o'gorman posing for her father, electrical engineer and photographer mervyn o'gorman, have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs.	the images are part of the royal photographic society, held at the national media museum, bradford.	mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography.
lindsay sandiford, 58, believes she will be executed by the end of the year.	she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine.	australians andrew chan, 31, and myuran sukumaran, 33, were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad.
italian quartet mirco antenucci, giuseppe bellusci, dario del fabro and marco silvestri, frenchman souleymane doukara and edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london.	five of the sextet were signed by banned president massimo cellino, while cani's deal was set-up by the italian before he was banned by the football league for failing its owners and directors test.	redfearn's position at elland road has become increasingly threatened over recent weeks.
hull city are keen on signing alex mowatt.	the 20-year-old has impressed this season scoring nine goals.	hull manager steve bruce is keen to bolster the amount of homegrown talent in his squad this summer.
author martin fletcher points the finger at the late stafford heginbotham, bradford city's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes.	the fire at bradford city's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11, 1985.	the fire engulfs valley parade on a day nobody can ever forget as 56 were killed at the football stadium.
nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain, but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee.	the 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile dundee no 1 bain, but his actions came back to haunt him as the dark blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from jake mcpake and paul heffernan.	dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain.
chad hurst of salt lake city, utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from denver, colorado had landed on sunday.	the young man, who has still not been named by police, was charged with assault and public intoxication.	cbs denver reports the young man was then charged with assault and public intoxication.
australian citizen ibrahim jalloh is reportedly facing drugs charges in guangzhou province.	the revelation follows widespread public anger at indonesia's executions of australian nationals myuran sukumaran and andrew chan despite the pleas of the federal government.	chinese authorities have said that eleven australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death.
a saudi arabian citizen has captured intense footage of a sandstorm sweeping its way across a street, engulfing everything in its path.	the footage, captured on camera in saudi arabia by mohammed mohsen, shows the sandstorm sweeping into the area in which he stands at a staggering speed.
jennifer saunders confirmed yesterday the cast will begin filming in the autumn.	she revealed that joanna lumley, who plays patsy in the comedy (pictured with saunders) had told her to ‘ do it before we die’ and she was spurred on to finish the script by a £10,000 bet with dawn french.	jennifer saunders, who plays immature edina, told itv’s loose women that she had been' nervous' about writing the film script.
research for trade magazine found that just 32 per cent of uk consumers have heard of campylobacter germs and many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves.	many people are still ignorant of the dangers of eating chicken despite campaigns to highlight risks.	more than 70 per cent of britons rightly identified chicken as the main source of food poisoning.
aliesha peterson, 22, detailed the extensive fitness routine that helped her go from 145lbs to 127lbs – and enabled the alberta, canada, resident to gain a noticeably fitter, and much more muscular, physique, as well as an impressive six-pack.	aliesha's routine is made up of exercises that focus on a different part of her body for each day.
campaigners against the new protein world' are you beach body ready? transport for london (tfl) has revealed that the controversial posters around the london underground featuring a bikini-clad model called renee somerfield are being removed.
fa are understood to have secured a three-year contract with emirates airlines.	the deal, due to be rubber-stamped by the fa board on thursday, is believed to be worth at least £10million a year.	comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
arsenal's new home was named the emirates stadium after a big-money deal in 2004.	the £30million deal would add to emirates' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship.	sportsmail takes a look at the current deals the famous airline has on the table.
michael bisping is eyeing a long-awaited homecoming ahead of his fight against cb dollaway.	the manchester middleweight takes on dollaway in montreal on saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career.	bisping is open to fighting again in glasgow this july.
andrei arshavin is set to be released by russian league leaders zenit st petersburg when his contract expires in the summer.	zenit coach andre villas-boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair, whose current deals expire at the end of the season.	arshavin spent four years at arsenal between 2009 and 2013.
fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto has admitted that he is still considering a move to chelsea as he wants to join a club where he will' play and develop'.	chelsea have made an offer for muto according to fc tokyo president naoki ogane.	chelsea would look to loan muto to partner club vitesse arnhem next season.
carl frampton has been offered a huge £1.5million payday to face scott quigg in one of the biggest all-british fights in recent memory.	the proposal was made live on television with frampton’s team, led by barry mcguigan’s cyclone promotions, given until the end of the week to accept the terms.	eddie hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight with carl frampton.
alastair cook and jonathan trott on the back of their failures here but i think they should both play all three tests against west indies.	alastair cook, for instance, will end up with one of the greatest of all england records and you have to give people of calibre every possible chance to show they are worth a place.
wayne rooney, the captain, poised to overtake sir bobby charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in england’s history? danny welbeck, the top scorer — or the captain whose partnership with luis suarez almost propelled liverpool to the title last season? charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr.	austin has had an excellent year but england have earned their place in the squad.
suffolk coroner peter dean told an inquest into the death of signer chris hardman, aka lil chris died on march 23 in lowestoft after a long battle with depression.	the 24-year-old pop star, whose real name was chris hardman, died on march 23.	emergency services were called to his home in union road, lowestoft, that morning and death was confirmed at 11.48am.	mr hardman's family said he was' a huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him'.
amanda holden, 44, stuns on her cover shoot for the june 2015 issue of good housekeeping.	holden, who married record producer chris hughes in 2008, has two daughters, nine-year-old alexa and three-year-old hollie.
michelle filkins, 44, of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property.	she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17.	filkins was arrested on april 17 after owner mark conklin found her sitting in his summer home.
khloe kardashian has hit back at critics of her instagram post reaction to monday night's riots in baltimore saying she is' damned if i do n't'.	the 30-year-old reality star posted this photo to instagram on monday night as protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral.
disgraced nbc anchor brian williams has threatened to make his departure from the channel' really ugly'.	the 55-year-old newsman was suspended in february with no pay for six months.	he was replaced by lester holt, who has kept ratings relatively steady.	it is unclear whether nbc will put williams back in the top slot when the suspension ends.
angel di maria has a new no 7 tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm.	the 27-year-old midfielder has been linked with a move away from old trafford.	speculation about his future could be squashed following his latest tattoo.
dulwich picture gallery began discussing the idea of introducing a fake painting to their collection, no-one could have imagined it would have led to the quadrupling of visitor numbers.	it has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to' spot the fake'.
alistair brownlee recovered from a fall to claim victory in his return to world triathlon series action in cape town.	the 27-year-old, who missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury, sprinted away to beat rival javier gomez with frenchman vincent luis in third.
jordan spieth shattered record after saving par on the 16th hole.	the 21-year-old held a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action.	spieth grew up the oldest of three siblings to shawn and chris spieth.
jimmy anderson and sir ian botham are the leading wicket-takers in england test history proves cricket is a game in which players of completely different character can thrive.	it takes a range of types to make a successful team and you could not get more contrasting personalities than sir ian and the quiet lad.
louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year.	the dutch doctor has n't just stuck plasters over the wounds, he's breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health.	wayne rooney, ashley young and juan mata celebrate during the derby win against rivals manchester city.
manchester city supporters sing a song with the line:' we're not really here.	noel gallagher says there is' apathy' towards the champions league among the city supporters.	manuel pellegrini could be worried about his position at manchester city after losing against their fierce rivals.
louis van gaal should be crowned manager of the year.	leicester city striker jamie vardy scored their first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend.	vardy was being criticised two years ago at leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.
barnet defeated gateshead 2-0 in the conference clash.	mauro vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as barnet beat gateshead 2-0.	bristol rovers would have to make do with the play-offs.	there is just something about this club that keeps attracting the man nicknamed mad dog back.
martin allen and barnet will land in benidorm on wednesday afternoon as conference champions.	the man known as mad dog predicted they would win promotion to league two long before it was confirmed on saturday.	the title-winning victory ensures martin allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
diddy and mark wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao mega-fight.	diddy originally suggests a $100,000 wager, before being raised by wahlberg as the duo chat while sitting by a swimming pool.	diddy puts his money where his mouth is and the duo agree to put $250,000 on the showdown.
zenit st petersburg striker hulk lived up to his nickname on monday night by dressing up as the aforementioned superhero at the premiere of the avengers: age of ultron movie.	the 28-year-old, who has 41 caps for brazil, recently signed a new long-term deal at the russian club until the end of the 2018-19 season.	zenit's no 7's previous previous deal, reportedly worth more than £5million a year, had been due to expire in summer 2017.
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight champion title on saturday night.	the american secured a submission victory over kyoji horiguchi in montreal.	horiguchi was dangerous in the opening round, as his blend of unorthodox, karate-based movements and impressive speed gave him some pause in the early going.
leonardo jardim put the finishing touches to his squad's preparation on tuesday as the french club geared up for the second leg of their champions league quarter-final against juventus.	leonardo jardim addresses his players at training on tuesday morning ahead of the clash at stade louis ii on wednesday with the bulgarian striker insisting a place in the last four is within their reach.	leonardo jardim watches on during the training session on tuesday morning.
toni duggan says england will fear nobody at this summer's world cup finals.	manchester city striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in canada in june.	england have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous world cup appearances but duggan, who has 11 goals in 16 games for her country.
mauricio pochettino has admitted his scouts are already working behind the scenes on finalising the club's targets ahead of next season.	ukrainian forward yarmolenko is emerging as a realistic target for the white hart lane club.	tottenham are eyeing a move for dynamo kiev's andriy yarmolenko, eluding fiorentina's marcos alonso.
paris saint-germain have held initial discussions over a possible move for dinamo kiev winger andriy yarmolenko.	ukraine flyer tormented everton in their europa league tie last month.	psg are weighing up options with manchester united refusing to budge on angel di maria.
christian eriksen has warned that they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for next season's europa league.	spurs are sixth in the barclays premier league, which would bring european qualification, but there has been talk in the past that europe's second-tier competition does them more harm than good.	eriksen says the benefits of qualifying for the much-maligned europa league does n't see many issues with the competition itself.
alastair cook has been working on a new stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months.	but in the first test against the west indies, i think he overdid it.	the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord's in 2007.
tiger woods looks over his second shot on the seventh hole as the augusta crowd look on.	woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm, right there, but he reset it.	woods reacts in pain after hitting a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole.
florian thauvin has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with metz as marseille push for a £15m sale.	the 22-year-old was the subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year.
manchester united fear daniel levy will play hardball should they decided to pursue their interest in hugo lloris.	spurs planning to slap a £35million price tag on the keeper to ward of his potential suitors, while the north london club are determined not to sell the frenchman to a domestic rival.
pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child’s health at risk, scientists claim.	they say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk – which could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life.
osman yaya, 12, was moderating a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded when answering a question about how to avoid writer's block.	as the president started getting a little long-winded and osman stepped in.	osman yaya from bennett middle school in salisbury, maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on thursday.
mazzy, who suffers from spina bifida, was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears.	brikly insisted her mother tell the crew it was mazzy's birthday so that she could get a' wing pin' from the pilot.
children are known to copy the actions of their parents.	the youngster emulates the way her pregnant mother walks - and the result is hilarious.	the youngster pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum's pregnant walk in the background.
uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston, america.	at first the driver lets the radio play before he begins singing along to the pavarotti song in perfect tune.
the incident took place in olani village, four kilometres from manpur, in central india.	villagers from the relative safety of hut rooftops ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon.	the brave village watchman stands on guard with his stick as the leopard moves towards him.
baron the german shepherd was filmed using the toilet as he entered the bathroom and lifted up the toilet seat.	he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself.	once he's finished, he puts down both the toilet seat and flushes before running out.
liam sandham, of fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank that involves burning his friend in a van.	capturing the video from his camera phone, the plasterer initially films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass, which he moves back and forwards.
bailey murrill, of denton in texas, had been paralyzed for 11 days.	she had regained feeling and movement in her legs and walked towards her.	the video was filmed by bailey's mother becky murrill to capture the moment.
rita wilson pretends to be sad that men do n't completely dominate film industry in a new gender-equality psa by the make it fair project.	the clip, which was created by the make it fair project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood.
the sweet youngsters are blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent.	the video, called the unique connection, was created by pandora to celebrate mother's day and the special bond between mother and child.
description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung, claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china's sand bay.	it was reportedly fished out of the water by workers from the department of drainage, who later captured the animal in a steel cage.	the vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast.
harley jolly, tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin’s baldwin street on three-wheeled vehicles known as' slide trikes'.	the short clip opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill, famed for its 35 per cent gradient.	harley jolly, tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin’s baldwin street on their trikes.
puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound.	the pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion.
tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon, had a clear lead on his rival meron simon, who competes for the university of washington.	but at a track meet saturday in eugene, oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.	simon's time, 8:57.86, exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds.
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec, canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases.	but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
footage captured at a birthday party in sichuan province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage.	placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights.
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch.	footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen.	he then sleepily rolls over and snuggles up against his owner.
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california.	footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink, before loading them into the dishwasher.
selfie sticks and extreme sports are not designed to go together.	the man begins his descent of the mountain and a skier can be seen decked out in purple holding a matching selfie stick to film himself in action.
saskia, the girlfriend of an arsenal fan who aced a written exam on all things gunners to save their relationship.	the post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers, with widespread congratulations coming from gunners fans.
arsenal midfielder mesut ozil can not wait for the ever-nearing kick-off.	the 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon.	ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight from the hit action show knight rider.	wilshere was on the bench for arsenal's fa cup semi-final against reading.
light-heavyweight jon jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident.	the 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman.	if jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.	jones has a history of drugs usage after he tested positive for cocaine metabolites ahead of his fight against daniel cormier in january.
michael bisping admitted he had expected an easier fight after beating cb dollaway on points in montreal.	the manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year.	he said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night.
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united worth in the region of £80,000-a-week.	the 25-year-old england centre-back had been linked with a move to arsenal.	but the defender has now committed himself to united until 2019.
pele and franz beckenbauer reunited in new york on friday afternoon.	the pair played for new york cosmos together in the late 1970s.	they were pioneers at the time, bringing football to a territory that had rarely seen the game before.
hashim amla is to join derbyshire next month for three natwest t20 blast and two lv= county championship matches.	amla has been recruited to replace martin guptill after the new zealander was called up by his country for the test series against england.	amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for derbyshire, starting next month.
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach.	the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.	he said:' it was always a big dream of mine to work in the south african cricket environment'.
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii.	they found that robots designed for surgery could be' easily' hacked in to.	this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working.	teleoperation means an operator can use the robot remotely, through a control console.
randy boehning, a 52-year-old who's represented fargo since 2002, sent messages and a photo of his penis to a 21-year-old gay man in bismark named dustin smith.	smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story, and explicit photo, to the press.	but while admitting he's gay and uses grindr, the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a smear campaign by a rival.
jia jiang was determined to become an entrepreneur that, as a child in china, he dug a hole in the garden, intending to reach america by the shortest route.	he eventually made the journey by conventional means, and found a good life there.
mo farah will race over 1500 metres at the sainsbury's birmingham grand prix in june, organisers have announced.	the double olympic champion will race in birmingham in the first time he's competed in 1,500m since 2013.	the race will be the first time the 32-year-old has competed over 1500m since he broke the european record.
thierry henry believes arsenal need to sign four new players this summer.	arsene wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 premier league season.	jose mourinho says it will cost' huge money' for cech who is still reliable and a calming influence.
sarah weatherill, 31, drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic, depressed, suffering heart palpitations and was constantly feeling anxious as her £105-a-week habit spiralled out of control.	her habit was at its worst following year when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise for exams.
john worden, 52, has been living in his vehicle for years since his apartment burned down and he was left homeless.	there are around 30 drivers that float in and out of this parking lot in the sodo area of the city in washington state.
suge knight laughed in court on thursday as he revealed he hopes floyd mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight.	knight's attorney said he believes mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on saturday.	mayweather, an undefeated professional worth $420 million, is set to land a record pay check after going head-to-head with manny pacquiao on saturday.
cle' bone' sloan told police suge knight growled' i'll kill you'.	police say that was the moment before knight killed terry carter and tried to kill sloan by running over them.	knight, the co-founder of death row records, has denied killing terry carter and trying to kill cle' bone' sloan in a parking lot in compton on january 18.
wigan on the verge of dropping into english football’s third-tier after a dreadful season.	the latics will have to face brentford next weekend without star man james mcclean who received his marching orders in injury-time for a second bookable offence.	wolverhampton's benik afobe scored the winner in a 1-0 defeat of wigan.
if wigan athletic are to be relegated from the sky bet championship, their new manager gary caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming.	martyn waghorn took that a little too literally against millwall, his red card for a senseless kick at dan harding punished by a lions side determined to avoid a similar fate.	millwall team-mates rush to congratulate substitute magaye gueye after he scored their second goal.
petra wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son, noah, nine.	she set up her own business, the west brewery, in 2006... listening to the italian businessman on the other end of the line.	he had heard about the huge popularity of petra’s bottled beer.
cui hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over by a canadian tourist.	mrs hongfang's husband said she fell down the stairs after she was knocked over by a canadian woman.	mrs hongfang, from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china, struck her head in a tragedy that was ruled an accident by police.
the new 2.0 tfsi s line quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1.	the interior of a manual version of the audi soft-top can be seen here.
ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab' a large handful of cash' from the car, witnesses told police.	the accident occurred in southeastern albuquerque just before noon on sunday local time when the driver of a rented suv jumped a red light.	officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as mma and rental car documents in jones' name.	police were searching for ufc champion jon jones in connection with a hit-and-run accident.
michael essien's £75,000 range rover vogue has been stolen from the driveway of his surrey home.	burglars targeted the property, in cobham where chelsea's training ground is based, and made off with the 4x4.	ghana midfielder essien, 32, left chelsea to join ac milan in january 2014.
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career.	mccoy has 4,357 winning memories.	he was known as the master in american racing, comparable in his field to joe dimaggio and golf's jack nicklaus.
javier hernandez is enjoying a fine run of form at real madrid - scoring three times in his last two games.	madrid coach carlo ancelotti said on monday that the european champions would take stock of hernandez's situation at the end of the season.
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti will not rush into a decision on javier hernandez.	the striker on loan from manchester united has scored four goals in four.	carlo ancelotti is willing to make a final decision on hernandez once the season is over.
michael juskin allegedly killed his wife rosalia, 88, with an axe while she slept before he committed suicide with a knife on sunday night.	visibly upset neighbors gathered in front of their bergen county, new jersey house on monday morning.	100-year-old michael juskin allegedly killed his 88-year-old wife with an ax while she slept before he went into the bathroom and committed suicide with a knife.
blaine boudreaux, 34, charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate dui crashes in houston.	his mother, cynthia, was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones.	boudreaux was arrested at the scene after failing a field sobriety test.
cournswood house is in the south of buckinghamshire.	his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park, and a memorial stone to knox can be found bordering the property.	the first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox, who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death.
mel greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events.	the 33-year-old said in the letter that with the impending birth of the second child for the duke and duchess of cambridge, she understood the pressure of needing to find' a new angle' when providing coverage of news events.	greig and fellow 2day fm co-host michael christian posed as the queen and prince charles as part of the prank in 2012 to gain information about the duchess of cambridge.
damian lewis played henry viii in the six-part series on the rapid rise to power of sir thomas cromwell in king henry's court.	victoria miller, who has researched the codpiece for her phd, said those used in the show would have been far too modest for henry viii's court.	damien lewis, who played thomas cromwell, blamed there diminutive size on a' directive from our american producers'.
nigel benn, who now lives in australia and works as a charity worker, looked as sharp as ever as he joined in a playful pad session with ricky hatton at his manchester gym.	benn landed a series of punches, including one that saw hatton's glove fly off, as he put the 36-year-old through his paces following his return to england.	earlier this week, hatton and benn met up to discuss the possibility of the ‘ hitman' training conor benn, nigel’s son, ahead of the 2016 olympics in rio.
micah richards has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move to fiorentina.	his contract at manchester city expires at least until he knows where he'll be playing next season.	richards has had ample time to reflect on his career so far.
andy carroll is stepping up his return to fitness following knee surgery.	the west ham striker is currently in dubai with his partner billi mucklow.	he will not have a break over the summer and will be working hard on his rehab.
nicholas tooth, 25, was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday.	he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a first grade rugby game has been described by his club as a well-respected player and all round' good bloke'.	he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on sunday.
incredible pictures show a lone lioness bringing down a giraffe all by herself.	the desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal.	but the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
norway international odegaard dropped the norwegian from the castilla side this month.	the 16-year-old was pictured with former brazil international ronaldo.	he is said to be on a different wave length to his castilla team-mates.
paige vanzant proved she is more than just hype with a dominant performance over felice herrig.	the 21-year-old, one of the few ufc athletes to be awarded an individual contract with reebok, never looked troubled over the three rounds.	vanzant lays into herrig on her way to a lop-sided points victory in new jersey.
paige vanzant and felice herrig will face each other in the octagon on saturday night.	vanzant and paige vanzant face off during the ufc fight night weigh-in event at the prudential center.	vanzant fights for the second time under the ufc banner when she takes on felice herrig.
jose mourinho has come under fire for chelsea's lack of possession.	jose mourinho is the premier league’s most wanted.	mourinho watched his side draw 0-0 at home to norwich.	mourinho was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by chelsea.
david raven stabbed home the winner to take inverness caledonian thistle to the scottish cup final.	full back david raven peels away after scoring the winner for inverness against celtic in the scottish cup semi-final.	celtic think they are so gigantic they have a divine right to get to the final.
manchester united boss louis van gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by chelsea.	van gaal poses for pictures with united fans at the training ground during a day for the club's foundation.	van gaal knows what does he need to achieve to be considered a success at united.
teana walsh, who is paid by michigan taxpayers to pursue justice, wrote an unhinged post on her facebook urging a deadly response to violence in the troubled maryland city.	walsh suggested deadly force should be used against the violent protesters.	walsh's bosses to issue a statement defending her, claiming the post was' completely out of character'.
freddie gray sustained his fatal injuries does not come with a bolt sticking out from the back door, chevrolet has confirmed.	designs from the car maker show that the chevrolet express - the vehicle used by the baltimore police department - is smooth on the inside of both cage doors.	the development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force which emerged today in a report of its internal investigation into gray's death.
georgia davis, 22, weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare, south wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital.	the seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics.	no traffic can get to nearby schools.
labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively formation above zuccoli -25km southeast from darwin - on friday morning.	a phallic shaped cloud appeared last week in zuccoli, 25km southeast of darwin.
a baltimore police officer was pictured monday night lobbing a piece of rock back at protesters.	a video of one intense interaction between a group of rioters and police showed a similar scene, though it's unclear whether the clip captured the same officer.	baltimore police did not immediately return daily mail online's request for comment tuesday morning.
if the ad world's top gunslingers, it's hard to believe that the advertising brains behind them thought they might actually work.	we've unearthed some of the more comical adverts that were regularly placed in the nation's national newspapers or glossy magazines.
the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of benghazi.	libya's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year and intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months have reduced much of benghazi to rubble.
the state's new community services minister said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million.	communities minister brad hazzard said it was a' very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future.	mr hazzard added that he was unsure as to why public housing tenants have never been made to pay a bond similar to that paid by private renters.
philip lyle hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex because he liked ‘ gummy ladies’ claims he was just trying to ‘help’ them.	the woman, who can not be named for legal reasons, told the court she never consented to hansen pulling out her teeth.
west ham midfielder pedro obiang has been linked with a move to the premier league.	chief executive tony scholes was understood to be in the stands as sampdoria played out a 1-1 draw with verona on wednesday night.
former treasurer peter costello has fired a damaging salvo at the abbott government.	ever since the government released his tax discussion paper calling for a' lower, simpler, fairer' system there has been nothing but suggestions for taxes that are higher.	mr costello said on tuesday, citing a proposed bank deposit tax and a push for a greater contribution from multinational companies.
phil simmons is trying to create as new west indies coach.	they will inspire their team-mates with their discipline, character and application, just as mike atherton inspired me with the way he batted to save a test in johannesburg.
toya graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police.	the riots broke out following the death of 25-year-old freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by baltimore police.
iran's revolutionary guards' harassed' a us-flagged commercial ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors, it has emerged.	the two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz.	news of the first incident was revealed by the pentagon after iranian guards seized mv maersk tigris this week, by firing warning shots across the vessel's bows.	in the april 24 incident, four iranian patrol boats forced a marshall islands-flagged ship, the maersk tigris, to iran's larak island.
joko widodo's chief political rival prabowo subianto ignored reassurances from his chief political rival prabowo subianto (right) that he would support a decision to grant clemency to australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran.	mr joko penned a letter to mr joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to' postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision.	independent senator nick xenophon said he was told earlier in the year by human rights advocates that mr joko was' very sympathetic' to clemency.
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor's recent comments about being able to' kill' the boxer inside 30 seconds - claiming he is just being a publicity hound.	conor mcgregor showed off his expensive bmw 640i m sport convertible on his latest instagram post.	he's not been shy to show off his flash cars and expensive clothing on his social media sites.
musk introduced the powerwall device at a press conference in california last night.	the device, which could be in homes by the end of summer, will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper.	users can then switch the battery on during the day to use the home during the day.
the idea that earth is set to form a new supercontinent - dubbed amasia - is not new.	the idea that earth is set to form a new supercontinent - dubbed amasia - is not new.	but new techniques are allowing experts to study the changes in unprececdented ways.
researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the early ahmarian culture and the protoaurignacian culture.	they found the human tools were no more effective than neanderthal-created tools of the same era.	neanderthals (reconstruction right) may not have been as dim-witted as first believe, claims the study.
james houlder and his girlfriend vicki hood saved up for months.	the couple say they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea.	vicki, 22, claims she too has been plagued by sickness including a kidney infection.
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker jackson martinez last week.	the 28-year-old wants to leave portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million.	the colombia international came close to joining ac milan in january but the club failed to agree a fee.
manchester city striker natasha flint bagged a hat-trick as the young lions squad came from a goal down to secure an impressive victory at seaview.	saturday's defeat to norway could yet prove costly as england can now make it to this summer's finals in israel as best-placed runners up.	manchester city striker jodie brett found the back of the net before flint grabbed her first goal of the match.
alastair cook's innings into day three in grenada was spot-on.	he worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76.	yet it is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 test hundreds can.
supermodel twiggy, 65, shows off her age-defying looks as she models her new summer range for m & s.	promises that her latest collection will be available on may 14, will instantly update your summer wardrobe with its chic colour palette, gorgeous prints and great silhouettes.
versace designer donatella versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand, but this is the first time she is modeling for another designer.	donatella re-posted the snap on her own account, captioning it:' for my talented friend riccardo.	together we break fashion boundaries today!' she continued in another post, thanking riccardo and the shoot's photographers, mert alas and marcus piggott.
david haye, 34, was arrested at dubai international airport and held in a police cell over a £341,000 bounced cheque.	the boxer, who has not fought since he defeated dereck chisora in 2012, also handed over his passport to authorities, and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates.	the cheque, worth 1.8million emirati dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers emaar, which is part-owned by the dubai government.	haye has said the' bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms.	ramsey, the only black manager in the premier league, has been vocal on racism in football in the past and supports john barnes’s assertion that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked.	ramsey believes that the implementing of a rooney rule could help raise awareness of the' covert' issue.
former ole miss star marshall henderson was mocked for his alleged drug use by erin andrews on twitter two years ago.	but he has had the last laugh, after he jumped on revelations the tv reporter's boyfriend, los angeles kings player jarret stoll, was busted in las vegas last week.	stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home.
raheem sterling is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe.	he recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield.	the 20-year-old was snapped on a social media site with the picture.	it is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes.
the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour.	samples of the bizaree creature, known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail, were sent to see otago museum for testing.	department of conservation service manager david agnew told daily mail australia he had never seen anything like it.
chief executive mike coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last september.	former business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques.	court has sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime.
joe root showed plenty of grit, as well as talent, in yet another big innings for england.	he tells himself every day that he must enjoy the game but that takes nothing away from the quality of his magnificent performances.
russian hiker performed surgery on himself at the top of the mountain.	the man, who was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains, found himself injured and unable to continue the ascent.	it is believed the man, whose nickname is' che', was struck by a huge falling icicle, causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma.
swedish international lindegaard posted a link to beqiri's instagram account with the message:' day off with my sunshine @ missebeqiri # cheshire # manchester'.	danish beauty, who has albanian roots, regularly posts pictures while she's modelling at work.	lindegaard and beqiri have been dating since 2012.
lance armstrong has said the world anti-doping agency and others are' owed an apology' from him for cheating during his cycling career.	noted that the agency's chief rebuffed efforts to meet back in 2013.	armstrong initially declined comment on howman's remark, but on wednesday provided the ap with a may 2013 email exchange with howman, who initially indicted he could meet with armstrong, then backed off under advice from wada lawyers.
hein verbruggen, the controversial head of international cycling, says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the uci.	the independent commission for reform in cycling's report concluded that, under verbruggen's leadership, the uci had colluded with armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-times tour de france winner had doped.	verbruggen has now written to all uci board members saying he has put the' scandalously biased' report - which he also calls a' character assassination'.
mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but did n't do enough against chelsea.	the german, celebrating the fa cup win over reading, needs to start performing to live up to his £42m tag.	instead of giving a shallow critique fuelled by sour grapes on chelsea's title winners.
brendan rodgers has killed off lambert's career and you've got to feel sorry for joining liverpool – why would he turn that down? at the time he was a confident striker – playing regularly in the premier league and scoring goals for southampton.	lambert missed out on saturday at west brom because of a hip injury but it must have been gutting for him to see mario balotelli get yet another chance.
manchester united beat everton 3-0 in the second half of the premier league.	louis van gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn manchester united into title contenders.	borussia dortmund's midfield pair of ilkay gundogan and sven bender fit the bill.
patrick vieira has been part of the coaching team at manchester city.	he has been taking his coaching badges with the welsh football association.	vieira worked as football development executive at city.
legendary barcelona captain carles puyol is training ahead of a return to playing with new york city or qatar.	the 36-year-old retired last may after 15 years at his boyhood club having struggled to return from a persistent knee injury.	if the reports from spanish paper mundo deportivo prove true, puyol could join up with manchester city midfielder frank lampard in the states.
toby huntington-whiteley, 25, stars in the new summer advert for men's clothing brand jacamo.	the 25-year-old shows off his supermodel pout as he wears a tailored suit in the streets of palma.
tiny robots, the size of an a4 sheet, are being programmed to lift cars.	the robots, collectively called avert, are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece.
nasa's mission control reported that a video camera on progress showed it to be spinning at a' rather significant rate'.	orbital parameters were due to be sent from a russian ground site, allowing for a eight' rendevous burns' to be performed over the next five hours of flight.	but that plan has now been' indefinitely abandoned'.
taline gabrielian, 33, of sydney's northern beaches has recreated the range of chocolate bar favourites, including mars bars, snickers, bounty, twix and cherry ripe.	chocoholics, who began stocking raw treats in local cafes and photographing them, only realised the serious demand for her sweet treats when she reached 80,000 followers within a year.
researchers at yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the unique shape of your ear, your palm or any other body part you want to access your device.	the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras.	bodyprint was devised by christian holz, senaka buthpitiya, and marius knaust from the california-based yahoo labs.
salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet, by automatically unlocking it whenever the user is nearby.	the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres).
matthew colvin, 26, was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven, mississippi, and will be extradited to memphis on wednesday.	the rock' n' soul museum reported on april 21 that an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.	an investigator lifted prints and matched them to colvin, wmc-tv reported.	colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft.
ssangyong (korean for' two dragons' has given its new sporty five-door family runaround a very european name - tivoli - after the stylish italian town near rome, home to the villa d'este, a unesco world heritage site famed for its renaissance architecture and garden.	ssangyong (korean for' two dragons' is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle from under £13,000 that promises value for money motoring for drivers who believe in watching their pennies.	but ssangyong (korean for' two dragons' is launching a new sports utility vehicle from £16,000 to £19,000.
protein world caused a twitter storm recently with its london underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini, asking:' are you beach body ready?' the poster, promoting weight loss, came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming and called for the offending images to be removed.	transport for london are in the process of removing the ad, and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster.
fabio lovato, 30, created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in australia.	the one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words,' laura i have a questions for you'.
researchers found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal' reaction chamber'.	many beetles secrete foul-smelling or bad-tasting chemicals from their abdomens to ward off predators, but bombardier beetles take it a step further.	this behaviour has been caught on camera by wendy moore and her colleagues at the university of arizona.
a note on the cardboard container, left on a woman's car, indicated they were born last friday and their mother had died.	the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment.
carl froch will be a keen observer when julio cesar chavez jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence.	chavez faces andrzej fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on saturday night but has said he is open to facing the brit later this year.	froch had hoped to take on the mexican this month in las vegas but a shoulder injury forced the nottingham world champion to pull out.
jason matthews, 40, left his black saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the manchester marathon on april 19.	but the runner from wolverhampton finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it.	his car has now been found safe and sound by adam coppin from salford, who read of mr matthews's plight and decided to use his day off to help.
jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator’s barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend’s father mark harris.	the 23-year-old, who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend, is captured standing before her stretching his muscles.	jordan meikle stretches his muscles in front of the spectator's barriers at the london marathon.
paul smith has landed a shot at the unbeaten californian andre ward.	the fight in oakland, california will not be for ward's wba super-middleweight world title.	but it amounts to a huge, albeit daunting, opportunity for smith.
jack grealish feels ashamed about inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon.	sherwood inspired villa to fa cup semi-final victory over liverpool.	grealish, 19, was pictured taking so-called ‘ hippy crack’, a legal high, after a night out nearly a year ago.
alastair cook scored the runs to defeat west indies in the second test.	he did everything right as a bowler, catcher and fielder.	england captain alastair cook was the captaincy and batting of alastair cook.
the rubber bowl in akron, ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the university of akron's football team for 68 years.	the team played its first game at the stadium in 1940, the year after it was built, but let the university purchase the title to the stadium for just $1 in 1971.
leslie cooper was charged with murdering iman abdul hadi arwani.	they also visited the wembley home of burnell mitchell, 61, who is a director at the community centre where mr arwani used to preach regularly.	the 61-year-old, who is known as' bernie', was of jamaican origin and became a muslim several years ago.
jessica mccarty, six-year-old phillip mccarty and five-month-old christopher swist died in palm bay, florida, in march has spoken out about the kids he cared for and loved.	mccarty, father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating jessica mccarty, called the police on herself.	investigators say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was' sorry for what she had to do'.	jessica mccarty still faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incidents that occurred on march 20.
hector morejon was shot by a long beach, california, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident.	according to her attorney, his mother, lucia morejon, was at home when she heard the shots.	lucia morejon, the heartbroken mother of a unarmed teen who was shot dead by police has revealed the last words her son spoke as he lay dying in an ambulance.
christian was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta.	the incident happened on thursday afternoon near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta.	major darin schierbaum said police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck.	witnesses told ajc.com, people were startled by the gunfire near the intersection of martin luther king jr. drive and pryor street.
australian prime minister tony abbott thrilled players at a sydney australian rules football club function by skolling a beer.	mr abbott was asked to have a drink by university of technology sydney bats coach simon carradous.	it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted' skol' and' tony'.	mr abbott is not the first australian prime minister to show off his skolling skills.
exotic pet owner kayonna cole holding her female rose hair spider up to the camera as it digs its fangs into her skin.	kayonna holds her hand steady as the tarantula removes its fangs from her skin and tucks them in slightly.	later in the video the spider begins to use to pinch away at kayonna’s hand.
calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa.	when the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently.
footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque.	footage shows the youngster approaching its mother rozie.	before it stops on its mother’s back and appears to consider whether or not it is content with its current position.
freddie gray broke his neck after falling head-first into the back of the van.	they claimed there was' no evidence' gray sustained a fatal spine injury.	it is believed he fell into the door, breaking his neck, during the journey.
roger, an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan.	sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.	alpha kangaroo roger cuddles up to his new soft toy bunny while showing off his massive guns.
ap mccoy makes a lap of honour round the parade ring with champion jockey's trophy at sandown.	mccoy will be attending the wedding of one of wife chanelle’s friends.	mccoy, who doesn’t play tennis, has challenged channel 4 presenter emma spencer.
liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states.	the 30-year-old from bexleyheath discusses his family's visits to portland, coming up against orlando city's brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against seattle sounders on monday morning.
peter scudamore rode an incredible 1,678 winners but has seen his achievements dwarfed by ap mccoy.	he has won virtually every big race in the calendar but mccoy’s greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden.	great rival richard johnson is closest to him and the gap is around 1,500 winners.
lada's 4x4 niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the russian carmaker.	the niva is a highly capable, ruftytufty 4x4 from russia — for a fraction of the price of a new land rover and it is also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding vat and road tax).
stella maxwell unveiled as one of ten new victoria's secret angels.	she's deemed something special and the future begins to look pretty bright.	she has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for the likes of asos, h & m, river island and urban outfitters.
the custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period.	the jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon, although he will be able to fit dozens of guests.
the fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste.	the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free.	it tries hard to set itself free by beating its legs, heaving itself backwards and twisting slightly.
saige, five, has had enough of living with her mother for five years.	in the video titled,' saige is mad and she's moving on'.	saige says she's been in the house' way too long... for, like, five years'.
the gorilla throws his entire weight at the pane of glass at omaha's henry doorley zoo.	the gorilla then launches himself, and his hundreds of pounds, at the little girl, hitting the glass with such force it cracks.
sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club.	the king was truly crowned after becoming the first man to birdie both the final two holes at augusta national to win the masters.	palmer had already sunk a 35-footer on the 17th to tie ken venturi.
mark o'meara celebrates his winning putt in 1998.	mark o'meara's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour.	but o'meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on sunday.
lewis hamilton celebrates winning the bahrain grand prix ahead of sebastian vettel and mercedes team-mate nico rosberg (right).	but the british driver’s performances are almost certainly the most complete of his startling career.
lewis hamilton is 13 points clear in the race for the drivers' championship after winning the chinese grand prix.	rosberg feared he might be overtaken by vettel before the second round of pit stops when hamilton claimed his second victory from three races.	he was sitting next to lewis hamilton — as close as the german had got to his mercedes team-mate all afternoon of the chinese grand prix.
bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a formula one world championship grand prix in bahrain.	the circuit itself has n't delivered many spectacular races, and you will be hard pressed to create a top five bahrain grand prix list.	the scot would retire on race day with an engine problem after 50 laps - but he lasted 43 laps longer.
the shanghai circuit held the inaugural chinese grand prix in 2004.	the brazilian grand prix is held as a potential title decider late on in the year.	herman tilke ensures he gets his long straight and hairpin turn in, but it flows like malaysia.
england's dressing-room brains trust will take on an extra dimension if zafar ansari, the surrey spin-bowling all-rounder, makes his international debut against ireland in malahide on may 8.	the 23-year-old ansari, who celebrated his call-up with four essex wickets at the kia oval, graduated from cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics.	he is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south.
nicklas bendtner was not included in the wolfsburg squad for sunday's draw against schalke as punishment for turning up late for training on friday.	the denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped from the entire squad after his poor timekeeping landed him in hot water with manager dieter hecking.	the wolfsburg boss probably did n't need an invitation to lose his temper after watching his side crumble to a 4-1 home defeat by napoli in the europa league.
bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater goldsands stadium - as a tactic to help them next season.	the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the south stand and the east stand.	manager eddie howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage.
manchester united have confirmed their plans to revisit the usa on pre-season this summer.	manchester united's pre-season tour of the united states will see them play louis van gaal's ex-club barca.	united will play once again in the international champions’ cup, the tournament they won in america.
chelsea will face paris saint-germain in a pre-season friendly in july.	the blues will play psg in north carolina on july 25.	it is one of three games mourinho’s side will feature in across the pond.
raheem sterling was told in no uncertain terms by liverpool supporters.	the new gingham design, presented to supporters at anfield on friday, is the first offering from us sports brand new balance, who struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company warrior as liverpool's suppliers.	new balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company warrior as liverpool's suppliers.
liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign.	it ends three seasons of the reds having their kit manufactured by warrior where, despite a string of smart home strips, away kits ranged from the bright to the bizarre.	home kit (1983-1985) liverpool's golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits but the strip worn against roma in the 1984 european cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status.
west ham have announced a new five-year multi-million pound kit deal with umbro.	the hammers join fellow premier league sides everton and hull in partnering with the former england kit makers.	umbro produced the first-ever west ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s.	west ham last wore an umbro kit when bobby moore lifted the world cup in 1966.
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer tour of the us.	the club are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days.	ryan giggs is pictured in an adidas shirt, the barclays premier league side last wore adidas shirts in 1992.
bon apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a loaf of bread is to run it under the tap.	they promise that this trick will revive your crusty old bread before dinner time.
map above shows the countries in europe with the highest and second highest number of searches per capita for different sexually transmitted diseases.	chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country.
newcastle fans have been encouraged to stand up in protest against swansea at st james’ park on saturday.	fans group ashleyout.com was behind last sunday’s boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to spurs.	fans are unhappy at the club's lack of investment and ambition which has left them with a threadbare squad in danger of relegation.
ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team.	stokes broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year.	but stokes responded positively to the row after talking to england coach peter moores.
pattie boyd has tied the knot for the third time in the world.	she was at the heart of the most famous love songs of all time.	she was famously married to both george harrison and eric clapton in the past.
floyd mayweather jr is the undisputed world champion.	he is the cartoon embodiment of the excess for which his adopted home town of las vegas is notorious.	he has tossed handfuls of $100 bills into the air at a strip club and hurled wads of cash into a swimming pool.
eight years ago, kaka knelt in the centre circle, spread his arms out wide, tilted his head back and turned his eyes to the skies in a gesture of worship and supplication.	the brazilian midfielder, who is deeply religious, was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes.	i ca n't remember anyone saying that such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match.
chris ramsey, the only black manager in the premier league, is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs.	ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and guess what, it has not been an easy job to refloat it.	before the victory at west brom, qpr were sliding deeper into trouble.
brendan rodgers takes a deep breath as he watches his side succumb to their worst defeat of the season.	he has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable.	he is in thrall, it is said, to a man portrayed as his iago of an agent.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday.	fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in.	floyd mayweather visits subzero recovery in las vegas, a new-age version of the ice bath.
amir khan defeated devon alexander at the mgm grand in las vegas last year.	brook will be defending his world welterweight title against gavin at london's o2 arena on may 20.	promoter eddie hearn stands behind kell brook and frankie gavin at the o2 arena.
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $100 bills.	pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $100 to watch the fight.	floyd mayweather works in his gym as part of his preparation for the big fight.
jimmy anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england's top test wicket taker.	anderson trains ahead of the first test in antigua on monday, which will be his 100th for england.
paris saint-germain have opened primary discussions with paul pogba over a possible move from juventus.	the italian champions were kept informed though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the france international.	pogba and his representatives are understood to have met psg president nasser al khelaifi in monte carlo on tuesday.
sami khedira has not played as often as he would have liked at real madrid since last summer's world cup.	united have maintained an interest in the germany international since failing to sign him in august 2013.	khedira is being courted by several clubs including manchester united and chelsea.
ander herrera's form at manchester united has not gone unnoticed at barcelona.	spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for xavi.	herrera has impressed the club's scouts throughout his career.
jose mourinho's return was the answer to john terry’s prayers.	mourinho said sunday's game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played.	part of his success comes from the way the team is set up in front of him.
chelsea beat arsenal 6-0 at stamford bridge last season.	arsene wenger has imposed just two goals in their last six clashes.	wenger always finds a way to win and has a brilliant record against wenger.
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide.	he said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies.	he has a big future but he has to make the right choices.
martin keown joined aston villa in the wembley dressing room after beating liverpool to reach this year's fa cup final.	villa were one of the founder members of the football league and in the early years of the fa cup, the trophy was almost theirs to keep.	now with sherwood hopefully a generation can grow with his side.
patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini at the etihad stadium.	city manager pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer.	sportsmail columnist martin keown recently met his former team-mate at arsenal.
la roja's own fans did n't even know the water was hot.	because they left spanish soil having eked out two single-goal wins.	spain won the european championships for a second time in a row in 2012.
carlo ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results at real madrid.	carlo ancelotti was a hero after guiding real madrid to their 10th european cup triumph last year.	ancelotti told an italian journalist:' yes we’ve made history by winning la decima'.
paris saint-germain forward zlatan ibrahimovic controls the ball during their training session.	the home side are ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of france’s last eight matches.	paris saint-germain defender lucas moura runs during training as psg prepare to meet merseille.
ian ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.	ian willis has been at the forefront of manchester united's resurgence.	marlon samuels salutes ben stokes as he leaves the field of play.
ian ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.	porto's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white as their side stunned bayern in the champions league.	west indies' shivnarine chanderpaul may be slow and boring but he is still going strong at 40.
ian ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.	neville takes charge of england and it's not looking good for the rickies.	neville has played and worked her way to the very top of her sport and is now in charge of england.
jack wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season.	wilshere has not featured for the gunners since recovering from ankle surgery.	wilshere has always maintained that he wants to remain at arsenal.
jose mourinho makes a point to oscar and his brazilian team-mate willian during a game at stamford bridge.	mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before, by cristiano ronaldo at real madrid.	oscar has n't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea.
arsene wenger has a look in the direction of jose mourinho during the stalemate at the emirates.	arsene wenger was nigh on glowing about arsenal’s ‘ creative team (with) amazing, fantastic solutions'.	arsene wenger's match-up is no capital club sprint, it’s a london derby marathon.
ian wright was dead sheepish about it in the fa cup final.	arsenal players celebrate during the victory over reading which saw the gunners reach the fa cup final.	fabian delph is congratulated by his team-mates at stamford bridge.
gary neville in the sky sports studio after co-commentating with martin tyler during sky sports coverage of the manchester derby.	tyler was, of course, one half of the commentary team that was once seen as being the best of the bunch.
harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool.	harry redknapp was in fine form as pundit for saturday's premier league encounter at the emirates.	harry was once again unswerving in his opinion.
gareth bale is a transfer target for manchester united, manchester united and manchester city.	carlo ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at the club.	but sources in spain suggest that the club could be willing to offload him.
raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with liverpool.	the 20-year-old is entitled to'buy-out' the last year of his current contract.	liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling sterling in the close season.
raheem sterling has been on or luis suarez pocketed £150,000 in the current market.	liverpool have put a £50million price tag on sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old.	chelsea, manchester city or manchester united are among those watching sterling.
hull beat hull drives that pitched past mine mine in july.	charley hull can make it to the very top of the women's game.	she positively exudes the ‘wow’ factor rory mcilroy had at the same age.
jordan spieth hits a tee shot on the eighth hole during the final round of the rbc heritage tournament.	spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion shows his commitment to the sport.	he also committed to the cadillac match play championship in san francisco.
sporting america fell in love because of what happened after the winning putt was holed.	the rest of america fell in love because of his skill under pressure and his sheer bravura.	but they also tuned in to watch as perfect demonstration of sporting endeavour as you will ever behold.
tiger woods returns to action at augusta national golf club.	woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf.	woods practised to spots where he knows the flags will be located over the four days of the tournament.
rosberg was punished by his failure to match his team-mate during a run of eight wins in the last 10 races.	the german driver blamed hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up as sebastian vettel closed in.	rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with hamilton in spa last august.
psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title since 2008.	it was down to memphis depay, who scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in holland.	yet jim lawlor, their chief scout, had been doing his homework long before depay reached the total which louis van gaal holds in such high regard.
michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998.	owen lets rip his shot that saw the three lions starlet score against argentina at the 1998 world cup.	owen celebrates his goal at france'98 as he went on to deal with the expectation placed on his shoulders.
arsenal finish a season with a string of good results.	arsene wenger's board do n't get fooled into thinking they have got all the tools they need at their disposal.	chelsea were relentless from the first whistle and have had the title race firmly under control.
eden hazard is among the front runners to win the pfa player of the year award this season.	belgium international has been in superb form for jose mourinho's side.	harry kane is another of the favourites to pick up the individual gong.
tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe at half-time during the wear-tyne derby.	newcastle keeper tim krul criticised krul for his half-time actions while speaking on sky sports.	sportsmail's jamie carragher criticised krul, personally or professionally.
matt ritchie is a contender for my ‘10 to watch’ for next season.	he was on the back page of my daily mail on tuesday morning.	he raises his arms in triumph after bournemouth sealed premier league promotion.
jack grealish was the best player on the pitch.	jack grealish, fabian delph and christian benteke celebrate as aston villa reached the fa cup final.	jack grealish is quick but has a languid style, like steve mcmanaman.
christian benteke is superb in the air and martin skrtel will have his hands full.	sportsmail columnist jamie redknapp looks ahead to the wembley showdown and where the match could be won and lost with individual player duels.	christian benteke scored the only goal of the game as villa won 1-0.
louis van gaal's' fab four' is a key part of van gaal's plans.	marouane fellaini has become manchester united's go-to player in midfielder this season.	chris smalling has been instrumental in united’s revival.
sportsmail's jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend.	the chilean runs off to celebrate after beating simon mignolet from outside the liverpool area.	qpr's bobby zamora gets in front of joleon lescott to score his side's third goal.
mesut ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games.	the german sets up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the pl.	ozil was at his brilliant best in a massive game.
saturday's game is absolutely huge for both teams.	liverpool will be nine points behind arsene wenger’s side.	martin skrtel, kolo toure and mamadou sakho are in contention to replace skrtel.	he will want to continue that run on saturday.
tuesday night against italy could be the most important england game michael carrick has ever played.	when carrick came on, england started to play.	it has been frustrating to see him unappreciated in this country.	carrick keeps the game simple but has been unappreciated in this country.
barnet manager martin' mad dog' allen returns with his latest column for sportsmail.	the barnet manager talks about how important it is for the troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season.	the first seven who walked past my office door were called in for a cup of pg tips and a chat.
carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may.	froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr, but he lost to andrzej fonfara.	froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring.
scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on july 18.	promoter eddie hearn produced a cheque for £1.5m live on television on tuesday.	scott quigg and carl frampton made the first defence of his world title against chris avalos in february.
richie benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native australia and for the bbc.	benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests.
stuart lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they are playing overseas.	the world cup is simply about the world’s best coming together and ridiculous rules like this demean it.	toulon’s steffon armitage came off the bench against leinster on sunday.
sam burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for bath.	bath head coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow.	burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny.
rfu and stuart lancaster are being urged to invoke the ‘ exceptional circumstances’ get-out clause.	it is proving to be more hassle than it is worth.	lancaster, his assistants and his employers are being stalked by calls for armitage to be called into the national squad.
ulster confirmed the audacious signing of all black wing charles piutau this week.	the 23-year-old had rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast, in 2016-17.	his views were echoed by commentators and fans alike.
cesc fabregas was booked after appearing to kick his leg out to find contact from santi cazorla.	cesc fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from santi cazorla.	arsenal had an appeal of their own when the ball span up and caught gary cahill on the arm.
uefa has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the european women's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway.	however, fifa did something similar during a 2006 world cup qualifier.	england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women's championships qualifier in belfast.
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace’s first goal (2).	he was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move — before dann got the ball (1) and for murray’s finish (3).
leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points, seven off safety.	nigel pearson and his men will be out of the relegation zone.	qpr and burnley have shown fantastic spirit.
tim sherwood returns to white hart lane to face tottenham this weekend.	the villa boss is a passionate man but he is more than just a company man.	he was in charge of the youth set-up for years and the club are now reaping the rewards with a team full of academy players.
calum chambers, eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns.	chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21, but there are no signs of fear in their games.	chambers (left) has impressed in his first season at the club.
tony mccoy holds the jockeys championship trophy he won for the 20th time on the day he retires.	the adulation shown to him has made the 20-times champion jockey realise just how much he affected the lives of the racing fraternity but feels he owes it to his family to go out at the top.	mccoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
ap mccoy stood with the trainer, jonjo o’neill, in the parade ring.	he obeyed the signal for the jockeys to mount.	he walked alongside box office, the final ride of his astonishing career, and then clambered into the saddle.
ap mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on saturday.	the retiring jocket was overcome with emotion after coming third on box office.	mccoy had much to celebrate on saturday despite his third-place finish in the bet365 handicap hurdle.
orlando city earned all three points against portland timbers at a sold-out providence park in oregon.	canadian international larin reacted quickest to chest home the delivery of kevin molino in the first-half before kaka sealed the win with a penalty in the closing stages of the match.	darlington nagbe proved the difference as orlando threatened the timbers defence.
ap mccoy is owned by his boss jp mcmanus.	he is ridden by a grand national winning jockey in paul carberry (bobbyjo, 1999).	he trained by a race-winning trainer in gordon elliott (silver birch) 2007.
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career.	mccoy has two rides at sandown on saturday before he retires from professional racing for good.
ap mccoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave.	the 40-year-old rider, who has two final rides at sandown, insists he will never return to professional racing after sunday's sandown farewell.	retiring jockey mccoy insists he will never return to action.
claire mccoy has had a great career.	he crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport.	she admits she still can’t believe her boy stuck it out at bolger’s academy.
adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice.	gemili has announced his participation in the sainsbury's anniversary games this summer.	he says he is nowhere near bolt's standard at the moment but it could be his time.
sportsmail's road to rio cyclist becky james is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries.	british cyclist james supported boyfriend george north during wales' six nations campaign.
rbs reposted a £446million loss in the first three months of the year.	it includes provision for compensating customers mis-sold payment accounts in the uk.	rbs was also hit with a £453million restructuring charge, mainly due to a slump in the value of premises in the us.
samantha cameron, justine miliband and miriam clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers, in more ways than one.	they looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget deficit airline, ready for their long haul flight to or from the land of austerity.
arsenal will not start the season at the summit of england's top-flight.	the cherries official name is afc bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season's fixtures.	bournemouth's promotion means arsenal will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years.
dame sally davies is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition.	the disease, a scourge of victorian britain, was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning as more and more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games than going outside.	rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d and causes bone deformities such as bowed legs and a curvature of the spine.
lee joon-seok, the captain of the sunken south korean ferry sewol, arrives for verdicts at gwangju high court in gwangju, south korea.	the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year, killing 304 people.	most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip.
palermo president maurizio zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on paulo dybala, telling paris saint-germain they will have to spend big to sign the' new lionel messi'.	palermo president maurizio zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on paulo dybala.	palermo are determined to cash in on dybala as he is wanted by some of europe's biggest clubs.
theo walcott believes arsenal have been the' best team in europe' this year.	the gunners' slim hopes of overhauling chelsea's 10-point lead at the top of the barclays premier league were all but extinguished following a goalless draw at the emirates on sunday.	walcott watched on from the bench again before a late substitute appearance, with the forward's last club start having been back in march.	theo walcott believes arsenal could lift the title next season if everyone stays fit.
francis coquelin has jumped to the defence of team-mate olivier giroud.	thierry henry's claim that arsenal need a' top quality striker'.	henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with giroud in attack.
olivier giroud has admitted he gets ‘p*****’ with people talking about his latest hairstyle rather than his ability on the pitch for arsenal.	giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about arsene wenger praising his animal instincts in arsenal’s attack in the build-up to their 0-0 draw with chelsea.	giroud believes arsenal will continue to improve and challenge chelsea for the premier league next year.
there were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew members on board asiana airlines flight oz162 when it was reported to have made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway at 8pm local time.	local media were on the scene to report on a plane that crash landed and skidded off the runway in japan.	twenty people are believed to have been injured after the plane had a tailstrike at hiroshima.
fiorentina had one foot in the next stage of europe's second tier cup competition.	ukrainian outfit knew they were in for a hard task at the stadio artemio franchi.	they faced the likes of mohamed salah, joaquin and gomez.
lumbering cal orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity that forced the earth upwards.	the attraction, at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints - and frequent landslides reveal new ones, some of which belong to unknown species.
economists plotted how much goods listed on ebay sold for and discovered that items with precise prices attract higher offers than those with round numbers.	sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices.
arsene wenger has told manchester city not to waste their time in trying to sign jack wilshere.	the etihad stadium club are interested in wilshere as they look to increase their homegrown quota ahead of next season.	but wenger insisted wilshere will not be leaving the gunners.
palaeontologists in china say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago.	the strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bat’s wing.	the discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air.
ravel morrison has posted a picture of himself posing in his new lazio bathrobe on his official instagram account.	the 22-year-old, who was released from his last contract at west ham following a series of disciplinary problems, is currently training with the serie a side ahead of his summer move.	morrison was released from his last contract at west ham following a series of disciplinary problems.
super sub yevhen shakhov earned dnipro a place in the europa league semi-finals after breaking brugge hearts with a late winner on thursday night.	the midfielder latched on to a ruslan rotan pass as the ukrainian's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time.
the mouse, unable to evade its moggy hunter, is thrown into the air on the roof of a shed in shepton mallet, somerset.	it is an age-old rivalry that rarely ends well for one of its parties and so it proved in this remarkable set of photos.
kevin gameiro saved his goalkeeper's blushes with a late equaliser which put defending champions sevilla into the last four of the europa league.	beto had looked to have cost his side their progress, with the game heading towards extra time, before substitute gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining.	sevilla boss unai emery decided it one he was prepared to take, despite beto's absence since a game against real madrid in the first week of february.
the men form a small part of jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria.	dozens of masked units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the' largest military parade witnessed' since the dawn of the syrian revolution in 2011.
a leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used some 825 miles away in ferguson during last summer's violence.	not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous, reports fox news.	baltimore's mayor announced a 10 a.m. curfew would be imposed beginning on tuesday.
henley and partners created a visa restrictions index, which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results.	the latest results were based on results from may 20, 2014.
mercedes-benz fashion week australia show in sydney on tuesday night.	catwalk was replaced with a tennis court, the front row with stadium seating, and the usual parade of slender models walking single file was nowhere in sight.
australian designer akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on wednesday morning at mercedes-benz fashion week australia.	on wednesday's akira models wear pink (and also plastic head pieces).
charlie bothuell, now 13, was found in the basement of his family's detroit townhouse last june.	he revealed his home was a' very terrible place to be' where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children.	charlie, who wore glasses, a tie and black pants for his hour-long testimony, was speaking publicly for the first time since he was found in his family's cluttered and dirty basement.
serena williams defeated italian sara errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a fed cup play-off.	williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in fed cup for her career.	the circolo tennis brindisi is located next to the southern city's port.
a man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor.	he squashed the hairy beast with a broom, only to see hundreds of baby spiders.	but to his surprise after smashing the female wolf spider produces a silk mat into which she deposits around 100 eggs.
serena williams beat carla suarez navarro in saturday's final.	world no 1 won the final 10 games in a 6-2 6-0 demolition of her spanish opponent to claim her third straight title at an event she has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002.	williams was presented with the butch buchholz trophy by martina navratilova.
confused bird was seen swimming in the grand union canal earlier this month after apparently flying into london along the thames.	the puffin was spotted flying into london along the thames, close to the a4 flyover at brentford.
isis jihadis are understood to have been fighting for the islamic state in iraq.	when the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.	the jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in iraq's anbar province.
newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the delta gamma theta sorority house last wednesday.	the child's mother is a student at the small school in new concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name.	they interviewed her after the child's body was found outside the delta gamma theta sorority house on lakeside drive.
chad geyen, a married father of two from minnesota, was found dead on sunday.	he had been out on bail since he was first charged in november 2013.	he was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct.
barcelona reached the champions league semi-finals at the nou camp at paris saint germain’s expense and neymar tied david luiz in knots in the process.	there were no luis suarez nutmegs this time but the former chelsea defender found himself backpedaling hopelessly on the quarter hour as neymar scooted past him for barcelona’s opener.	neymar was also booked inside the first five minutes for a foul on andres iniesta.
gabriel gonzaga stopped gabriel gonzaga in the third round of their heavyweight rematch in krakow.	he had not fought in the ufc since 2011 and made a slow start as gonzaga stalked his opponent, trying to land with his hands.	filipovic defended well and pulled free, albeit conceding the round in the process.
the finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine in the sea outside helsinki.	the navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired some warning charges the size of grenades.	finland, which shares an 833-mile border with russia, has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of russian air force sorties and military border exercises.
the 500ft-long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk, 620 miles north of moscow, on the white sea.	the submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was already over.	defence sources said the submarine's nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out.
eugenie bouchard took her own advice to' relax more' by hanging out with a couple of well known girlfriends after crashing out of the miami open.	the rising star looked in good spirits as she posed for pictures with fellow canadian and olympic medalist walsh jennings (right).
serena williams will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015.	she heads into saturday's final of the miami open with a 17-0 record, and will surely extend that winning sequence against the admirable but somewhat limited spaniard carla suarez navarro.
russia are on the brink of making the fed cup final with a 2-0 lead after anastasia pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat germany's sabine lisicki on saturday.	pavlyuchenkova saved the match point in the second set before going on to beat lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 7-6, after svetlana kuznetsova beat julia goerges in straight sets.	anastasia pavlyuchenkova of russia beat germany's sabine lisicki for a 2-0 lead in their fed cup tie.
defending champion czech republic reached the fourth fed cup final in five years.	fourth-ranked kvitova beat world no 29 caroline garcia 6-4, 6-4 for an insurmountable 3-0 lead in the semifinals.	fourth-ranked kvitova converted her first match point in her following service game with a passing forehand shot.
harry kane appeared in full force on sunday evening ahead of the 42nd pfa awards at the grosvenor house in london.	the pfa took to social media to announce the arrivals of the plethora of premier league names there to witness the announcement of this season's highest rated player voted by the players.	liverpool's philippe coutinho, who is also nominated for both awards, entered the building accompanied by reds team-mates steven gerrard and kolo toure.
jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester at the stoop on friday night.	he was told to go away and learn his lessons back at gloucester.	with a mother who taught sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster.
serena williams overcame a stiff challenge in the opening set for a 7-6 (5), 6-2 win over camila giorgi on saturday to give the united states a 1-0 lead over italy in a fed cup world group playoff.	neither player broke serve in a highly competitive first set, which was only decided when giorgi's forehand clipped the top of the net on williams' first set point.	williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in fed cup.
islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an' alleged blasphemer'.	the series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters.
james hook claims it will be' a bonus' if wales come calling for his services ahead of this year's world cup.	the gloucester fly-half has a golden opportunity to showcase his undisputed ability in friday night's european challenge cup final against edinburgh.	but although 29-year-old hook has won 77 test caps, he can reflect on just two starts for wales.
bolton look to have secured their sky bet championship status after shocking cardiff to claim a 3-0 triumph in the welsh capital.	craig davies bagged a brace after eidur gudjohnsen hammered the trotters in front, with 62-time england international emile heskey proving his worth by laying on two assists.	cardiff dominated possession, but were undone far too easily by neil lennon's clinical side.
novak djokovic overcame a strong challenge from rafael nadal to reach the monte carlo masters final with a 6-3, 6-3 to reach sunday's masters final.	the world no 1, who is bidding to win his third masters title in a row, lost the first two games of the match before battling back to set up a final against sixth seed tomas berdych.
the 29-minute video, titled' until it came to them - clear evidence', shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive, thought to be in the south and the west of the country.	this follows another video in february of the beheading of a group of 21 coptic christians on the beach in libya.	it raises fears that isis is consolidating its presence on the' doorstep of europe', as libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of italy.
victoria police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month.	one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped, according to the herald sun.	consumer affairs victoria said the investigation is continuing.
military leaders in norway are nervous about its powerful neighbour's presence on its' strategically important' coastline following a spike in tensions between russia and nato nations.	some experts have criticised the shutting down of olavsvern naval base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of tromsoe - which has been closed since 2009.	but fears have once again peaked after three russian ships spent the entire winter docked inside a closed naval base in february.	it was originally shut because the country's leaders thought the threat from moscow was reduced.
andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name' skydevil'.	the chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home.	investigators also found search terms for disorders such as' bipolar' and' manic depressive'.
fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate.	the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire.	no one was hurt, fox reports, and the girl is not expected to face charges.
tom brady updated his facebook page on wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast.	he had shared a video on saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation.
harriet arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this easter.	the move was greeted with uproar, so she compromised, saying they could only be sold on good friday, at christmas and for burials.	here is best of the batch this easter.
insurers are dodging the rules that ban ban from charging female drivers less by offering lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women.	insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have jobs that mean they are likely to be male, such as construction workers and civil engineers.
u.s. coffee giant is being probed by the european commission over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills.	it could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal.	details emerged about the uk company at the heart of the probe.
delrea good of portage, indiana says that on march 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for porter county sheriff's department patrolman william marshall about a half a mile down the road.	good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m.	good said marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said,' what in the hell are you doing? i could arrest you for this'.
alcohol exposure' degrades the ability of the brain to form the connections it needs to during adolescence'.	however, they discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.	rats exposed to alcohol showed changes in behaviour that lasted into adulthood, which was repeated over 13 days.
astronomers have used a telescope in new mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years.	the two images were taken 18 years apart, the first with the karl g. jansky very large array in new mexico in 1996 and the second by an international team of astronomers led by the national autonomous university of mexico.
new scheme will let ee customers pick up free portable chargers.	ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers.	customers will be able to pick up free portable chargers from shops.
award-winning artist joe joiner, from east london, died after being exposed to the substance.	over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year, making it a bigger killer than road accidents.	over 50 families, all grieving for a loved one lost to asbestos exposure.
bill and hillary clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for secret service agents when they vacationed in the dominican republic over the new year's holiday.	the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo, a private dominican resort they own.	melgen flew menendez and his guests on a private jet to stay at his casa de campo villa multiple times, prosecutors say.
the red dodge durango can be seen hurtling at 60 mph towards the school bus on an oklahoma highway at 8.20am as 36 7th grade students are being driven to school.	the 44-year-old driver of the suv, who allegedly has a history of seizures, was driving approximately 20 mph over the speed limit.	he was trapped inside his car for 20 minutes after the crash in tulsa, oklahoma, on monday.
the so-called' king of instagram' has been forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail after being arrested for placing homemade explosives into a tractor.	the film shows a stony-faced bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home, complete with gun-shaped candle holder, an action figurine of himself, and a bizarre painting, while lecturing people on' responsible' gun ownership.	public lands are for everyone's use.	be responsible when shooting and clean up the area you were shooting in so others can enjoy the land.
steven allison, 37, formerly of idle near bradford, west yorkshire, had been uploading pictures of himself looking tanned and happy as he enjoyed his freedom in his new life down under.	but he was unaware the net was closing in as british police teamed up with colleagues in australia and interpol to locate allison, who was living in the country's capital, canberra.	allison had already been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women.
unofficial 2012 paperback book revealed by plaintiff in lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers.	complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th, 77th, and 79th fighter squadrons of the air force.
nigel farage's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ‘ shock and awful’ strategy.	but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with hiv were more expensive.	mr farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the nhs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with hiv, 60 per cent were born abroad.
the celebrity chef's iconic fat duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world in the annual poll by luxury magazine elite traveler.	heston blumenthal's restaurants join six other british establishments in the list which includes the ledbury, which serves contemporary french cuisine at 12.
thomas brock, 30, died when he was fatally shot at his home in pasadena, california, after being involved in an argument with another motorist.	police have now arrested brothers steven rodriguez, 24, and jacob rodriguez, 29, and charged with capital murder.	police say thomas brock had become involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death.
a woman was forced to give birth to her son on the interstate 65 north in louisville, kentucky, during gridlock traffic behind president barack obama's motorcade.	dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital.	he was due to speak with a tech company affiliated with his latest jobs initiative.
påhoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz.	it has a' lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall.	the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
union conference heard today that schools are struggling to cope with influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak english.	teachers have warned that schools are now having to use google translate to plan lessons as they struggle to cater for migrant children.
barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo despite the meat being was slaughtered according to islamic law.	food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the united states.
kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus.	the law bans the so-called' dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as' dismemberment abortion.	' sam brownback, the governor of kansas, tweeted a photo on tuesday showing him signing the abortion-ban bill into law.	brownback has presided over one of the nation's most aggressive pushes to limit abortions, resulting in at least 20 laws restricting the practice of medically terminating pregnancies.
kyle knox, 23, was last seen at 10am on monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high ben nevis in the scottish highlands.	he failed to return to his accommodation in the fort william area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance.	police scotland confirmed this morning that the search had now resumed with rescuers describing the weather conditions as' awful'.
hagrid the lamb is thought to be the biggest ever born in the uk.	he was born on tuesday at three times the size of its peers.	hagrid's owners believe he may be the biggest lamb born in the uk.
octavia spencer was at the barnes & noble bookstore at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book' randi rhodes ninja detective — the sweetest heist in history'.	but before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.	before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.	it quickly became a very uncomfortable situation for all of us.
lorraine bracco said that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi, his psychiatrist.	the oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the hbo drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in goodfellas, nine years previously.
anthony horowitz said books by comedian david walliams has accused fellow children’s author david walliams of dumbing-down fiction and failing to ‘challenge’ young readers.	he insisted that such writers should challenge their young readers and not be ‘ afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas’'.
boris johnson, who is standing to be a tory mp in a west london constituency, has set out his vision of ‘ moral purpose’ in business and politics.	he said the fact that more jobs were being created was ‘ one of the absolute moral triumphs’ of the government.	mr johnson admitted a four-year affair with the journalist petronella wyatt while he was married to his second wife marina, with whom he has four children.
kevin bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and extortion in san diego superior court.	a group of bollaert's victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have now said that they no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures.	victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments.
shadow chancellor unveiled poster claiming voters had lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes under the coalition with' millions paying more while millionaires pay less'.	but the prime minister hailed today as'money-back monday' - with a raft of tax changes coming into force putting more cash in voters' wallets.	mr cameron has claimed that labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on' every working family'.
barbara walters says monica, 41, could make the view competitive and compelling and while a lot of washington's elite may scratch the show off its must-visit press list.	walters says that the former white house intern would be a' run away success' on the view, a network source tells daily mail online.
rspca inspectors called to the house after they received numerous calls from residents living nearby in lawrence weston, bristol.	photos taken when they visited show a small horse standing on muddy ground in a passage just over a metre wide, which is blocked at one end with a gate.	rspca inspectors were called after a horse was seen living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around.
pilot andreas lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security before crashing his germanwings plane into the french alps, killing all 150 people on board.	german prosecutors said an examination of a tablet computer found at his apartment revealed he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security, and suicide methods.
kentucky's junior senator is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest.	but the issue that made him a national figure two years ago – domestic snooping by the national security agency – is no longer on america's front-burner.	paul will launch his campaign tuesday morning in louisville, kentucky with the populist slogan' defeat the washington machine.
the new york post reported in addition to being stripped of his badge, detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force.	nypd police chief bill bratton said cherry was being placed on modified duty.
curt obront, the lawyer for miami consul general roxanne dube’s, called it a tragic case.	dube's ex-husband and the boy's father, germano wabafiyebazu, has said his sons borrowed their mother's personal car, which has diplomatic license plates, to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for a drive.	it was not clear whether marc wabafiyebazu would be charged as a juvenile or an adult but he is due in juvenile court on april 8.
the two-bedroom property in snodland, kent, was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915.	the couple raised their son gordon and three daughters, freda, hilda and gwendoline, in the property, which is on the market for £164,500.	mr knott's grandfather len was a small haulage contractor and was not required to serve in the first world war.
defence secretary michael fallon claimed ed miliband is' so desperate' for power he is willing to weaken uk defences to win support from snp.	he confirmed that a conservative government would go ahead with four new trident nuclear missile submarines to replace the existing fleet, at a cost of £100billion.	labour rushed to say it was also backing four submarines, despite ed balls last month saying he was examining the idea of cutting it to three.
george osborne said labour had ‘form’ on jacking up income tax and national insurance.	he said the party had' form' on earnings went up by nearly £1,900 under 13 years of labour.	he said voters would pay a ‘ heavy price’ for a labour government which would be ‘ looking in your payslip’ for tax'.
john chapple, originally from north devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography.	chapple said to' invest in a good alarm clock, a comfortable pair of boots and a sturdy tripod and you ca n't go wrong'.	chapple told the magazine at the time' my dream is to one day be able to make a living with my landscape photography'.
the jury has rested in the murder trial of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez.	the 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting odin lloyd five times in the chest and back.	lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez's home on june 17, 2013.
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen.	the un last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen.	but so far, the international red cross has not been able to gain entry to the middle eastern country.
boobesh palani, 26, passed away at wellington hospital with his friends by his side, police told the new zealand herald.	mr palani identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave teenagers so police decided to post a picture of the him on news websites in the hopes the public could help identify him.	police released images of mr palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify the man.
marina lyons, 80, took her beloved dog rosie to the pdsa petaid hospital in hull for an operation to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour.	the operation, carried out three weeks ago, was successful but when marina returned home with the ten-year-old lhasa apso dog, she noticed lots of bruising on the dog's back.	marina lyons, 80, discovered third degree burns on her dog rosie's back after taking the lhasa apso for surgery to remove her spleen due to a suspected tumour.	rosie had a further operation on tuesday to remove the dead skin tissue from the burn.
prime minister visited a primary school near bolton to unveil party's latest proposal to improve education standards.	pm wants to see children who get poor sats results forced to resit in secondary school.	prime minister appeared completely taken with youngster who showed no signs of being fazed by his attendance.
sudheer haval, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife, smita haval khamitkar, 10 and arush khamitkar, 6, in separate rooms at their tulsa home.	the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days.	there was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought.
over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots.	the government had said that everyone over the age of 55 who wanted to take part in the new pension freedoms would be given a free half-hour session of guidance but just 300 advisers are available (file picture).
police recovered a substantial quantity of cocaine, as well as weighing scales, guns and ammunition.	the picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in brazil.
britain's biggest banks have racked up a £39billion bill in just three years.	the bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal.	another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including barclays, royal bank of scotland and hsbc to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
karen bane with her daughter jessica after undergoing the alternative procedure.	it is a painful and embarrassing condition that affects millions of british women.	complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence.
david and samantha cameron talk to their nine-year-old son elwen in tonight’s itv film.	mr cameron blundered into a row after admitting he did not want a third term as prime minister.	but the chat showed them teasing the prime minister after he appeared to confuse the disney film frozen for world book day.
research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects.	all such ‘instruments’ attributed to neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals.	researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at krapina in croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet.
shinto kanamara matsuri, the festival of the steel phallus, started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction.	participants praying to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections.
the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines.	features with a high spatial frequency (einstein) are only visible from further away.
prime minister david cameron went head-to-head with six other party leaders in a tv debate on thursday night in an unusual format for britain.	nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7 in what is being touted as the closest and most unpredictable race since the 1970s.
mother-of-one jennifer drew has saved £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons.	she has now accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a room of her house as well as her garage.	mrs drew's obsession with couponing started when she was pregnant with her son nicholas, now two.
researchers from london and edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human.	it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our tv screens.	if the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the bbc's website.
samantha giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain on september 7, 2014 after being dragged along the street behind a car.	cctv footage released by police shows the moment she was towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula, south-west of sydney, before she was abandoned.	so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved.
michelle mone is selling her three-bedroom glasgow townhouse in order to buy her ex-husband out of the' dream home' they once shared.	she paid £780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013.	it now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million.
self-styled' anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in london's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading' homes for all'.	it is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight, as a garbled message posted on facebook by the group simply calls for' christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages'.	but banners bearing messages such as' better squat than let homes rot'.
the self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the gone girl kidnapping of denise huskins in california says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity.	in yet another email to the san francisco chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would' go overseas and teach english' or' live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life'.	this came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
japan's defence minister has been forced to assure mps that the country has never been invaded by aliens.	gen nakatani promised lawmakers that there had been no alien breach of japanese airspace, and that no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way.	nakatani said the nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but so far, they had not encountered visitors from space.
lady penelope and chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds.	geeky scientist brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt and has been given an indian accent.	she has dropped his chauffeur uniform and sports a roll-neck sweater.
audrey dimitrew, 16, of virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 chantilly juniors club but was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team.	the sophomore at woodgrove high school and her family sued the chesapeake region volleyball association on march 10 after they said she was accepted to another club but was denied the transfer from her league.	coaches told audrey she had the potential to play college volleyball and that she would get' significant tournament game experience' as one of two setters on the team.
danel hall jr was walking down the street in centre point, alabama, when a man was chased by a neighbourhood dog.	a third person suddenly starting shooting at the animal, but stray bullets hit danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks, it was claimed.	danel hall, 10, was shot in the stomach by a stray bullet intended for an aggressive dog.
the five-second rule, which has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts, is not as sure-fire as many snackers would surely like it to be.	experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play.
geraldine alcorn, 29, and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate's courtroom wednesday.	allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting and running away with the girl before alcorn resigned last month.
the nbc sketch show parodied the daytime cnn newsroom, which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering.	the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the germanwings crash, u.s.-iran diplomacy, and domestic politics.
james schoenfeld is escorted from the alameda county jail in oakland, california on august 4, 1976.	schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them' buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom.	details of the decision to release schoenfeld were not immediately available.
victoria police confirm it was located on monday afternoon, west of the devil’s cove and candlebark campsite in lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne.	they are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for luke continues.	police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite on friday.
the painting, titled' bomb damage,' was drawn on a metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the dardouna family in northern gaza.	the painting, titled' bomb damage,' was drawn on a metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the dardouna family in northern gaza.	mr dardouna is now demanding the decorated door is returned.
hotel owner believes he has found the perfect solution for revitalising his flagging business.	he plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons and have rooms of differing sizes to cater for couples and multiple groups.
michelle hansen, 32, of california entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts which included seven counts of oral copulation of a minor, six counts of statutory rape and three counts of distributing pornographic material to a child.	the mother of three was told during the sentencing on friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life.	if she had been convicted at trial, hansen would have faced 13 years in prison.
the lunar eclipse as seen from melbourne on easter saturday, april 4.	a total lunar eclipse occurs when the moon is completely in the earth's shadow.	wet and cloudy weather was to blame for sydneysiders missing out on the view, but the moon was pictured revealing itself through rain clouds towards the end of a total lunar eclipse.
the 18-year-old describes himself as an' urban historian' and says he likes photographing new york because it is huge and constantly changing.	instead he climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings, without ropes or harnesses, before sitting on precarious ledges - all in the name of capturing the perfect photograph.
facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users, who can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes.	it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan, although the app is hosted by facebook, the site is not affiliated with the scheme in any other way.	the app is available for free to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the us.
louis jordan, 37, was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing.	he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras.	jordan's family said he sailed out of a marina in conway, south carolina, on january 23, and had n't been heard from since until a german boat saw him clinging to the hull of his boat.	he survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil.
kennel club says seemingly harmless foods such as hot cross buns and onions can be killers – and is urging owners to be alert to the threat.	around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014.
marylin stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim's pin number, cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs after he went into care at cedar house, rothley.	but the court heard that she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit.	the 64-year-old admitted stealing £22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds.
chloe the wombat has mistaken her new echidna friend for a pillow at taronga zoo's grounds in sydney.	she has become zoo keeper evelyn weston's little helper and follows her around the zoo.	she is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch.
big bang theory co-creator bill prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of kermit the frog, miss piggy, fozzie bear and other old favorites.	new muppets tv content has n't been since muppets tonight ended in 1998, though old episodes have been re-run extensively and several movies have been filmed.
tutti rouge's jessica features removable cookies that sit inside a pocket within the bra to give ample bosoms the option of extra volume.	the bra, seen before cookies, left, and after cookies, goes right up to an hh cup size.	it features a pocket which allows a cookie to cradled in the cup.
gary lineker has labelled nigel farage a'd***' during last night's leader's debate.	the former england footballer launched the scathing attack on the head of ukip after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head for the first time in the historic tv election debate.	opinion polls produced mixed results on who had' won' the contest.
an enormous fight broke out at a bar opening at resorts world casino, near jfk airport in queens, new york.	video of the fight sees a crowd of people erupting from a bar, punching, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons.
michelle obama strutted her stuff on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday night.	the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move.	it was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids.
lt. col. anthony shaffer said on monday bowe bergdahl' had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban.	the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation into bergdahl's activities.	bowe bergdahl, the u.s. army sergeant who left his post in afghanistan and was held by the taliban for five years was found to have be' going over to the other side with a deliberate plan,' according to a former military intelligence officer.
google is facing a fine of up to £4billion as europe prepares to file a high-profile anti-competition lawsuit against the internet giant.	the eu has been investigating the us search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent - but proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions.	us companies microsoft and trip advisor are among those that have filed complaints against google with the eu.
total lunar eclipse will be visible in the skies of north america, asia and australia.	nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless.	pastor john hagee told the mirror the sight suggests a world-changing event will take place as predicted in the bible.
the borden family burial monument at oak grove cemetery in fall river, massachusetts, was vandalized.	the vandalism was discovered on monday, the day after a lifetime miniseries, the lizzie borden chronicles, premiered on sunday night.	borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their home in 1892.	she was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today.
internet companies will have to reveal names, ip addresses and addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film the dallas buyers club online illegally.	internet companies iinet limited, internode, amnet broadband, dodo services, adam internet and wideband networks were all affected by the ruling.	but legals experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations.
health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking.	french health chiefs say the uk is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink.	but critics have said it's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from a relatively early age.
nick clegg said he wanted to tackle' dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.	he said it was' healthy and active fun after being on the battle bus for so long'.
all schools should display posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers.	union officials from nasuwt say the ‘ hospital waiting-room-style’ signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils.
maxwell morton, 16, has been charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old ryan mangan at mangan's home february 4.	but thomassey disputes that morton meant to kill mangan.	morton's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys.
casey's new line is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses perfect for the summer season.	casey teased her fans with some pre-release pieces and now she's released the collection with honeyz.com in all its glory.	casey has also designed accessories to complement her outfits.
mike heatlie, 42, launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney outside a nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette.	heatlie, from edinburgh, was once voted as one of the city's most eligible bachelors.	ms mccartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer.
the eggs were created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine - and feature in this month's cake international in london last weekend.	each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work.	the eggs were on display at cake international in london last weekend.
nick cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged' ill treatment' of blanca after it emerged police are investigating whether her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, were ever registered.	she died in the early hours of tuesday after falling from the family’s luxury apartment in hong kong this week.	mr cousins was also questioned over claims that his filipino partner, grace garcia cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years.
amedy coulibaly stormed into the hyper cacher jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by french special forces.	the heavily televised events in eastern paris came two days after cherif and said kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo.	lawyers claim french media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air.
prisoner syed viqaruddin - who had links to a network of feared terrorist groups - is understood to have asked police van to stop in a deserted area, claiming he needed a toilet break.	but when the blue bus stopped at about 10am, another of the prisoners' tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape'.	the incident came two days after a gun battle in the same state left two terror suspects and a police constable dead.
raymond frolander, 18, was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son at his home in daytona beach, florida, last july.	after frolander's arrest, police released his mugshot, which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes, black bruises and lacerations to his face.	now, the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by circuit judge leah case.
maggie, 53, wraps a protective arm around kecil the baby orangutan who she has been raising for the past ten months after raising four of her own children and another surrogate.	maggie, 53, who has already raised one surrogate child, has proved herself yet again by helping to raise kecil (pronounced ka-cheel) for the past 10 months.
footage taken in manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with airport staff.	passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight to arrive at 7pm.	officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark.
diwalinen vankar, 58, fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle.	her mother rescued her by hitting it with a washing paddle (stock image).	as they were wringing out their laundry, a mugger crocodile grabbed her hand to try and pull her into the murky river.
andy murray one iota that his victory over tomas berdych may have lacked the drama or controversy that accompanied their australian open semi-final in january.	instead the scot will face his growing nemesis, novak djokovic after he dispatched john isner in straight sets.	murray reacts as he reaches the miami open final with a 6-4, 6-4 in an hour and 42 minutes.	he is through to sunday's final of the miami open where the scot will face novak djokovic.
jeanette rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work from her home just outside copenhagen, denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.	the blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs.	this little blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line a nest in a damaged street light near copenhagen.
the then princess elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at westminster abbey.	she was just eight when she first attended the maundy day service.	her majesty was there to present' alms' to 89 women and 89 men, among them d-day veteran, denis gratton.
police were called to boonies bar in west palm beach on friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money.	the bar manager said she had a similar problem with carrion-moore, 23, the week before, according to wesh.	carrion-moore carrion-moore is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card.
tong shao, a chemical engineering student at iowa state university, went missing in september 2014.	police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her toyota camry in iowa city.	shao's boyfriend, xiangnan li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive.
haley and kev mulholland still share a house in bristol.	the mother-of-eight says that while she does not want any other woman to have him either.	mrs mulholland monitors her husband’s movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
ben morgan has delivered an encouraging fitness bulletin as he continues to recover from a season-ending injury.	the gloucester no 8 has not played since breaking his left leg during an aviva premiership game against saracens.	but the signs suggest he is on course to play a part during england's world cup warm-up period ahead of the tournament kicking off in mid-september.	morgan last featured for england when he scored two tries during their victory over australia five months ago.
dr milton wainwright announced the discovery in an email to his students at sheffield university, who posted it on reddit.	he says the organisms test positive for dna, and have masses that are' six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height'.
jose alberto, 58, was found dead in the city of san jose de balcare in eastern argentina.	neighbours called their local council to report the smell coming from his house in the city of san jose de balcare.	jose alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow prosecutors believe he died while having sex with it.
according to a new survey by student newspaper the tab, 11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education have n't had sex.	11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study, which then broke down the statistics in terms of which courses each person was enrolled on.
steven abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in october last year.	he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed mps and hit a security screen.	abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting' you are just liars".
a 26-year-old employee at ceva logistics in glendale had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until tuesday morning.	police say the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes, but there was no sign of a baby.	when officers searched her work space, they discovered a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag.
new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these' awful' that things parents do to their children- such as giving them a bath.	# a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction.
doctors said the 27-hour procedure – to reconstruct the man's entire lower face and neck – is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date.	doctors from the hospital's plastic surgery and liver transplant departments were also brought in to advise on the procedure, details of which have only just been released.
the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme.	the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men.
half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets (picture posed by model).	but they’re not about to video-chat with friends or a relative abroad.
scar booth, which is available from the apple itunes store for 79p, offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast:' your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating'.
coffee giant starbucks bought the garage in los angeles last year.	the gilmore gas station was a backdrop for the shenanigans of steve martin and eddie murphy.	but people wanting to refuel here will have to be content with a skinny cappuccino.
satellite tv operator directv has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob rob lowe after complaints by rival comcast.	the ads featured the 50-year-old actor playing two characters:' do n't be like this me — get rid of cable and upgrade to directv.	other issues included the' superiority message' of lowe's closing phrase, as well as directv's' rated no.	1 claim' and another that stated that it has been' ranked higher than cable for over 10 years.
poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic easter eggs.	the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown' speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg.	the eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the easter break.
gelsomina squatriti, 82, works to restore a doll's leg in the studio in rome, italy, which was set up 60 years ago by her relatives.	the hospital of dolls, or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome, was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants, federico squatriti, and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition.
researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age.	the study found little foot, a member of the species australopithecus prometheus, lived at roughly the same time as australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous fossil, known as lucy, comes from ethiopia.
scientists studying the latest genetic, fossil fossil and archaeological evidence claim that neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today.	but the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases such as cancer and diabetes.
clare hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures.	she had suffered epileptic seizures for 10 years but had recently noticed that her balance was gone and she was struggling to hear out of her right ear.	but in february 2012, one week before she was due to go into surgery, she took a pregnancy test that turned out positive.	her baby was also at a higher risk of being born with birth defects.
pete evans' paleo cookbook for infants had been delayed over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth.	this has come after his paleo cookbook' bubba yum yum: the paleo way' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month.
larry tipton, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old larry tipton.	after shooting eldemire twice, tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself.	when rebecca eldemire called 911 the night before her murder for help getting away from her boyfriend, one painful excerpt reveals how naive the 21-year-old was to what her older boyfriend was capable of.
researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with' instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago.	now researchers believe that when life was in its early stages, rna played a leading role in creating complex organisms before dna and proteins were developed.
sarah's face was transformed after spotting a new wrinkle.	she's not vain, rich or brave enough to face plastic surgery.	she insisted on sleeping in vaseline, gurning in a club sport tracksuit.
more than 3,000 students are facing an unexpected decision after they received acceptance notices from the university of florida.	the 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots.	but after reading their congratulations notices, they apparently realized they would need to spend their entire first year taking online classes for a year.	they were also in addition to the estimated 12,000 students offered traditional freshman slots.
james ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife gillian nelson, 34, who died after complications arose with the birth of their son wesley at a hospital in bromley, kent.	he was called to the princess royal university hospital at about 3.45am on january 28, 2014 after she had gone in to labour.	she had multiple cardiac arrests and was taken to theatre for a hysterectomy.
philips has unveiled its latest foray into smart lighting which, thanks to its wireless and rechargeable features, can be moved wherever you want in your home.	hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app or any app developed for the lamp.
a texas university booked matthew mcconaughey as its may commencement speaker has broken the silence on the texas-born actor's speaking fee.	the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university.
isis' leadership is dominated by ex-members of the military of saddam hussein.	despite thousands of foreign fighters flocking to join the sunni extremist group and starring in their propaganda videos, isis' leadership is dominated by ex-members of saddam hussein's army.
scott suggs, 28, and brandy kangas, 36, were arrested after police received an anonymous tip regarding the welfare of their children, a 17-month-old boy and two girls, aged three and four.	when police arrived at their home in fredericksburg, virginia, last december, they discovered the youngsters locked in a' sparsely furnished' room, where they had seemingly' remained at all times'.	the couple were arrested after police received an anonymous tip about their 17-month-old son and two small daughters.
isis entered the yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing.	the militants reportedly entered the camp from the nearby hajar aswad neighborhood in southern damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the al qaeda-affiliated nusra front.	if isis manage to gain full control of yarmouk, the jihadis can potentially use the camp as a base from which to threaten the heart.
gertrude pitkanen, 69, was purchased for $100 in a motel room in 1946.	chiropractor gertrude pitkanen took babies from their mother's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents.
huw davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years.	his bsc (hons) degree, mr davies, who lives in merthyr tydfil, also has three a-levels and 10 gcses on his cv.
faith and hope howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus.	they died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents, simon howie and renee young, laid them to rest at pinegrove memorial park in sydney's west.
sabrina broadbent tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist warren jeffs eight years ago.	she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids.	but when she tried to pick up her children from the fundamentalist mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband.
clare goldwin admits she will sometimes fork out for boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she does n't want to be labelled a boden' yummy mummy'.
family of four was enjoying a day out together in portland, maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off.	the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed' hey n*****s!' at them on friday and drove away.	several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2, jackie ward.
aidan turner is leading the way as captain ross poldark in the bbc's much talked-about sunday night offering.	shows such as poldark, vikings, outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches, leather and chain metal.
bikram choudhury, who has been accused of sexual advances by six separate women, has denied the allegations in an interview with cnn - the first time he has spoken out about the accusations.	choudhury pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105f, has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries.
katja wassermeyer (katja-wassermeyer-photographer.com) is one of the many photographers who has embraced the trend, with eye-catching beauty image of a model with tumbling grey locks.	instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired instagrammers.
pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys, with females offered pink beautician's outfits while males are offered doctor's uniforms.	products intended for infants are equally polarised, with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads:' i hate my thighs'.
harper lee was not manipulated into publishing her sequel to to kill a mockingbird, and is not an elder abuse victim, according to an official probe.	state authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author, who is reportedly deaf and blind, is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of the forthcoming novel go set a watchman.	many feared outside influences were at play as lee, who lives in an nursing home in monroeville, alabama.
mick schumacher made his pre-season test debut in formula 4.	the 16-year-old, whose father won the formula 1 championship seven times, reached the new category after seven years of karting in what is seen as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top.
chris and nicole peppelman were found dead inside their lower moreland, pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons.	police in lower moreland, pennsylvania received a call from the unidentified juvenile around 12:50pm and rushed to the home on the 100 block of country lane.	while authorities have not yet identified the couple, family and friends say they were chris and nicole peppelman, the owners of a local excavating company.
demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition.	fans will see aidan turner’s dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter.	sunday night’s latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman.
kalman kallai enjoyed the spectacular scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from borden, ontario to comox, british columbia for work purposes.	calculating that the drive would take him across a colossal 2,796 miles (4500km) of land, mr kallai believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country.
more than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six-alarm blaze at general electric's appliance park in louisville, kentucky, shutting down production at the sprawling manufacturing center that employs thousands.	the fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze.	ge spokeswoman kim freeman said there are no known injuries at the structure, building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day.
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service, which marks the start of easter celebrations.	vulnerable women can attend their regular thursday sessions tomorrow.	religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last august.
aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of bbc period drama poldark.	bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirmed that turner’s ross would return for another series, alongside actress eleanor tomlinson, who plays love interest – and now wife – demelza.
dutch national sjaak rijke took place at 5am today in the far north of the african country.	french president francois hollande said some militants were killed and others captured.	but there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time.
australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate, millions of hot cross buns.	sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the easter holiday.	sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fresh cross buns are best suited to washing it down.
jennifer houle, 22, vanished from a bar in minneapolis in the early hours of friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th avenue bridge.	authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river.
candice swanepoel has appeared in max factor's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend marilyn monroe.	the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in the series of shots.
mike whitehead was standing against labour's alan johnson in the hull west and hessle constituency in yorkshire.	but the tories this morning revealed they had already dropped mr whitehead as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a tory councillor.	nigel farage today insisted the tories had suffered a' hammer blow' after a former parliamentary candidate defected to ukip.
detroit native courtney henriette told the detroit news are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to detroit.	the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business.
lindsey walker, from darlington, spent a holiday from hell at the rex hotel in whitley bay, north tyneside.	ms walker, her partner and two-year-old son from darlington set out for their only holiday of the year.	ms walker's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, broken tiles and lingering filth from previous occupants.
amber rachdi, 24, from troutdale in oregon, weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman.	she was ashamed of her enormous 46st (657lb) frame.	but doctors warned that she would be dead by the age of 30.
antonio valente, from dallas, texas, first learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich, who lives in vienna, two weeks ago.	she told him that someone using the name' johnson michael lynn' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending heinrich online.
kim callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children.	she became concerned that her weight was causing her to look like a man.	however, the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb.
scientists have discovered strange new organisms that infect the primitive forms of life that live deep below the ocean floor.	this graphic shows how the new archael virus changes uses' docking tips' - purple area - to infect bacteria.	they now believe it may be viruses like this that actually hold the secret that have allowed archae bacteria to adapt to some of the harshest environments on earth.
piper and william kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on new south wales' central coast at about 5.15pm on saturday.	police said piper died in hospital on sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening.	the incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the astra on wyee road near doyalson with severe injuries.	glenda milham suffered a fractured neck while michelle had broken bones.
president barack obama was in utah on friday to promote an initiative that would see us veterans hired to work for the solar electricity industry.	employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed u.s. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline.
archaeologists have been known to find the remains of bodies clutching make-up, beauty tools in graves and detailed beauty manuals from bygone times.	the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves.	she often mixed donkey-milk with crocodile dung to create a face mask.
donny ray williams, who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee, slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious.	that same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say.	despite admitting his guilt in december, d.c. prosecutors agreed with a prosecutor's recommendation that he not serve jail time due to his serious injuries.
chef ally lees created the dish - which is three-foot in circumference - in time for easter.	but the overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein, which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man.	he recommends a group of no fewer than five attempt tucking into such a massive omelette.
bobbi ann house, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts.	the purchases started in western oregon in early march, then moved through oregon coastal towns and into colorado and oklahoma.
deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said greece will in fact make the payment on time.	greece has denied it will miss a repayment of £330million to the international monetary fund after reports it had drawn up plans to introduce a parallel drachma currency to pay its bills.	sources close to the ruling syriza party claimed the government was prioritising paying wages and pensions over any loans.
louise redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean.	it's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the seventies.	lou tried the out the trend seven years ago with a stella mccartney flared jean.
bob katter has risked being drawn into a race row after accusing the queensland government of believing embattled mp billy gordon was' a little black puppet on a string'.	mr katter said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past, and that he sympathised with mr gordon's position.	mr gordon was forced to quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence.
the new york police department's internal affairs bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online involving detective patrick cherry.	one of the passengers in the car captured the exchange after the incident in west village.	detective cherry was trying to park his hyundai without indicating when the uber driver known only as humayun honked his horn.
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals.	the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's california headquarters and spread to programs in florida and several other locations.	the referrals were key to the company's business model and touted by ahf president michael weinstein at a 2013 leadership summit.
hove promenade is a real-life version of the tv comedy stella street.	the sitcom featured celebrities such as michael caine and ava gardner.	the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer michael paget baxter.
denise chiffon berry, 44, and her son were driving in hawthorne, california on wednesday when they passed by three men in a cadillac - one of whom had his legs dangling out of the window.	the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy.
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk were given the name, data from the office of national statistics shows.	helped by the popularity of actor gary cooper, there was a surge in garys born in the early 1950s.	it is now among a number of once-common names that are close to dying-out.
danny lambo has bought his girlfriend a £10,000 easter present.	the boastful 37-year-old hotelier has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth.	he said:' cleopatra was the ultimate queen of luxury so a bath that runs chocolate instead of water was the perfect easter gift for the queen in my life'.
kris and tina wardle fell in love in 2002 and had planned a life together.	the hgv truck driver would be a widower, after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old mark after a row over his cannabis use.	kris said mark was very quiet and only interested in his computer games.
colombian-born manuela's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday's show.	the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing.	a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake.
gov.	jerry brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on wednesday.	brown said wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels.	california has been in a drought for four years.
cambridge graduate svetlana lokhova, 33, was a' resilient person' driven to a mental breakdown by work colleagues at the bank.	workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user, dubbed her ‘ miss bonkers’, and said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks.	she was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the central london employment tribunal.
james bowen wrote a memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction.	the former big issue salesman and busker has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob and churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years.	but the daily mail can reveal that despite his ample fortune, bowen, 36, continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit.
kilcoy state school is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area.	parents have been accused of not taking vaccination seriously after 19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane contracted whooping cough.	parents were urged to take children with any symptoms to their family.
scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces.	in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.	the research was conducted by scientists from the university of connecticut and published in the journal of neuroscience.
christopher bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions.	jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year.	hcpc conduct and competence committee removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as' a serious breach of trust'.
siobahn o'dell, 17, from north carolina, had applied to the prestigious college in her home state, but on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade.	the teenager, from north carolina, had applied into the prestigious college rejection letter, "this year we had an outstanding pool of applicants," she said.	miss o'dell's letter has attracted nearly 100,000 likes and rebolgs since she posted it to her tumblr account.
linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club: chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen.	no details or cause of death have been released.	linsey, who was nicknamed the' brooklyn brat' on the show, voluntarily exited the shower after getting into a fight with jada cacchilli and a cameraman in the second episode.
townsville nurse maria sevilla and her son, tyrone, will be forced out of the country within 28 days, after ms sevilla's appeal to the immigration department was unsuccessful.	the single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a' burden on the australian health system'.	queensland disabilities minister coralee o'rourke called it a' cold, heartless decision' by the federal government.
kim jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous' pleasure troupe' of young women that north korean leaders have traditionally employed to entertain them.	kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the north korean capital pyongyang in december 2011.
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando, florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old.	the victim's identity has not been released.	hilbert claims that her much older lover' body bumped' her during the argument.
jaye cox and her husband, matthew, decided to deliver their daughter annabelle prematurely on may 5 last year after scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida.	jaye and matthew cox delivered their daughter annabelle at just 20 weeks in canberra hospital after scans showed she developed a serious form of spina bifida.
japanese engineers have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer matsuko deluxe into the limelight.	the late-night television personality shared the stage with his' matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night.
prime minister took advice from martial arts pupils about the best way to deal with the ukip leader when they go up against each other in the two-hour showdown.	the tory leader paid a visit to the kings leadership academy in warrington ahead of the seven-way debate tonight.
four out of ten britons betting on the grand national won last year by pineau de re, centre, make their choice purely down to the name of the horse while 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck.	jockey sam twiston davies admitted that he always salutes a magpie on his way to aintree.
jean green dorsey says the refusal of landlords to let rent-stabilized tenants use the new gym facility in the building' smacks of second-class citizenship'.	other building have installed so-called' poor doors' for use by rent-stabilized tenants while full-rent tenants are n't, according to a complaint last year from tenants' association president jean green dorsey.
three men and their wives and a widower left by car at noon one day for a picnic.	after they had gone three miles, they saw two men and a child in another car that had broken down.
mehmet selim kiraz died after two members of the revolutionary people's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse in istanbul and took him hostage.	the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when two members of the revolutionary people's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage - uploading the photographs of kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process.	turkey has since threatened to block access to google unless images of the siege are removed from its search function.
zulkifli bin hir was born 1966 in muar, johor, according to his profile at the national counterterroism center.	the reward offered by the us state department for the arrest of bin hir, who was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the philippines, was $5million.	bin hir no longer appears on the fbi's website as of wednesday evening.
labour will ban bosses on zero-hours contracts for any longer than 12 weeks.	ed miliband said it was' not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next.	he said a labour government would give workers the right to demand a' regular contract if they do regular hours'.
jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud, gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997, when she left teaching to have her fourth child.	the 60-year-old died last september, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos.	coroner, katy skerrett, recorded a verdict of death as a result of industrial disease.
avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease.	she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects.	the 30-year-old explained the debilitating bacterial infection is the reason behind her months-long absence from the public eye.
david klemmer and david klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban.	canterbury forwards james graham and david klemmer could face sanctions for their unacceptable behaviour on the field.	nrl head of football todd greenberg revealed that the match review committee would' look very closely at' their behaviour, noting that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will' form part of the review'.
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning.	his daughter was taken to birmingham children's hospital with breathing difficulties.	the infant, who is believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering' several injuries'.
sue townsend, author of the bestselling adrian mole books, left £1,106,163 in trust, with her second husband colin broadway and her four children named as beneficiaries.	she also left £10,000 to freedom from torture, legacies of £10,000 to her two sisters, and £1,000 each to 14 cousins, nieces, nephews, aunts and an uncle.
radar images from europe's sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail.	the information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the earth's land mass.
melbourne mother-of-two kady marsh took her baby aside to breastfeed at a sydney hotel.	she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for ‘ over 18s only.	when she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel’s lounge area with baby isla, she was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family.
mike hand from haydock in merseyside became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord.	the 39-year-old is almost ready to leave st helen's hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation.	he now says he needs to make adaptations to his home in haydock, merseyside.
gertrude weaver, 116, of camden, arkansas, attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair.	staff at the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden, about 100 miles southwest of little rock, said weaver is in good health.	they say she attributes her longevity to treating others well.
average value of a waterfront property in salcombe, devon, boasts a skyrocketing average property price: £671,759.	more then the average cost of property in salcombe tops £2million.	regent's park comes in with an average property value of £1,338,467 and hampstead heath close behind at £1,270,274.
richard hutchinson, 40, from thornaby-on-tees, north yorkshire, has been jailed for two years.	cctv footage shows hutchinson run into betting shop and throw a punch at his former friend.	hutchinson punched his victim in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a brain bleed.	he needed 16 days in intensive care and hutchinson has now been jailed for two years.
the woolly mammoth became extinct as a result of crippling bone disease that left them unable to fend off predators.	but now a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium.
oscar hübinette shredded through the snow on the kamchatka peninsula in russia.	his friend fredrik schenholm photographed his exploits.	the air temperature was around -25c (-13f) and the lava temperature would have been more than 1,000c.
jehovah's witness woman and her baby died after she was diagnosed with leukemia.	doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion.	the 28-year-old had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
internet addiction affects 24 million of its 632 million internet users.	centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin.	man behind the facility is tao ran, a doctor and colonel in the people’s liberation army.	he describes wangyin as a form of mental illness.
the first generation ipad was revealed by the late steve jobs in early 2010, but at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular.	but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the ipad’s days are numbered.
gov.	asa hutchinson said wednesday that he wo n't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on tuesday.	he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act.	hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law.
clinton jackson, 25, was jailed for 18 years for targeting the pensioners in their home.	jermaine kellman, 29, clinton jackson, 25, and darren lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city, hertfordshire.	verna fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 july last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves.	mrs fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £250 and a mobile phone from under her pillow.
the child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont, new jersey on march 6 and died later that day.	police released a report after an investigation into his death, the record reported.	an aide overheard him saying to the other student:' do you want me to do something drastic?'
robert durst, 71, has been in custody since his arrest on march 14.	his defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching durst's hotel room in the city without a arrest warrant.	durst was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance.
originally named ena, the historic steam yacht in australia.	originally named ena, the yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year.	it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981.
after eating only four mini solid chocolate eggs that contain 550 kilojules you'll need to run for at least 40 minutes before the guilt, and the calories melted away.	a man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes.
thunder, one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean, sunk off the coast of africa on monday.	sea shepherd claims that thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean.	thunder's sinking is believed to be another deliberate move by the vessel to hide evidence of any illegal activities.
bath abbey could be linked to the city's roman water network using ancient underground springs.	the idea has been in the pipeline for years, but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it’s possible to connect a modern heating system for the building.
president milos zeman criticised by ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in moscow, marking the allied win at the western front in 1945, despite the crisis in ukraine.	president zeman said ambassador schapiro is no longer welcome in the prague castle, the seat of presidency.
lloyds bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby.	homes with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831 – than those in surrounding areas.
staff at scooter's coffee, in omaha, were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours, starting at 5pm on sunday, by an' unknown third party' who then took control of the picture feed.	instead of the usual images of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola's pages after they were hacked.	scooter's coffee, omaha, issued this apology to customers on its facebook page after it was hijacked by hackers for 24 hours.
lianne hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl.	the 37-year-old's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the scandal-hit north manchester general hospital in december.	maternity units are supposed to be the safest places to have babies.
archbishop of canterbury called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists.	most reverend justin welby said the dead were ‘martyrs’.	delivering his easter sermon in canterbury cathedral, he said:' to witness is to be a martyr'.
bette carouze, 78, from brighton, has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes.	the single mother of two is partying away her final years on brighton's gay scene and regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning.
rekha nagvanshi, 30, had turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband deepak, 34, in the district of indore in central india's madhya pradesh state.	she sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea for more than a year.
adam rushton, 37, took advantage of his post as a beat officer in longton, stoke-on-trent, to have sex with women.	the 37-year-old officer was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data.	rushton, from newcastle-under-lyme, denied ten counts of misconduct and two of breaching data protection laws.
lindsay lohan says she feels' at home, i miss it every time i have to leave for work and can’t wait to get back'.	lindsay's leather number is available to purchase for just under $1,000.
jennifer williams, an employee at a flower shop in jeff davis county, georgia, said that she loves gay people but would not help them with flowers for a wedding or commitment ceremony.	conservative christian shop owners have recently come under fire after an indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers.	carlton jeffcoat, who is studying to be a baptist minister, agreed with his mother's decision not to sell flowers to gay people.
photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach.	massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
china's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military.	they included 176 people from pakistan with the remainder from ethiopia, italy, germany, poland, ireland, poland and yemen.	russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects, including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital, sanaa.
donald bullock was convicted wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students' scores on standardized exams.	the defendants - including teachers, were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student atlanta school system.	however the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, superintendent beverly hall - was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week.
joni mitchell has suffered from morgellons disease throughout her life.	has recently dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition.	sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sore develop on their skin.
jamyra gallmon, 21, charged with first-degree murder in washington, d.c.	affidavit revealed on thursday that he had been soliciting sex from men through craigslist.	affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and stabbed victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times.
u.s. attorney ronald machen told house speaker john boehner in a seven-page letter that lerner could wrap herself in the u.s. constitution's fifth amendment, even though she offered a self-serving opening statement before clamming up during a may 22, 2013 hearing.	lerner has long been in the gop's crosshairs because she led the irs department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications for tax-exempt status.
more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday.	firefighters and gas workers were still battling to extinguish the fire.	much of the area is cordoned off as firefighters struggle to extinguish the fire.
mary was the youngest child in a family of four children born to a mother aged 30 and a father aged 33.	mary's family, who lived in liverpool, were well-known to social services and had been reported five times amid concerns of alcohol abuse, domestic violence and child neglect.	mary was born 12 weeks early at alder hey children's hospital in liverpool.
tracy stratton said her daughter, tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham, south east london.	she claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house.
ed miliband confessed that he' blubbed' during the british film pride that centres on the 1984 miners' strike.	it centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a london-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to south wales.
joseph mcenroe, 36, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children.	the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole.	mcenroe had been living with his girlfriend in a mobile home in the backyard at the time.
samantha cameron has ruled out having another baby, but his wife samantha has ruled out adding to the family in number 10.	the couple cooed over seven-week-old regan as they meet her parents, robert arron and kelly jeffers at a housing development in chorley, lancashire.
shauna mcglasson, 25, from workington, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at blackpool pleasure beach in august last year.	shauna, who was a takeaway addict, was carrying her three-year-old daughter lacey in her arms at the time and the toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself.	this was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been left battling depression and anxiety.
dr margaret-ann and david rous died when their light aircraft crashed into a scottish hillside while flying from their home in dundee to make a surprise to see family on an island in the inner hebrides on saturday.	the pair had arranged a secret visit using mr rous’s light aircraft to see his wife’s mother and sister on an island in the scottish highlands.
woods announced on friday that he will play next week in the masters.	the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national.	he said:' it's obviously very important to me, and i want to be there.	i'm excited to get to augusta, and i appreciate everyone's support.	he will have gone nine weeks without playing when he returned in 2010.
mcdonald's announced wednesday that it will raise starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate.	the company said the increase will be instituted starting july 1.	it expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016.
jen psaki thought the offer to be president barack obama's communications director would n't last long.	she figured white house chief of staff denis mcdonough had n't heard she's expecting a baby girl in july.	psaki, who was serving as chief spokeswoman at the state department.
jessica ainscough, 30, died in late february after a lengthy fight with cancer.	she spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as gerson sarcoma.	ms ainscough began a course of targeted radiation, which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas.
the man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, could be seen leaning out sliding door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the m40 near oxford.	he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle.	today his boss revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out because he was n't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air.
peter and bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter.	i was 76 when poppy came along last may, making me, i believe, the oldest living british new father.
former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to' liberal environmentalists,' whom she says brought on the state's water shortage with their policies.	she told glenn beck during a monday radio interview.	fiorina, a maybe presidential candidate, said, is it' has suffered from droughts for millennia,' and still' liberal environmentalists.
australia's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal' shot' for reptile wranglers on the nsw central coast.	the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of a brown snake.	mr collett has been milking snakes for almost 10 years but has never extracted venom from a king cobra.
tara mcintyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after taking a lethal cocktail of drink and prescription drugs has been jailed.	she had just popped out to the shops in her small ka when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered the life-changing injuries.	hagon, who already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003, had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit.
gigi hadid, 19, has credited her best friend for helping her deal with social media.	she has a really good sense of when to stand up on social media ] and when it came to learning how to deal with the haters.
sister duo jess, 22, and stef dadon have teamed up with new york company' print all over me'.	introduced to the company via a mutual friend in the u.s., the girls knew it was a match made in heaven.
destiny's child reunited at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend.	the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd.	they were n't introduced as destiny's child - they were introduced by their individual names.
spatial distribution of the land at 6,800 feet in the sierra nevada in early april.	the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as california depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs.	governor jerry brown observed the survey on wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the sierra nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began.
brad pitt, 51, backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of new orleans in 2012.	the star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city.	but in a lawsuit filed in new orleans’ district court last week, pitt’s make it right foundation is suing timber treatment technologies for $500,000.
motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury on tuesday morning.	the motorist had been stuck behind the 22-tonne lorry for several miles.	he swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost, smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road.
rinko konishi had believed the film fargo was real - after all the hit movie begins with the words' this is a true story - when she was found dead in a mini-skirt and high-heeled boots in the frozen wastes of minnesota just days after arriving.	fargo was shot in the frozen wastes around the north dakota town not far from where takako died.	but it turns out that it was all a misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from tokyo who could not speak english.
asia siddiqui, an american citizen, was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen.	he was also friends with the one-time editor of al qaeda magazine inspire.	kahn was apparently so chummy with siddiqui that he published one of her poems in the precursor to inspire.
amanda holden will host the new show on itv highlighting plight of rspca centre in birmingham.	on give a pet a home, amanda and her co-stars will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured.
students think up progressively more outlandish ways to ask each other to the biggest dance of the year.	with budgets for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average american high schooler, that means most intend to spend $324 on the once-simple query.
fearless atif saeed, 38, from lahore, pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance.	mr saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames.	atif saeed crept to within 10 feet of the hungry lion before leaving the safety of his car to lie on the ground.
mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning.	the average score is taken to be 100, and a score below this means your intelligence is below average.
jose ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous, filed with pretty villas and sleek beach huts.	rolling stone ronnie wood and restaurateur giuseppe cipriani are among the stars said to have escaped the spotlight.
waheed ahmed, son of labour councillor shakil ahmed, said it was' unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join isis should be free to come home.	it comes after members of the same family were arrested in turkey this week.	mr danczuk said:' i think i speak for the vast majority of people in rochdale'.
a photographer has captured dozens of elvis impersonators as they gathered at some of europe's biggest tributes to the king.	the dedicated fans at events including europe's tribute to elvis in blackpool, the elvis weekender in bridlington, east riding of yorskshire, and the european elvis championships in birmingham.	the 50-year-old, from east yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called' the kings of england'.
islamic state militants have imposed a new law threatening to jail anyone caught wearing skinny jeans or having music on their mobile phones in an apparent crackdown on hipsters.	the terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its syrian stronghold of raqqa.	violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an' islamic course', it was reported by anti-isis informants in the city.
konstantin sivkov wrote a column in the military-industrial courier that russian should develop a small force of megaweapons that can cause tsunamis and seismic activity at yellowstone national park to erupt.	sivkov wrote earlier this month that russia needed new' megaweapons' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies.	he said that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the us, which is' moving to the borders or russia'.
tim mcnaughton body was discovered alongside his father greg mcnaughton’s near a shooting range at a farm in the caves, near rockhampton in central queensland on tuesday.	tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the northern territory police.	tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the northern territory police.
desert fairy circles are considered one of nature's greatest mysteries.	they are large barren patches of earth measuring anywhere between 10ft and 65ft in diameter (three metres to 20 metres) that are ringed by short grass dotting the scrub land like craters on the moon, or big freckles.	several teams of scientists are trying to explain the bizarre markings, and suggestions have included termites nibbling grass, zebras rolling in circles, competition for resources.
department store giant has slashed prices on almost 200 products.	department store giant spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert featuring monty the penguin.	john lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover christmas stock despite spending millions on a festive advertising campaign.
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in western australia.	the concerns around fiona stanley hospital, in southwest perth, were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources.	the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
ashley jennifer white, 30, and paul thomas, 32, have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son, noah, last month.	their 5-year-old son, noah thomas, went missing from their home on the morning of march 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter.	police confirmed his body was found in a septic tank near the family home march 26.
ryanair informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from glasgow prestwick airport to the spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin.	ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision, but it follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the island.
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland, police sgt.	ricardo cruz told the associated press.	cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam, but it was unclear exactly when the couple died.
lane smith passed away in a freak accident last july.	he left behind his heavily-pregnant girlfriend and their unborn son.	but now, nearly eight months after his passing, the young oklahoma family has been reunited in their first ever family portrait.
princess beatrice gave the area her seal of approval courtesy of a night spent partying at shoreditch house.	the 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend virgin galactic's dave clark, 31, and looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress.
bell 525 relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $15million (£10.12m) for their own.	the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping.
canadian sarah gadon has been re-created in a new film, showing the young princesses elizabeth and margaret.	among the most curious viewers of a royal night out, released next month to coincide with the anniversary of ve day on may 8.
nicole kidman has been slammed by an american union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with etihad airways.	the union has waged a public campaign against etihad and other united arab emirates airlines claiming they' are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices and deplorable treatment of female employees'.	etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
study reported in the british medical journal found that 90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14.	the shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a & e visits.
argentinian con-artist sofia davila, 21, posted raunchy pictures or herself online and then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network, suggesting they meet up for sex.	but after meeting her victims, the 21-year-old from buenos aires, would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious.	she was caught after trying to trick police that she was innocent bystanders in the robberies.	she is now awaiting trial after admitting tricking 15 men and robbing them.
prince harry has been filmed revelling in a spitfire ride from goodwood to the isle of wight.	he will also visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier, both in canberra.	harry, who is leaving the army in june, relished his adrenaline-charged spitfire ride from goodwood to the south pole.
nicola horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.	she revealed juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office – even while carrying out job interviews.	her eldest daughter georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.	she is disapproving of stay-at-home mothers because she believes the lifestyle will leave them twiddling their thumbs.
the $2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february.	the company was fined $60,000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff.	but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.	dr gannon said the latest revelations will further damage the hospitals public image, generating a loss of morale within its workforce.
jay indulges and alexis rene share their amazing travel snaps on jay's tumblr blog as well as on instagram, where jay has 735,000 followers and alexis an impressive 1.1million.	their travels take them across the globe, from their california base to hawaii and indonesia.	parachute jumps from helicopters and hot air balloons also make up the adventurers' existence - all the while looking like calvin klein models.
bunkie king, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her sister worked.	ms king shocked and intrigued the australian public when she entered into a relationship with thompson, who was twice her age, while he was also involved with leona – who is nicknamed le.	le (pictured left) was 20 years old when she started a relationship with the australian actor.
rick yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn.	but grand prairie resident rick yoes claims the city did n't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail.	issues yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, an inoperable vehicle and a dirty swimming pool.
bernard' barry' freundel, wife of disgraced d.c, gave a speech on march 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal.	mrs freundel told the room of about 150 people, according to the washington post.	mrs freundel did not directly address her personal drama.
jennifer mcgirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows to the tower view hotel, which she owns, were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a' premeditated' attack.	she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality tv show, where b & b owners visit each others properties and rate their stay.	hotelier jennifer mcgirr claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls on channel 4's' four in a bed'.
leo almost burned down his owner's home as he hunted for his dog treats.	the heat from the hob's rings set fire to a child's seat that had been left resting on the electric appliance.	smoke began to fill the three storey home in peckham, south-east london.
ralph body, up until march 29, manned the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city, queens.	the 41-year-old told the new york post he' gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked -- all while keeping a smile on his face.	but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants -- by taking care of pets and watering plants, among other chores.
scientists have found that halobatrachus didactylus makes five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates.	the fish, which lives in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor, can whistle, croak and grunt.
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register making him unable to continue working at the custom house surgery in newham, east london as well as other surgeries in north london after he admitted secretly filming men in the gym.	the urology specialist cut peepholes in lynx bottles and dried them so he could hide his iphone inside to film through the hole.	he then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men next door to him.
the pdsa has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high.	experts predicting that more than half will be overweight within five years.	around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight.
a memorial display at dusseldorf airport has revealed the first photograph of the hero pilot who tried to break into the plane’s cockpit.	mr sondheimer is the man who orchestrated the disaster by steering flight 9525, from barcelona to dusseldorf, into the mountains killing all of those on board.	it has since emerged that mr lubitz had carefully planned the attack using the online pseudonym ‘skydevil’.
snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease' it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia'.	queensland police say officers were called to the esplanade at surfers paradise on or about march 26, to respond to reports of a large snake spotted at the base of a tree on a footpath.
richie sambora is being investigated by police over claims he' threatened to kill' his former fashion designer nikki lund last july.	the ex bon jovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would' dig a hole in the desert and bury her', daily mail online can exclusively reveal.	sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19.
houthi rebels loyal to yemen's deposed president ali abdullah saleh entered its seventh day.	the attack on the dairy factory comes as saudi arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in yemen in the hope of forcing the houthi rebels to allow current president, abed rabbo mansour hadi to return to the country, after he fled the southern port city last week.
arnold quintero, 21, from san antonio, texas faces string of charges.	girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her.	he faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child.
tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules.	regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped.	an army spokeswoman said they will go into effect in the' very near future'.
park inn by radisson has announced the launch of a pioneering, new virtual travel service which redefines the concept of' holiday'.	the grand mosque in abu dhabi is the world's first' virtual holiday' experience on social media.	e-scapes is the famous checkpoint charlie was the famous berlin wall crossing between east berlin and west berlin.
health minister dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5kg, losing two inches off his 35in waist.	his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent.	each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
national union of teachers suggested government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead' shut down debate' in schools.	teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions.	they also claimed young people feel unable to express there views on certain subjects.
billy-anne huxham, 18, from caboolture, queensland, was found at 9.45pm at aerodrome road in maroochydore, queensland's sunshine coast.	police found the nissan suv that was used in her abduction earlier that day.	ms huxham's ex partner carl garry chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
gibbons - better known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit - have been found to regularly use the secretive form of communication.	the apes, which are found in the forest of south east asia, produce a variety of soft call types, known as' hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear.
delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills.	the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25.	rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power.	they were last seen on march 28.
joe giudice, who is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000.	he pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation.	his wife, teresa, is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges.
summer robertson from shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a beach in december near kenton-on-sea, a small town on the country's south-eastern coast.	miss robertson was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group.	summer robertson, 21, who died after drowning off the coast of south africa, where she had been helping youngsters in one of the country's poorest townships.
shadow chancellor was joined by the scottish labour leader at the royal concert hall in glasgow today.	the number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from 2million to 5million in two decades.	tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power.
gemma flanagan, 31, from liverpool, was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome, a rare condition which attacks the nervous system.	the aspiring model was working for british airways when the condition first struck.	but the aspiring model is taking part in a show called' the beauty within' by models of diversity at london's olympia.
karen davis, from port pirie in south australia, was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app.	police released a statement alleging the 38-year-old mother' pursued' the google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself, and that it was an illegal act.	ms davis will be summonsed to appear in the port pirie magistrates court.
refugee from congo has been working as a cleaner in australia for more than eight years.	footage of the incident shows an angry woman appearing in her neighbour's front yard, verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him.	she then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them.
adam crapser, 39, of salem, was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2.	the father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister.
louis jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina.	he was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital.	coast guard crew said they did not know any details about his time at sea.
taliban's bizarre biography of their' charismatic' supreme leader mullah omar praises the one-eyed terrorist's' special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers.	the taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently, with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric who has not been seen since the 2001 us-led invasion.
boko haram has retreated from parts of northeastern nigeria to be used as' human shields'.	boko haram's reported use of children as' expendable cannon fodder'.	this comes in response to last week's reports that hundreds of women and children had been forced to marry boko haram fighters.
the man, ibrahim jalloh, along with another australian, bengali sherrif, were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014.	sherrif has already been sentenced to death, according to the abc.	australian man ibrahim jalloh is awaiting trial after reportedly being arrested attempting to smuggle drugs in china.
david fitzgerald believes he was a literary invention that combined the stories from several cults and figures in judea during the first century.	he claims there are no contemporary mentions of jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived, yet other jewish sect leaders from the time do appear.
chelsea manning, the us army solider who was convicted of leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to wikileaks, has begun tweeting from behind bars at leavenworth military prison in kansas.	manning sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters, including the american civil liberties union, amnesty international and journalist glenn greenwald.	within just a few hours @ xychelsea racked up more than 16,000 followers.
john r. lind, 34, admitted to tainting pat maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at beisswenger’s hardware store in new brighton, minnesota.	initially, maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled.	lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior.
jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group, which tracks the world's longest-living people.	gertrude weaver, a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on monday.
randy johnston, 68, from dallas, texas, decided to leave two' fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds - his then went about filming the moment of discovery.	but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with his six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
putin will consider any attempt to return the crimean peninsula to ukraine as declaration of war and will take any necessary step.	notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that putin is planning imminent' destabilising actions' in pro-western baltic states.
kourtnie a. sanchez, 25, was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations, solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor.	sanchez - whose maiden name is olsen - is married and is believed to have three children.	she will next appear in court on may 8.
iran's president hassan rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear agreement.	residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and joyously waved their national flag following the breakthrough deal.	mr rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal.	mr cameron and barack obama insisted the deal was' strong'.
amateur jockey lee ferguson is flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton.	the jockey from hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory.	his feet point directly to the sky as he begins to exit his spin and the turf starts to rush towards the disorientated young jockey.
li chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in north-eastern taiwan's hualien county, hualien county, when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door.	animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner tang chao, who called police.	mr chao says he suspected his neighbour li of being the culprit, and called police.
marta orellana was just 9-years-old when one day at the orphanage she was ordered to go to the infirmary.	the few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected, and many among them were orphans.	federico mesa was just 9-years-old when one day at the orphanage she was ordered to go to the infirmary.
deborah fuller, 56, dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car as she drove along the b1066 near long melford, essex.	the rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow.	he is believed to have somehow escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the b1006 behind the car.	fuller has also been banned from keeping animals for five years.
dr martin luther king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis, tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement.	king's leadership of the civil rights movement was demonstrated in the wanted picture issued by the fbi.
mobile phone companies boasted that 4g services would be ‘ five times faster’ than the existing 3g networks when they launched in the autumn of 2012.	4g technology is being promoted by the big mobile networks on the basis it offers high speed internet access and smooth video streaming without annoying buffering.
wall street journal mergers and acquisitions reporter dana mattioli took to twitter to announce that intel was in talks to buy one of its competitors, chipmaker altera.	seconds later, the trader had snapped up 3,158 contracts of altera, with each option contract giving them the right to purchase 100 shares.	seconds later, when the market closed for the day, altera was valued at $44.39 per share.
donna oettinger, 41, cradled her three-year-old son while she lay down in front of a train killed them both after finding out her husband had a second family in egypt.	she had starting suffering depression after going to zaki's father, mohammed el shaer, in egypt, and discovering he had another family, an inquest heard.	after visiting a psychiatrist in november zaki was referred to social services, although the case was not reviewed.
rspca is considering abandoning its controversial policy of' pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions' after the collapse of the latest case.	the animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act after its decision last month to drop the case against william bryer, joint master of the renowned cattistock hunt in dorset.
mohammed alam, sayed juied and sadek miah treated burglary' like a job,' raiding houses in affluent west london, herfordshire and surrey.	over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes, taking a ferrari, porches, minis, paintings and cash worth £1million, often waiting until home owners were on holiday before striking.	sayed juied, 32, and sadek miah, 31, were jailed for six years each.
sarah theeboom has n't washed her hair in six years after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.	when sarah asked for her secret, her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular' no poo' movement.
the havasupai tribe are the smallest indian nation in america.	visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule.	the plot was claimed by the havasupai tribe from the national park rangers in 1975.
online marriage proposals and star-struck children are a regular feature of rae johnston's life.	the 33-year-old sydney based tech and gaming journalist insists she's a geek through and through.	ms johnston said she receives regular proposals for her signature cosplay wonder woman outfit.
ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at the eagle medical practice and a private residential address on the island of alderney after the force was alerted by the health & social services department.	hssd said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council was informed.	the practice in olivier street is run by dr rory lyons.
the nauseating footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland, oregon.	the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher's crotch - causing him to squirm violently on the floor.	amazingly, his co-worker stepped up and immediately took a second swing.
evolo magazine's 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries.	the first place in this year's contest was awarded to a polish group called bomp for its' natural habitat' essence skyscraper.	the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans, water floors, fish tanks lifted to 98 feet (30 metres) above ground, and jungle areas.	the evolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise' outstanding ideas for vertical living'.
members of the banned leftist group - known as the dhkp-c - took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week.	members of the banned leftist group - known as the dhkp-c - took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week.	both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out.
salvina formosa from south wentworthville, west of sydney, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath.	the centenarian wakes up at 5am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness as she lives a life with a kind heart free of jealousy and prays daily.
blue bell ice cream announced friday that it has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people.	ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant in brenham, texas.	ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant in brenham, texas, the company's headquarters.	listeriosis, also known as listeria, is a life-threatening infection caused by eating food contaminated with bacteria called listeria monocytogenes.
youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people.	passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat, according to the bangkok post.	thick black smoke can be seen rising from the stricken vessel.
kamron t. taylor fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a.m.	he somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.	taylor, a 23-year-old from kankakee, is considered armed and dangerous, the sheriff said.
more than 1,000 cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website.	private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night – and the bulk of them are located in the capital of havana.	airbnb has plans for rapid growth in cuba, where its employees have spent the last three months.
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence.	the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal.	this week the 55-year-old had his licence was cancelled in 2013 after a string of complaints.
fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries.	at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops.	apple defines the apple watch battery on its watch product page.
gizelle laurente had booked her son, jacob prien, on a flight from darwin to brisbane because of his autism.	ms laurente feared jacob's dreams had been shattered, when she was told her son would not be able to fly with the airline's unaccompanied minors service.	ms laurente said she then told the captain her son had been given a higher dose of his usual medication.
tiffanie didonato, from swansboro, north carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia.	underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8, which is how tall her son titan currently is.
a red cross worker has pictured another syrian girl who became scared and raised her arms to surrender.	it was then rene schulthoff realised the girl - alone and barefoot among the metal huts - was so scared of his camera' she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon'.	mr schulthoff told mailonline these children' grow up in permanent fear and under extremely poor conditions'.
nearly 70,000 followers, ugaaso abukar boocow, has become a celebrity on instagram.	she is trying to change people’s perceptions with photos and videos.	the 27-year-old is trying to change people's perceptions of somalia.
ryan burns of eureka, california, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action.	footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.	footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
steven christopher costa, 31, plans to leave his home in devon to fight against isis in iraq because jihadis' need to be put down like rabid dogs'.	mr costa, who spent six years in the navy, will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights.	he said:' when you have a rabid dog, you take it to the vet and put it down'.
kevin pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson, florida last week.	the injured brother, 16-year-old trevor, attended the boys' funeral at st. james the apostle catholic church in a wheelchair on wednesday, before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life.	mourners leave the funeral in port richey, florida as the boys' older brother trevor pimentel, 16, who was shot in the incident, is helped into a waiting limo.
carlos colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in cambridge district court.	remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology.	the suspect had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim's head.
dangelo conner, from new york, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend's apartment, first waving it around, then sending volts coursing through a coke can.	but his antics all went horribly wrong after he decided to electrocute a metal bracelet while he was still holding it, sending the current through his hand and into his body.	since dangelo posted the footage on his facebook page the video has gone viral, being viewed more than 17million times.
former paramedic crsity collins had admitted that she used ice while driving and treating patients in an effort to raise awareness about the damaging drug.	the 30-year-old, who worked as a paramedic while high on the drug, has made her story public in an attempt to raise awareness of the illegal substance and the lack of support available for its victims.
orgasmic meditation, shortened to om, is shown guiding a couple through orgasmic meditation, which aims to teach couples how to' expand the sweet spot' experienced during orgasm has swept into the uk.	orgasmic affects the same parts of the human brain as conventional meditation.
american conservatives were up in marks in 2013 after the irs confirmed it had been slow-walking tax-exemption applications from tea party groups based on red-flag words in their names.	the decision from u.s. district judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs.
an experiment on the iss will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity.	the experiment is being developed at the german aerospace center in bremen, and is called eden (evolution and design of environmentally-closed nutrition sources).	they hope to build a greenhouse in antarctica to test the first space garden in 2016.
zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum, lime juice, falernum, angostura, pernod, cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice.	femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world.
tiger's nest monastery is the most sacred site in the buddhist country of bhutan.	women were elegantly attired in long sarongs with silk jackets and embroidered scarves.	houses are decorated with dragons, animals and phallic symbols to guard against malicious thoughts.
lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in the borough of queens on march 19.	the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness.	witnesses who overheard the allegedly awkward interaction told the newspaper that edwards was then shuffled away.	camille is a bully and will target people she does n't like, most often women.
kristin holmes, 26, arrested for' facebook thugging' after posting photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users' misdirected threats'.	she is now facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and a $2,500 fine.	she has since been charged with harassment by computer, according to wwbt.
nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year.	but at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration caps would be ‘ludicrous’ because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country.	ukip’s manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ‘ might change every year’.
a manual for the party's supporters urges them to appear' level headed' and' agreeable' – and even encourages them to compliment people's homes.	the advice, which has been distributed among green campaigners in london, also provides stock answers to ease voters' concerns about their radical plans.
karl lagerfeld, 82, with three-year-old siamese choupette, who has earned £2million from tv appearances.	last year choupette earned nearly as much as cara delevingne, despite only doing two jobs.	choupette became the most famous cat in the world, and the head designer for fashion house chanel.
thomas, 42, a referee for college football's conference usa, has been considered before for a position in the nfl before she was chosen to start in the league next year.	she has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the nfl's training program since 2013.	thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season.
dr michael shannon saved chris trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago, he could never have known that the favor would one day be returned.	but in 2011, dr shannon was trapped in his burning suv after it was t-boned by a semi-truck, when he was hit by a truck and pinned beneath it in his vehicle.	firefighters from paramedic engine 29 - of which trokey was a part - responded to the fire and managed to stop the flames and cut him out of the car.
rob kardashian is rarely seen out and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years.	his family have once again expressed their concern for the once gregarious but now reclusive 28-year-old.
a judge has dismissed stalking and harassment charges against joshua malatino this week.	malatino allegedly offered his rival's customers free ice cream and boasted that he' owned the town's ice cream truck business in gloversville'.	the resolution to the case marks two years of bitter legal battles between malatino, scott and phillip hollister, who the pair were accused of stalking.
latisha fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder.	she allegedly told police she put the boy' to spare him so i was protecting him.	i put him to sleep with my hand,' reported the new york post.	fisher was sentenced to probation under the center for alternative sentencing.
kathrin goldbach, the girlfriend of killer andreas lubitz, and her family, have reportedly fled their home in montabaur and have no plans to return.	the 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home in the close-knit rural community of montabaur.	it is just not possible for them to keep a low profile so they are not coming back.
jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at karoola, north east of launceston.	his mother stephanie offered him $20 to locate the nest.	within minutes, the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic two-year-old nest near a creek bank after following a trail of wasps.
the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr, queensland, on tuesday.	the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry.	rspca spokesman michael beatty says it's understood the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
paris picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché by delivering a freshly-prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city.	visitors or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps.	le chic comes with a choice of cheeses, charcuterie, gourmet crisps, a green salad, water and a seasonal dessert.
randy pierce, from nashua, may now gearing up to run the boston marathon this month.	he was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the tough mudder's' king of the swingers' obstacle in california last week.	pierce had to jump off a ledge and grab a piece of rope that he needed to swing to a bell 25 feet above the air, before falling into a pit of muddy water.
tina campbell paid £100 for hair extensions - and was left with a hole in her head.	the incident has not deterred her from hair hair extensions again.	tina, who spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages, said the incident has not deterred her from hair extensions.
jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch.	the pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place.	henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain.
sussex police was accused of ‘victim-blaming’ in its campaign, which urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers.	campaigners have criticised the message in this sussex police poster arguing it implies that victims are to blame for getting raped.
sir stirling moss was behind the wheel of the refurbished austin-healey sprite.	the 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career before a crash at goodwood in 1962.	sir stirling, who won 212 races in his 14-year career, also spoke about how he has swapped the high-octane vehicles for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of just 50mph.
taylor davis, 20, was seen in the kissimmee, florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday.	the unsuspecting woman was shopping at a walmart store in florida when the bizarre incident took place.	davis was questioned by police and was cooperating with the investigation.
the event was an attempt at the world's biggest easter egg hunt in sacramento when adults launched in trying to grab sweets for their children.	the parents were scooping up all of the eggs for their older kids and it was horrible,' mother tessa moon said.	footage of the hunt, which did not break the world record, was raising money for victims of human trafficking.
parking attendant roberto cinti was driving the ferrari, when he mistook the throttle for the brake.	the car's owner entrusted the car, which is one of the most powerful ever produced by ferrari, to a parking attendant who attempted to return it to the hotel in a timely manner.	however, instead of pressing the brake when approaching a shop front, the driver mashed the throttle, unleashing 671bhp from the magnificent 6.0-litre v12 engine, which ordinarily could propel the car to 60 miles per hour in less than 3.5 seconds.
the red lady's remains were found in the el mirón cave in cantabria, spain.	when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal.	during the upper paleolithic period the magdalenian culture occupied much of western europe and spanned from as early as 10,000 bc.
scotland's oldest inhabited castle also hosts drumming and singing, egg decorating, storytelling and an easter bonnet parade.	little monkeys can perfect their mischief making skills with an easter weekend of merriment, mirth and tomfoolery at stirling castle.
nigel farage has revealed his preparation technique for tonight's crunch election debate – no booze until 6pm.	the ukip leader said he wanted to' keep his mind as clear as possible' before the two-hour live tv showdown.	but he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain's six other political party leaders.
meaghan hudson, 25, left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in december 2013, saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma, a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow.	the 25-year-old, who lives in chula vista, california, also had a fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother, margaret hudson.	meaghan's sister, haley hudson, said that meaghan's alleged stunt was a cry for attention.
new research is questioning conventional wisdom and warning instead of the dangers of too little salt.	but new research is now questioning conventional wisdom and warning instead of the dangers of too little salt.
frank sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow.	he said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if mia farrow's son ronan was her brother.	it has never been reported before that sinatra underwent the medical procedure.	rumours about the parentage of her son ronan, 27, have long dogged the actress.
scientist fergus simpson has calculated the minimum size needed for intelligent life to survive.	he calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - the median weight of a polar bear.	aliens are often portrayed as diminutive beings, but in ‘reality’ they could be much larger.
the 71-year-old's childhood home in scarsdale, new york, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california.	but realtors have glossed over the coincidence and the checkered past involving durst's mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32.
canadian fair trade network hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from.	each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item.
tuti yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1, 1880.	the current record holder is french woman jeanne calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.	ms yusupova's death came in the same week as misao okawa, who died on april 1, a few weeks after she celebrated her 117th birthday.
samsung will be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple's upcoming iphone range.	apple relies heavily on other firms to produce the various components it uses in its iphones and ipads.	samsung has previously supplied apple with various iphone parts.
lisa parkisson, 35, died 48 hours after giving birth at oldham royal in june last year.	newborn thomas beaty died at oldham royal 48 hours after doctors forced him back into the womb during birth.	team of independent investigators also found risk management was' below standard' in some cases.
london midland has vowed to give police cctv images of a' disgusting' passenger suspected of defecating inside a train carriage as it travelled through the birmingham area.	the passenger made the awful discovery said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service from lichfield trent valley to longbridge.	it plunged commuters into hours of misery as the act of vandalism on the cross city line caused severe delays.
rare celluloid painting was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel.	the rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version from which artists working on the yellow submarine film created all other images of the fab four travel to pepperland to save it from the blue meanies.	yellow submarine was a critical success on its release and led onto the beatles' 10th studio album the following year.
charlie chaplin's divorce papers lay bare the film star's' cruel and inhumane' treatment of his teenage bride during their short-lived marriage.	chaplin's union to lita grey, who was nearly 20 years his junior, lasted just three years.	chaplin, then 35, married his second wife lita, 16, in 1924 and the union lasted for three years.
maxine fohounhedo, 30, was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride the month before.	the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with fohounhedo.	she called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at swedish covenant hospital, the chicago tribune reported.
indonesia's attorney-general has claimed that bali nine duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last ditch legal appeals.	the convicted australian drug dealers learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in jakarta's state administrative court.	indonesia's hm prasetyo said the pair would be executed soon and there would be no more delays as their latest court challenge failed.
cavemen and women sketched an incredible array of prehistoric beasts on the rough limestone walls of a cave in modern day france 36,000 years ago.	it contains pictures of oxen, cows, deer and other animals the original artists used as inspiration.	now experts have scanned the original drawings using 3d modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetres.
alison hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler.	she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged.	after five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from the back of her throat and fell out onto the pavement.	she believes the nail may have worked its way inside the inhaler through a gap at the top.
india mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran 20 miles east of mumbai.	the youngster, who was on the second day of a holiday, was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival.	her mother, brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds.
jack dellal left his whole estate to wife ruanne, but she is suing after discovering that she is owed up to £385million more.	the former beauty queen has launched a high court claim against his relatives, in which she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family.	mrs dellal is suing six of her husband's children, including gabrielle, left, and jasmine, right.
chip shop boss john clarkson has created a new answer to the creme egg question of' how do you eat yours?' by turning the chocolate into a pie to serve with chips.	the result is his very own'pie-egg-ra' dish - creme egg oozing from the traditional pie casing which is then served with chips.
dr julie epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct.	she has been prosecuted by the health care complaints commission (hccc) for her conduct between august 2007 and august 2009, fairfax media reports.	the doctor, who opened one of nsw's first anti-ageing clinics, has been found guilty of medical misconduct.
wrigley field reduced the famous stadium to a potential public health disaster.	the cubs admitted as much on sunday as thousands of fans in attendance struggled to get to the bathroom.	social media was flooded with complaints.
law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.	researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.	law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
giuliana rancic looked fantastic as she left the trump international hotel in new york city on monday, just a day before the release of her new tell-all going off script.	she wrote of the affair:' i was being two-timed for one of the lesser spices?'
lindsey norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns she had purchased from her local sainsbury's in peterborough, cambridgeshire.	she said:' it made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to easter'.
medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock blamed a 56-year-old man's kidney problems on the 16 cups of iced tea every day.	black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
kellie maloney has left hospital after completing her sex change and said:' i am proud to be the woman i should've always been'.	she now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in kent with children sophie, 20, and libby, 14, and may also go to europe for some spring sunshine to help her heal.
ivan milat butchered and buried bodies in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw.	milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992.	he has been locked up in goulburn's supermax jail for almost 20 years.
ivan carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old brenda avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home in palmetto at 2.30am wednesday.	the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence at the lone oak mobile home in palmetto.	avilez was nine months pregnant at the time, the herald reports, the fetus did not survive.	crawford, 21, was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
lara logan is back home and recovering after being hospitalized for the fourth time this year.	she is said to be resting at her home in the washington dc area but working on upcoming stories.	a close family friend of logan's financial pundit ed butowsky confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized and revealed the extent of the journalism heavy hitter's suffering since the attack in cairo's tahrir square.
cressida bonas has done anything but sit around and mope.	she's bagged herself a modelling contract with mulberry, starred in a west end stage play and is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench.	it's no wonder cressida was wearing so much mulberry after being named the new face of the brand.
john and elizabeth knott lived in an ‘idyllic’ £500,000 retirement cottage in herefordshire.	but mr knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed alzheimer’s disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door.	he had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land – and kept a file ‘ three inches thick’ on the planning proposals.
dr fredric brandt hanged himself on sunday at his miami mansion.	the city of miami police confirmed dr brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on monday.	sources close to dr brandt said he had hanged himself at his home.	dr brandt, 65, was' devastated' by the portrayal.
au pairs industry experts want to attract more workers from asia where wages are low.	instead of employing european students on working holidays to act as au pairs industry experts said.	compared with childcare rates of $100 a day or more, overseas nannies and au pairs.
district of columbia metro police and u.s. secret service uniform division officers clear pennsylvania avenue in front of the white house.	the outage' briefly had an impact on the white house complex' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later.	the impact on the white house was' minimal,' he said, but was unable to say how many offices in the west wing were affected.
rosa camfield was born in june of 1913 and died monday.	she detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era.	rosa had three children, five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren.	rosa had three children, five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren.
the four corners area (red) is the major u.s. hot spot for methane emissions in this map showing how much emissions varied from average background concentrations from 2003-2009 (dark colors are lower than average).	methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere.	like carbon dioxide, it contributes to global warming.
richard and angela maxwell became 10th on the national lottery rich list.	they scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday.	mr maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an april fools' day joke on her when he told her.
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born in barnsley, west yorkshire.	after undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked, her parents, jade reader and matthew bygrave, were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive.
diane greenberg, a devout catholic, and her husband bob, who is jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion.	katie had a confirmation, attended weekly catholic instruction and remains a committed christian to this day.
prince andrew will not face court action in the us over claims he had sex with an under-age girl, after a florida judge ruled her claims must be struck out.	her claims that she was a ‘ sex slave’ to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times should be ‘ struck from the record’.	prince andrew is not mentioned by name in the ten-page ruling, made in the palm beach county court, florida.
jeffrey williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during a rally on march 12.	the man accused of shooting two police officers during a demonstration in ferguson's early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of ferguson's police chief.	all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them, but despite the warning williams spoke freely about the incident.	williams' attorney, jerryl christmas, has said williams told him he never fired during the protest.
andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u, which was found to be selling nhs patients' details on without their knowledge.	chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling nhs patients’ data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of hbos.
orphaned youngsters - one of which escaped death after being carried away in a jack russell's mouth - are doing better than ever after they were taken in by retired farmer pauline kidner.	nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced to see whether the cubs were ready for food.
laos is a popular tourist destination known for its beautiful scenery and ornate temples.	this slowly growing mound of white and orange calcite is one of the larger deposits along the river passage.	cave photographer john spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland.
christian englander, 30, has thrown a banana peel at a black man for the second time in one week.	he was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during chapelle's show in new mexico.	englander was arrested on monday for hurling one at a second black man just two days later.
antiquities looted from ancient temples and buddhist sites in india have been found on display at the honolulu museum of art after a tourist spotted they were sourced from an art dealer facing charges in india.	the artifacts are believed to have been smuggled into the u.s. by former new york art dealer subhash kapoor.
arkansas gov.	asa hutchinson rejected a reworked religious freedom bill into law on thursday evening.	the arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's republican governor asa hutchinson, who rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son.	indiana governor mike pence said after signing his state's amended measure.
some of the 2,500 police officers who were involved in tracking down the boston marathon bombers showed a lack of' weapons discipline' during two firefights with the brothers.	they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns.	it is unclear whether he was shot by an officer's bullet.
five-month-old elijah is' the happiest baby ever', according to his mother jessica and dad andrew mccrae.	he loves everything that moves, especially seeing people and exploring new places.	but doctors say he probably wo n't live to see his second birthday.
xiangyu ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde - a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid - starting last september.	a former roommate of ouyang's says both her parents were also researchers.	ouyang admitted to poisoning two students' bottles as well as her own.
the gisèle freund photographs were taken by gisèle freund, a german-born french photographer, who had travelled to mexico in 1950.	she has become a feminist icon for her striking and unapologetic style, her monobrow and signature, colourful outfits inspired by traditional mexican costume.
finnish stunt performer antti pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain.	the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine.	instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death, pendikainen defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks of riksgränsen in sweden.
delta's new pet gps, available for $50 per flight, is available for $50 per flight from 10 us airports.	the service is available from 10 us airlines including los angeles and atlanta.
charles thomas newcomb, thomas jordan driver, david elliot moran, 47, and charles thomas newcomb, 42, were arrested thursday on one state count of conspiracy to commit murder, florida attorney general pam bondi's office said.	newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements, according to the department.	bondi's office said the three were also members of the traditionalist american knights of the ku klux klan.
tony blair has been dragged into a bitter row in mongolia.	the former premier made an unannounced visit to ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government, which is dogged by allegations of endemic corruption.	he met new mongolian prime minister chimed saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition that he is being deployed to encourage western investment to increase gold, copper and coal mining.	ecologists fear a mining boom in the region could destroy sacred treasures.
author said kate hasn’t lived up to the fashion icon reputation of princess diana.	miss atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers.
study by psychologists at the university of missouri has found that infants are able to comprehend what constitutes bullying, friendship and what it means to be a bystander.	in an experiment with puppets they responded to different scenarios in a way that suggested they were more engaged than had been expected.
charlene bishop was worried when she did n't meet her at the gate as normal.	her mother danielle flisher went to investigate and found the shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries.	the left side of the pony's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain.
more than 60 per cent of posts are unfilled, with 63 per cent vacancy rate in the north east of england.	in 2013, 64 per cent of posts are empty and across the south coast 41 per cent of places remain unfilled.
ashley doody was arrested on sunday after allegedly attacking the family dog with a kitchen knife.	they discovered that doody, who is a nurse, had attacked her mixed-breed dog, trixie.	she has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before aroostock county superior court on may 19.
marvin "papi" jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones' black and red shorts at the ring in arcadia, florida.	referee frankie santore jr. went over to pick up the samsung galaxy and looked like he was chastising jones, who seemed confused.
researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart.	the curly fibers of collagen make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
jean-marie le pen said he had' never regretted' making similar statements in the past.	tensions between french national front leader marine le pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she' deeply disagrees' with her' deliberately provocative' father.	mr le pen said' the truth' should' not shock anyone' and that historical reality should not be used to portray him as anti-jewish.
misty machinshok, 33, pleaded no contest to all charges for convincing her new husband to rape her 15-year-old daughter so she could have another child.	she planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of wilkes-barre, pennsylvania.	he also admitted to sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister but struck a plea deal which means he can not be charged for it.
two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the arabian sea.	one of the carriers involved, dubai-based emirates, referred to the apparent near-miss as an' air traffic control incident' in a statement on wednesday.	however a resolution advisory (ra) was given to both planes, which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds.	the incident occurred on monday as passenger planes from emirates and etihad airways were traveling in opposite directions.
the 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the florence cathedral.	she used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day's date on the cathedral's dome.	italian media said the make-up pencil did not leave any permanent marks.
the grade ii listed building was previously known as bridewell prison in liverpool.	it was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes.	bridewell prison was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes.
qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1 - but not everyone got the memo.	mother said she never got an email to inform her about the new rules and managed to get into the qantas lounge in sydney on the same day while wearing thongs.
voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics.	voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the' unfair' promise of free curry, nightclub entertainment and hotel stays.	one eagle-eyed viewer watching the live coverage of the rochester and strood by-election, won by ukip's tory defector mark reckless.
the 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into a missouri creek overnight wearing only his underwear – but his daring gambit did not pay off.	the 38-year-old suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg.	he may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash.
four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for april 28.	before then the apartments will be open to the public on april 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look.	teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos, including darren and dea.
alex stock, a former friend of supposed victim' jackie', spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus, and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out.	rolling stone's reporting was torn apart by professors from the columbia university graduate school of journalism.
alfred hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone, east london.	in addition to the gaudiness, the city was a place with dark staircases, gaslight, rain and spooky cobbled alleys: the ideal setting for murder.
rogue fishermen are believed to have scuttled this ship, thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts late on monday after the ship was scuttled.	the thunder had been fishing in the waters between sao tome and principe, off the west coast of africa.	charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa.
ho chi minh city, vietnam, has just been named one of the fastest growing in the world among the super-rich.	the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent, with an impressive 400 per cent rise coming from the vietnamese city formerly known as saigon.
anthony ray hinton was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in birmingham.	he hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, darlene gardner.	hinton had to wipe away a tear as he spoke outside the jail following his release from prison after 30 years.
adele berry, of reddish, greater manchester, spoke to the call handler.	but she was left shocked when the man got in touch with her, calling himself her' future hubby' and asking about his' in laws'.	ms berry was put through to a call centre in south africa when she phoned the company over the issue last month.
abdel-kader russell-boumzar was granted bail in brisbane's magistrate court.	the 17-year-old shot to notoriety when footage of him apparently spitting on 56-year-old josphat mkhwananzi while racially abusing him on a brisbane train went viral.	since then he's been accused of repeatedly breaching his bail by flashing his backside at a young boy, being drunk in public during schoolies' week on the gold coast, being a public nuisance and becoming involved in a brawl at a skate park.
kitten, who has since been named sinbad, was discovered by puzzled staff at mediterranean linens in moreton-on-lugg, hereford.	they heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen.	sinbad the cat survived a 3,000 mile and 17 day journey from egypt to hereford in a shipping container.
author of a play which sees impressionist alistair mcgowan portray jimmy savile has said the public is ready for it to be shown.	it will open in london in june, less than three years since the late comedian's depraved behaviour was exposed in a television documentary.
jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the' lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.	thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world.
jeremy clarkson will not face prosecution over the attack on a top gear producer which led to him being sacked from the hit bbc show.	police had opened an investigation into the incident, which took place at a hotel in hawes, north yorkshire last month.
kevin perz, 56, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in chesterfield, missouri.	over the past few years he has been mailing them a' gift'.	it started in 1992, when he sent a check to his former business teacher.
dr frederic brandt graduated from frank h morrell high in new jersey.	the famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his miami home.	it is two days since the famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his miami home.
rita ora, who is only 24, has already made the transition from a kosovan-born fledgling singer to one of the globe's most successful and popular stars.	the collection, which is also inspired by rita's passion for music, is full of long-lasting lip glosses and high shine polishes in the rainbow hued colours that rita loves.
the 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on march the 23rd and was rushed to coolah district hospital by emergency services where he was pronounced dead.	the death of a 20-month-old toddler is being treated as suspicious after he was admitted struggling to breathe.
robert mccombs told a court in grand rapids, michigan on wednesday that steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he was a child molester, musick strangled him to death.	day said he thought' one of the girls was starting to like it'.	day met up with musick and mccombs at a bar on december 18 to have drinks for mccombs' birthday.
richard curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum, the thin strip which separates the nostrils.	he was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading.	but in order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place, the 71-year-old then had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity during a procedure at the royal blackburn hospital.
benny and bjorn sang sweden’s fab four in their famous eurovision song contest winner.	the group seems to have been treated to a rapturous limousine procession through the town.	boney was taken by the british to the remote atlantic isle of st helena.
the sculpture was commissioned by uktv to mark celebrate its screening of the third series of sherlock.	it took a crew of eight people to complete the sculpture, which took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg.
more than 50,000 britons have signed up to a scheme offering discount starter homes to those desperate to get on the housing ladder.	the project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme.
nicholas figueroa, 23, and moises locon, 26, died when the manhattan apartment building collapsed last thursday following a massive blast.	investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion, with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings.	sources told the paper possible charges include second-degree manslaughter and reckless endangerment.
tanya heath paris has revolutionised women's footwear with her collection of shoes that feature an interchangeable heel.	every shoe features a button on the inside of the shoe, in the centre of the heel.	in terms of storing the shoes, the heel can easily be slid off and packed away.
wisconsin's frank kaminsky has brushed off the obsenity and racial slur that kentucky guard andrew harrison directed at him during a postgame news conference at the final four.	harrison muttered'f*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked about kaminsky after kentucky lost 71-64 to the badgers saturday.	harrison has since apologized for his comment.
lance corporal albert duffy had to take a month off work at his family firm.	he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug-crazed keith anderson.	but after returning home to the uk, he punched another man, injuring him and leaving him incapable of work for a month.	judge was told the soldier had high hopes of progressing through the ranks.
andrew getty, the 47-year-old grandson of john paul getty, put a payphone in the hall of his surrey mansion, failed disastrously in his quest to prevent his huge fortune spoiling his heirs.	the 47-year-old grandson of john paul getty, once the world’s richest man, was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune.
mindy kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an african american to get into medical school.	a representative for the comedienne told us weekly she has been estranged from vijay chokal-ingam' for years'.	claimed she' was not aware of his decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race'.
researchers say a fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna.	it could mean that arachnophobia, one of the most crippling phobias, represents a finely tuned survival instinct.	it could date back to early human evolution in africa.
kyhesha-lee joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet before dying in severe bowel damage- ultimately leading to her death.	kyhesha-lee suffered blows to her stomach causing severe bowel damage- after being struck days before her death.	kyhesha-lee was in the care of her father matthew lee williamson and christopher arthur neville kent who have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty.
documents released by the american whistleblower allege britain was actively spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011.	documents include allegations britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the argentine government.	britain has already pledged £180million over the next 10 years to beef up its defences of the falklands.
teresa james, 40, believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile.	she had spent four hours earlier that afternoon bleaching her teeth and, as she was concerned, the considerable discomfort was worth it.	but teresa’s agony was tempered with pride, because she knew that if so much as a sip of water came into contact with them she would wince.
soaring immigration means most parts of the country could have fewer available primary school places than pupils in just two years.	pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom and continued migration, forcing schools to boost class sizes and classrooms.
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love.	the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom, wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson, new zealand.
pregnant woman was left in the water clinging to the hull of kent yesterday.	her partner had ensured she was safe, then tied a rope around himself, before diving under the vessel to locate the flare.	alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from dungeness point, kent.
ashton canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company.	it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings.	three-year-old jason kernick looks out of the window of his family's canal boat as they try to navigate their way through the foam.
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank off russia's kamchatka peninsula.	the ship was carrying 78 russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from myanmar, ukraine, lithuania and vanuatu.	no official cause for the sinking has been given but the interfax news agency said drifting ice in the chilly pacific waters may have played a role.	water flooded the engine compartment and the trawler sank within 15 minutes, the bbc said.
ed miliband was also accused of hypocrisy after he claimed that the coalition had made it harder to get a gp appointment.	mr miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer gp surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election – which he said was directly contributing to the a & e crisis.
andrew mogni, 20, from glen ellyn, illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january.	he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on sunday.	initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed.
chelsea ellen bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months.	she was last seen dressed as batman villain poison ivy at a halloween party on october 25 in frenchtown township.	he declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea's costume were found.	miss bruck, 22, from maybee has not been seen for six months.
jodie barden, 28, has been forced to plan her daughters ella, eight (left) and chloe, who both suffer from cockayne syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12.	mrs barden shaved her head in order to raise money for a cockayne syndrome charity.	she is pictured here with daughter ella, who ages prematurely due to the syndrome.
the principal of a school in canberra has been suspended after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by his teachers at a canberra school.	the cage was specifically designed for him to as a' withdrawal space' while in class.	the principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school.
there are only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss.	jamaica, colombia and saint lucia, have the highest percentage of female managers in the world.
china national tourism administration said on monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china.	they are hoping the strict measures will encourage chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad.
denise and glen higgs, from braunton, devon, lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment.	but using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy, born three years ago.	glen, 35, had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20.
hayley adams, 29, of barnstaple, devon, was seen sneaking into william tanner’s bedroom and taking cash from his coat, after a cctv device was put in by his daughter angela wrenn.	ms wrenn, 56, had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing, but was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative - and the mother to mr tanner’s great-grandchildren.	adams admitted to taking about £65, north devon magistrates' court was told that the victim's relatives suspected the amount stolen in one year was closer to thousands of pounds.
hillary clinton lost the 2008 democratic presidential nomination because barack obama was the picture of cool.	the former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn, new york.	the federal election commission's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that's considered campaign activity.
europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed that the more likely its residents were to want a job.	but a study has found that the opposite may be true.	a europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick, and invested in employment schemes.
student expelled from george mason university for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name, arguing that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing, not sexual assault.	the ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy.
the archbishop of canterbury justin welby delivers his sermon during the easter day service at canterbury cathedral, kent.	the most rev justin welby said the nearly 150 victims of the university massacre in kenya were' witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word'.	pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter's square in the vatican.
michelle pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by katie couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program.	pfeiffer's role will be that of a morning news anchor, making it very similar to the real life role couric played as co-host of today for 15 years.	couric will serve as an executive producer, drawing on her experience as an anchor on today for 15 years.
bbc say the masthead change is to' simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show'.	bbc say the website change is to reflect the fact that none of the presenters are currently in contract.
nicholas figueroa's mother, ana, was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son, who was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city's east village when he was killed.	she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church of the holy name of jesus in manhattan.	mr figueroa's father, nixon, told mourners:' i'm here but i'm broken.	it's heartbreaking for everybody.	i'm going to put my son to rest now,' mr figueroa, a former model and bowling lane employee.
rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by oregon zoo officials.	his leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990.	rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales.
sexting is' not advised for politicians', says deputy prime minister nick clegg.	their responses are hardly surprisingly considering the downfalls of fellow politicians when salacious messages are revealed in the press.	ms bennett ticked' not being able to make the changes you want to'.
john howard, 66, bled the overseas press and media association dry over two years.	the father-of-three had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago.	he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed' i'm sorry' to a former colleague as he left the dock at canterbury crown court.	howard rang a fellow member from a pay phone admitting the fraud and offering to repay £20,000.
i was at the sculpturecenter in the new york borough of queens, a spot dedicated to all things modern and avant garde.	taking pride of place was a cluster of bottles, each of which contained dog fluff and a photo of the mutt it came from.
tiffany jackson was arrested for driving while her licence was suspended.	eighth grade teacher tiffany jackson was arrested by police for driving while she teaches were suspended after sharing this mugshot online.	school officials justified suspended students by saying they had demonstrated an' inappropriate use of electronic media'.
researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported, often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould, which can affect our brains.	exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment.
kristi gordon, of british columbia's news channel global bc, was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment news hour plus.	' nowhere on north america tv have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic),' kristi read from one of the messages.	kristi, who is due to give birth in three months, explained that she received the harsh message the day before she taped the march 26 segment.
labour will launch a billboard advert using an image from the famous 1979.	the image features the same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under jim callaghan’s ailing government, but this time places them outside a waiting room.	shadow health secretary andy burnham will say the figures are a timely reminder of the ‘ nhs crisis’ as patients turn to stretched a & e departments.
three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver who was thrown from the vehicle.	the driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on wednesday, but miraculously suffered only minor injuries.	details were not immediately available on their condition.
aaron hernandez's defense team presented their entire case in just one day.	hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on monday before resting at 3pm.	defending end had a $40 million contract with the patriots.	lloyd was dating the sister of hernandez's fiancee.
sydney psychologist darryl dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language.	the woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her' a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a' f -- -ing bitch' with' lots of kids, multiple fathers'.
edmund echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a james bond-themed sex party.	fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead.	it is believed mr echukwu is a nigerian from north london who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house.
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.	footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow.
tiffany sical, 21, and her boyfriend, bryan rodriguez-solis, 23, were driving along route 6 in providence, rhode island, on sunday after watching the box office hit on its opening weekend.	but they were killed when a drunk driver allegedly sped the wrong up a highway and crashed into their car.	norman, of massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence.
dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white after they started arguing over his' infidelity' in the bedroom of their st paul apartment at around 3.40am.	when medics arrived at the scene, they pronounced the young mother dead.	harrell, who later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter's mattress, has been charged with one count of second-degree murder.
a tow truck driver works to clear the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup on u.s. highway 36.	no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between boulder and denver.	but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars.
official website of the sydney royal easter show lists the retail value of show bag contents.	reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright.
ferme de montagne did not take place at this boutique hotel’s enviable ski-in, ski-out location in the french resort of les gets – it happened at the dorchester in london.	ferme de montagne proprietors suzanne dixon-hudson and her architect husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, ‘ on business’.	suzanne, whose cv glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering, added: ‘ it exposes them to a five-star environment where exacting standards of service'.
victoria's secret caused a backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan' the perfect body' splashed across an image of skinny models.	the d+ label says its image is' empowering', especially with the widespread call for real models alongside campaigns like # droptheplus.	it coincides with the shortlist of their annual global star in a bra contest, where a' real woman' wins the job of being its lingerie model.
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $10 prize up for grabs.	footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off' to be sick'.
malachi irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby.	she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time.	clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the los angeles county sheriff's department.
the illume arclighter creates a ‘ super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes and a rechargeable lithium-ion battery so users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again.	instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters, the illume arclighter creates a ‘ super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes.	its inventors say it lights in any direction and is rechargeable, among other qualities shown above.
cardiff-based proton partners international ltd is to open offering proton beam therapy.	five-year-old suffered from brain cancer but has recently been given the all-clear.	announcement comes weeks after parents of brain cancer sufferer ashya told of how he was given the'all-clear' after receiving proton bean therapy.
germanwings flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart.	the flight, which had 123 passengers and five crew members on board, took off from cologne at 9.55am local time.	germanwings, a budget unit of german airline lufthansa, has been in the spotlight after one of its planes crashed into a mountain in the french alps.
pete bennett appeared on jeremy kyle today to reveal that he is now homeless.	the 33 year old from brighton's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show nine years ago.	despite being given £100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography, pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends.
landon carnie and his twin sister lorie were initially thought to have died with scores of other youngsters.	the 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash and later taken to their adoptive parents.	now 41, landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of ho chi minh city.
phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a burmese court last month after posting the mocked-up image of the buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook.	the tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the vgastro bar in rangoon provoked outrage among devout buddhists.	human rights campaigners claim he has been' abandoned' by the foreign office.
president barack obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with iran.	us secretary of state john kerry and staff watch a tablet in lausanne.	many of obama's republican opponents in congress have been skeptical of a deal with iran.
david cameron ate his hotdog with cutlery as he enjoyed lunch with lilli docherty and her daughter dakota in the sunshine during a visit to poole in dorset.	the bizarre dining etiquette during a campaign visit to dorset was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of ed miliband's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich.
steven mathieson stabbed prostitute luciana maurer, 23, dozens of times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his home falkirk, stirlingshire last december.	as she lay dead on the floor, the father-of-two called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them before they managed to flee while still naked.	mathieson, who has previously been described as' impeccable character', pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the high court in glasgow.
raymond howell jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in mckinney, texas - around four miles from where he attended school at mckinney boyd high.	friends reported that he had died from a bullet wound.	after his body was found, friends said that he never would have taken his life.
nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with hiv in thursday's general election debate.	when nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with hiv it was guaranteed to provoke controversy.
trevor duffy, 19, of the bronx, died in november.	his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home.	the two students want to return to the college reports the times union of albany.
the attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the revolutionary people's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.	the woman was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol, it said.	local media said a man had also been detained.
jessica chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at the osborne.	chastain and her boyfriend, gian luca passi de preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.
greg gibbins and his friends were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on sunday night before they headed to a nearby, late-night pizza shop.	mr gibbins and his 25-year-old friend with serious stab wounds at about 12.10am from an alleged random attack.	mr gibbins, who works as a car spray painter, has prompted an outpouring grief from family, friends, colleagues and rugby team mates.
fans of 1993 film the fugitive will recognize them as those used by harrison ford's character dr richard kimble when he escaped from a prison moments before it collided with the onrushing train.	the vehicles were used to film a scene in which harrison ford's character leaps from a prison transport moments before it is struck by the onrushing train.	the fugitive was the must-see film of 1993, winning plaudits from critics and the audience alike.
leila alavi was on a desperate mission to find a women's refuge to escape her estranged husband mokthar hosseiniamraei.	her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her holden astra with initial examination suggesting ms alavi had suffered a knife wound to the throat.	ms alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park at auburn shopping village in sydney's west.
duke university officials said thursday afternoon, school spokesman michael schoenfeld said the school would not release the name of the student who admitted to hanging the noose, found early wednesday in a plaza area at the heart of the campus.	the noose is a particularly sensitive image in the state, where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings.	officials say the noose was found about 2am wednesday in the plaza outside the bryan center, the student commons building.
officers in paramus, bergen county, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community.	the goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm.	police are still working to find the owner of the goat and are asking the public for help.
susan house amazingly survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse because she was out walking her dogs at the time.	this was susan house’s beloved home after a huge explosion ripped off two of the walls and left the rest of the property on the brink of collapse.	fire crews called after a tremendous blast was heard blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof.
kinessa johnson from yelm, washington state, works for veterans empowered to protect african wildlife (vepaw), training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers.	organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11.	she joined the group last november after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
twitter's new iphone app allows users to broadcast live video and audio online.	there are already a concerning number of users, particularly women, reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology.	justin esgar, app developer of the app goodnight, noted that the app is already crawling with men who are using the anonymity afforded to them by the app's settings in order to sexually harass women.
the plot above is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000.	they show orange has always been the most popular colour.	the software extract the relevant colour information from them, and plots it in a nice way.
police are searching for the cell phone of a missing young woman 40 miles from where she was last seen on march 2.	divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the longwood university freshman's phone.	local resident steve hines said that police showed him a picture and asked him if he had seen a white van for quality plumbing.	he was arrested on march 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after' highly promising results' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses.	the vaccine, developed in canada, is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (vsv) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the ebola virus.
the queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of victory in europe (ve) day, when second world war allied forces finally defeated hitler's nazi troops on the continent.	a chain of beacons will be lit across the country, spitfire and lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in london from may 8 to 10.
vanilla ice avoided prosecution in florida on thursday.	he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor in lantana, florida.	he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor.
david hyche, now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol, developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind.	a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound.	now hyche has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for deaf and blind in birmingham.
lib dem leader says the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not' going to work'.	he said it would be a' messy' way to run the country, and risked instability with the future of the government put in peril with every late night vote.
colin barnett made the comments which drew sighs of disbelief from the audience at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in western australia yesterday.	search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year.
hundreds of fishermen race to be rescued from an isolated island.	more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip.	they were finally being rescued by the indonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.	burmese fishermen raise their hands as they are asked who among them want to go home.
ed balls left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds.	he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q & a after he revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths.	he told host susanna reid:' i was pleased you did n't ask me any maths questions this morning'.
colin turnbull was found in a' compromised position' with rozina khanim by a governor at the £13,000-a-year independent priory school in edgbaston, birmingham.	the fee-paying school's facilities manager kevin bird walked in on the pair while they were engaged in a sex act during an entrance exam day.	mr turnbull, 69, was found in a' compromised position' with ms khanim by a governor at the school.
shigella infections, otherwise known as' delhi belly' or' montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic, india or other countries.	the symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults.
the prickly australian mammal was spotted paddling out to sea off rye beach, a popular surfing and fishing spot on victoria's mornington peninsula.	the video of the swimming echidna, which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel, was posted online by youtube user emma b.
asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks, potentially allowing murderers and rapists to get behind the wheel.	rules laid down by transport for london mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver.
13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000.	the letters had beamed from atop yankee stadium near grand concourse in 1976, the year before jackson joined the team.	the 68-year-old yankee said he wanted' a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the yankees and new york city'.
part-time actor was going through customs to board his easyjet flight.	he had six £1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding and north east of england.	pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the north east of sussex.
samantha cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election with a provocative visit to a ukip stronghold.	the prime minister's wife swooped into rochester and strood, the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer.	david cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick mr reckless's' fat arse' out of the commons, and clearly hopes his wife can woo voters in the crucial kent battleground.
zayn malik announced he was leaving one direction last week it was amid rumours that he was set to launch a solo career.	speculation has not abated since a producer known as naughty boy - real name shahid khan - posted a clip of a track entitled,' naughty boy saved zaughty' - an amalgamation of zayn and naughty boy's names.
annabel cole has dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery.	she decided to put' the boob-job bra' through its paces.	it has gained a following among women like me who would never have surgery.
environmentalist group sea shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship.	35 crew members, who abandoned the sinking ship, were safely rescued off the coast of africa after being held in life rafts.	environmentalist group sea shepherd ship' bob barker' has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship.
couple robert ingersoll and curt freed were longtime customers at stutzman's shop, and while she was fine providing them flowers before, she cited her religious beliefs when declining to service their wedding.	stutzman, owner of arlene's flowers and gifts in richland, washington, received the fine in benton county superior court in march.
becky watts was living with her father darren galsworthy, and her step-mother, anjie, before she went missing from her bristol home on february 19.	an inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings, involving her step-brother, take place.	nathan matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister, while his girlfriend shauna hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice.	jaydene parsons, 23, james ireland, 23, and karl and donovan demetrius, both 29, are accused of assisting an offender.
religion's share of the world’s population will equal the christian share.	the number of muslims will increase at more than double the world's population.	several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050.
the married mother-of-two ran debenhams, jaeger and aquascutum before she won the make-or-break style director role at m & s in september 2012.	today it appears that her hard work has paid off, with general merchandise sales, which is mainly women's clothes, up 0.7 per cent - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses.
yahya rashid, 19, of willesden, north west london, is due to appear at westminster magistrates' court today.	officers from the mps counter terrorism command arrested rashid at luton airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of terrorism under section five of the terrorism act 2006.	he was arrested as he entered the uk having landed on a flight from istanbul.
researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role.	it's long been known that earthquakes contribute to making the earth ring like a bell, but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role.
ralph vaughan williams's work topped the classic fm hall of fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes.	it topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation's favourite desert island discs tune.	british composer vaughan williams was inspired by a poem of the same name by george meredith.	he completed the more familiar orchestral version in 1920.
benito gonzalez, 46, was arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself while seated at a table in a cherry hill starbucks, police say.	the father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay, the philadelphia inquirer reports.	county officials are working to fire the lieutenant's, the post reports, which he says he does not remember.
bryan santana, 20, of orlando, florida, was found guilty of the cold-blooded murder of his roommate, shelby fazio, 23, on thursday.	santana first choked fazio in a headlock before wrapping a belt around her neck and stabbing her with a hunting knife.	he then killed and mutilated her dog, and wrote messages in blood on the wall, including:"i'm not sorry for what i did.
simon mitchell, 44, stole from donna's dream house, a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool, lancashire.	charity also say mitchell repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces when meetings with his supposed star-studded contacts failed to materialise.	mitchell had been given the laptop and a phone to use by the dream house when he volunteered for them but did not return them after he left the charity.
shaquille omar hallisey's attack in cardiff was described by a judge as' a savage demonstration of violence in a public place'.	the 20-year-old's victim matthew leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place.	witnesses described seeing three males behind mr leeke in queen street.
becky schoenig of st. louis, missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night, just a little over a month after she took the car home.	schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig's and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes.
janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade, east sussex, at 10.30pm on march 12.	the images were released shortly after the youngster's family spoke about her' bubbly' personality in a heartfelt tribute.	police have now released video stills and footage of the 21-year-old university of brighton student in portslade on the night before her death.
steven howie, 28, of dunfermline, left his girlfriend karen murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour.	howie, a joiner, punched, smashed furnishings, and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges.	because the inn was so isolated miss murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999.	miss murray said that' alcohol was consumed' and at one point there was an argument about howie speaking to another female.
pope francis urged the international community not to' look the other way' and act over the killings of christians around the globe.	the pope, aged 78, has been increasingly vocal about the fate of christians being targeted by islamic extremists in parts of the middle east, africa and asia.	he was also building on his good friday denunciation of what he then called' complicit silence' about the targeting of christians.
the successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences.	it says:' joining this unique environment, you will be part of a team responsible for delivering daily catering for up to 500 staff, as well as canapé receptions for hundreds of guests, state banquets and the preparation of small private lunches.
kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk.	the 58-year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police:' i played him.	you told lies, some of them beyond wicked, and always you knew he would pay up.	society demands that you should be punished'.
jack rivera, a new york trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday.	she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere.	as the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course.
hayleigh mcbay, 17, pretended to dump david clarke via whatsapp at midnight for a joke.	but the girl from elgin in moray, scotland, was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up.	college student hayleigh texted her partner on the social media app with the words:' i do n't want to be with me?'
the ultra-sporty honda civic concept car is presented at the new york international auto show.	it came just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation civic type r in the u.s. market.
ashley and mary-kate olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world.	their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins.	some primitive african societies abhorred twins because of the way.
data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics.	they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls.	various firms offered to sell personal information to the mail’s undercover team using data from lifestyle surveys.
graffiti artists are hoping to raise a smile with stressed-out beijing residents.	xiao wang told the online that he and his fellow graffiti artists worked through the night to complete project ‘ beijing warmth’.
helaman barlow was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city, arizona, and hildale, utah, says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind.	his account comes amid reports that jeffs continues to direct the fundamentalist church of latter-day saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls.
theodosia aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in london five years ago.	frail pensioner thought she had found her dream home.	after a blocked pipe unleashed a' tsunami of sewage' from the building's 239 other flats, her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined.
olly taylor, 27, is offering his version the easter feast, which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar, at his black milk cafe in manchester's northern quarter.	the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester's northern quarter.
flight ei 660 had left dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at 9.20am, with 120 passengers on board.	it was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause.	aer lingus spokesperson told the irish independent:' as part of normal precautionary procedure, emergency services were on standby.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on wednesday evening.	the first hour-long tour through the nga's current exhibition,' james turrell: a retrospective', took place on wednesday night, in a no-frills approach to art led by melbourne-based artist stuart ringholt.
sale is a record amount for the bathing boxes in brighton since they were first constructed in 1862.	it came after five bidders battled it out at auction for the 2.4m x 2.0m x 2.0m size box.	the winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history, on saturday.
high court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails.	policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber michael wheatley - nicknamed the skull cracker – walked out of an open jail in may while on day release and failing to return.
michael bloomberg wants to be mayor again - but in london rather than new york city.	he is reportedly considering standing for johnson's job in 2016.	his ex-wife is a british citizen, as are his two daughters.
a diner takes on the challenge at the wicked waffle cafe in north end, portsmouth.	the sickly sweet dessert contains an astonishing 5,000 calories.	it is on sale at the wicked waffle in north end, portsmouth, for £25.
delphi automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the us, travelling from san francisco to new york in the first coast-to-coast trip ever attempted by an automated vehicle.	nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 90 percent of the drive in fully automated mode.	the team collected nearly three terabytes of data—about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the library of congress.
jason cotterill, 42, sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse.	court heard he emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her facebook page.	cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes, birmingham magistrates' court heard.
kathleen blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave., has been reunited with her two cats, kitty cordelia and sebastian.	the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the traumatized animals under blomberg's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out.	blomberg was asleep in her apartment when the explosion happened.	after 21 years in the same apartment blomberg is currently looking for new accommodation for her and the cats.
freeman the cat died in the neighbour's front garden in tarring, west sussex.	the two dogs pounced, dragging the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn.	police are now investigating after a person, who appears to be a woman, pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds - leaving the cat to die in agony.
jurors in decatur county, georgia ruled on thursday that the suv manufacturer, chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life in selling the family of remington' remi' walden a 1999 jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle.	walden' remi' walden, four, was killed when the jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in march 2012.	the verdict came nearly two years after chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model jeeps with the rear-mounted tanks.
cheryl howe, 32, from morecambe, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome.	she suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs.	she has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs, spending £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day.
edward nudel, 41, of staten island, broke into his relative's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola' in an especially depraved and sadistic manner,' silive reports.	nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said' i killed lola.	nudel is facing a slew of charges including felony counts of overdriving, assault, obstruction, torturing and injuring animals, resisting arrests, and lesser counts of harassment.
dr joe hanson, a science writer and biologist based in austin, texas, has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements.	he revealed that a' human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million atoms of oxygen and 85 million atoms of carbon.
theresa may said police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category.	the new requirement will create the first accurate picture of the extent of islamophobic hate crimes in britain.	charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-muslim hate crimes since 9/11.
melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to attempt to disperse the protesters.	it was originally thought reclaim australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed throughout the protests.	it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia.
catherine nevin was jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead.	the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course.	she joked with a pal for more than an hour at the nearby applegreen centre to the oblates in the city's inchicore suburb.
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights.	this is the latest cost-saving travel trend, with each night costing an average of $30.	australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights.
the britain-wide tv audience was clearly impressed - an instant poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer.	for most people outside scotland, this will have been their first minister.	until now, she had been in the substantial shadow of her noisy and bullish predecessor, alex salmond.
kenneth lombardi, who goes by ken, was a red carpet regular for cbs new york, interviewing stars from oprah to ashton kutcher and arnold schwarzenegger.	however lombardi, who is openly bisexual, says he was forced to quit his job as a result, and is seeking damages for violation of labor laws, emotional distress and discrimination.
melbourne singer daniel buccheri left guests at his brother's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man's speech.	the unique speech performed by daniel at poet's lane in sherbrooke, east of melbourne, has been viewed over 100,000 times online.	daniel, 25, started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard, singing of his love for his brother to the tune of stay with me.
the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond, a transgender woman.	the lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for diamond's gender dysphoria, a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity.	department of corrections spokeswoman gwendolyn hogan wrote in an email that the agency does n't comment on pending litigation.
olsi beheluli, who claims he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess, was a member of a gang responsible for selling' significant quantities' of class a drugs.	the 24-year-old enjoyed living the' high life' and gambling with the money he made from the illegal operation, police said.
ed miliband's looks proved a hit with twitter users during last night's debate.	moments after the labour leader finished speaking, fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his' sexy grey tie' and his smouldering looks.
one of australia's most loved cooks, lyndey milan, has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each.	the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an easter feast.
carla zampatti's ss15-16 collection made a splash at sydney's opera house today to celebrate the designer's 50 years in fashion.	the designer's collection featured indian pinks, buttercup yellows and electric blues against her trademark monochrome.
wade robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, claims jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child.	robson and safechuck missed a statutory deadline when they filed their claims, new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against jackson.	safechuck alleges the singer gave him a marriage certificate and a wedding band as keepsakes and confirmation of their' undying love'.
legendary make-up effects artist rick baker will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles, california, and on propstore.com this may 29.	the grinch costume from the jim carrey film how the grinch stole christmas is listed at $8,000.
barcelona ace neymar scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain at the nou camp.	the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening.	rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash at the nou camp.
teachers are set to call for' play in the curriculum' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way.	many children are not ready to sit down and do reading, writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five.	teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills.
jayden wingler of phoenix, arizona, was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident.	the youngster recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.	jayden's father, skeeter, was unable to get a word in edgewise, as the youngster continued with his story.
tyler kost, who appeared in court on monday, was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old.	most of whom were former classmates at poston butte high school say there is a' treasure trove' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse.	kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation.
jamal al-labani was in yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's 2 1/2-year-old daughter.	al-labani told kpix al-labani was trying to get his family out of the war-torn middle eastern nation and take them to oakland - but he could n't because the us has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports.	they have advanced to the city center despite 11 days of air strikes by a coalition of mainly gulf air forces.
savannah guthrie and carson daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie grease, before taking to the stage for a live lip sync battle against their co-hosts on thursday morning’s show.
the fire was set in the early morning hours that left seven alligators and a crocodile' boiled to death' at the garold wayne interactive zoological park in oklahoma.	authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the march 26 fire that destroyed two reptiles enclosures and one alligator reportedly escaped.	authorities say an arson investigator has not officially declared the incident a case of arson.
kfc ultimate burger showed the inner workings of the fast food giant.	viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on twitter after last night's episode of the billion dollar chicken shop on bbc one.	kfc has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year, and a billion of that comes from the uk alone.	it's been designed by a bladdy food stylist!
david cameron will say today that high taxes and wasteful government spending are ‘immoral’ as millions receive a tax cut.	prime minister will set out the conservative case for people keeping more of their own money.	he will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ and ‘ crackpot government schemes’.
faris al-khori, 62, was found with a hoard of explosive ingredients and recipes for bombs in his flats.	the equipment was found purely by chance in april last year after a fire at a block of flats in the muirhouse area of edinburgh.	firefighters, who were responding to a 999 call over a fire within a rubbish chute on the 11th floor.
argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the falklands coast.	officials claim companies active there are acting' illegally' in argentine territory.	comes just days after defence secretary michael fallon warned of a' very live threat' from argentina.
retailer lord & taylor dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range.	move proved an instant success as the $88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range.
iain watters is back to revive easter classic, the simnel cake.	he binned his baked alaska after the ice cream was left out of the freezer and it melted.	now he's back with his modern take on traditional fruity easter fare.
ile louët is set 1148 ft from the shore in brittany, france.	the impressive ile is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany.	guests will lodge in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers.
latoya tilson, 33, took out a.25-caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in college park, georgia, on saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone, police said.	but while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks, another hit tilson's 15-year-old son pierre, in the head.	when first responders arrived at the scene, the teenager was lying unconscious on the floor.	he was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head.	despite medics' best efforts, he died on monday.
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot.	the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating.	tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons, six-year-old santiago and nine-year-old javier.
rutgers university has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in new brunswick, new jersey.	last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in which a member of sigma phi epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house.	rutgers takes seriously its commitment to maintaining a healthy and safe campus environment,' the university said in a statement.
david beckham was voted number one choice for dad.	david, the former england captain, has all the qualities of the perfect mother figure.	unfortunately for katie hopkins, she came bottom of the list.
poland is erecting watchtowers along the border to the russian exclave of kaliningrad.	the towers, costing the polish government £2.5million, will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using cctv.	russian president vladimir putin has also been accused of singling out poland as an enemy in the ongoing conflict in ukraine.
strange formation photographed by amateur astronomer gordon ewen.	the phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects how active the sun is.	they occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce.
vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site.	but the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection.
kim ki-jong, 55, was also indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction.	he required 80 stitches to close up the wounds on his hand, arm and face that he sustained from the anti-us activist.	south korean law requires the trial to start as early as next week.
vatican medics told francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk, like his predecessor pope benedict xvi did.	the pope’s weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition which causes back pain.
hugh roche kelly, who was flying from berlin to paris yesterday morning, posted the account on his twitter profile how impressed he was with the pilot's pre-flight speech.	data from the second black box recorder on germanwings flight 4u9525 confirmed co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain into the french alps, killing 150 people.	a passenger on one of the company's flights from berlin to paris has praised the pilot for calming nerves.
pep guardiola feels the need to justify his continued presence in bavaria.	he has some useful numbers to roll out.	that is the number of goals guardiola's bayern team have scored so far this season.
louis jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast.	he said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean, and by catching rainwater in a bucket.	but doubters have questioned how jordan – with pale, unblemished skin – seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal.
the four million square foot motiongate dubai is set to open in october 2016.	fans could have the chance to experience katniss' life as soon as next year.	hopefully the dubai theme park will have safety measures in place for guests.
molly wood, 74, died after being run over by her sister's car in tesco car park.	pensioner's sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket.	her sister was also hurt in the accident but escaped with minor injuries.	west yorkshire coroner david hinchliff said today:' both ladies got out and mrs wood was standing in front of the vehicle while her sister went for a ticket.
andy jordan is hoping to follow in his fellow co-stars' footsteps and make a name as a fashion designer.	following the lead of ollie proudlock and all of the show's ladies, andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear with his younger brother.	andy, an avid surfer, shot a campaign on west wittering beach, the closest surf school to london.
andy murray was spotted at the nou camp during barcelona's champions league quarter-final.	he watched lionel messi and co defeat psg 2-0 with ross hutchins.	murray is currently in barcelona as he trains on clay courts with jonas bjorkman.
gary kroeger announced tuesday that he is running for congress in iowa.	he says he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa's 1st district.	kroeger appeared on saturday night live from 1982 through 1985.	he now works for an advertising agency and lives in waterloo.
twenty-two-year-old rachel jaajaa and 29-year-old aaron tate's daughter was found on friday night at a mcdonald's in elyria, ohio.	police say jaajaa was leaving mcdonald's after her shift ended on friday around 8pm and found tate in the parking lot with the infant.	another employee told police jaajaa refused to take the baby because it was the father’s' turn to have the baby'.
panasonic has developed a lighter, smaller and more powerful alternative that can blow out seven times more air than it sucks in.	uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device, a'high-pressure jet airflow' creates straight, direct blasts of air.	alternatively, the q has a'1/f fluctuation' function that reduces the force of the air flow.
department of public safety trooper billy spears posed for the photograph with snoop at south by southwest in austin.	snoop requested the photo at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech.	spears' bosses called snoop a figure who has a' criminal background including numerous drug charges'.
jamie silvonek was charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.	cheryl silvonek, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway early march 15, hours after taking jamie silvonek and the eighth-grader's boyfriend, army spc.	barnes, who was on leave from fort meade in maryland at the time of the slaying.	he confessed to stabbing cheryl silvonek in the neck multiple times while they were in silvonek's car, and jamie silvonek admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body.
president abedrabbo mansour hadi's palace on the same day al-qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak.	security officials said member of al-qaeda stormed a hadramawt provincial prison in southeast yemen and freed more than 300 inmates, including one of their leaders khalid batarfi.	batarfi is among al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula's top regional commanders, known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops.
chelsea captain john terry is the best defender to have ever graced the premier league.	jamie carragher believes the chelsea captain is the best defender to have played in the premier league.	carragher insists terry deserves much of the credit, saying on sky sports:'there’s no doubt that, and terry is the best.
stuart's ex claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust.	claimed his sexually transmitted disease was the result of car exhaust rather than cheating, according to his ex.	stuart was sitting backstage with his new' wife' linda and burst onto the stage to deny he had the std.
neil bantleman, who also holds british nationality, was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police after the verdict was handed down.	the sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school, who insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in indonesia.
jayla currie from berne, indiana, posed with her son jayden as he enjoyed birthday cake at his first birthday party, which was held at the indiana women’s prison.	in 23-year-old jayla’s case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges.
jasmine midgley nearly died after a birthmark began blocking her airways.	her parents tanja and steven, of stockton-on-tees, had been repeatedly told their daughter had bronchiolitis.	she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat.
george osborne said he wanted to see half a million first time buyers get on the housing ladder every year.	half a million first time buyers will be helped onto the housing ladder every year by 2020.	george osborne pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes.
amanda knox has said she will work for others who claim to have suffered miscarriages of justice.	the american, known as foxy knoxy, and former boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student.
two adjoining' his and hers' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for £13 million.	the beachfront properties called la plage and la baie are the latest in the so-called millionaires' row in poole, dorset, to go on the market.	developers eked out every square on the area by building two homes - a move which has trebled the value of the plot.
oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.	her comments come after another holocaust survivor angered her fellow plaintiffs by forgiving groening - known as the' bookkeeper of death'.	groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder and faces up to 15 years if convicted.
former barcelona and brazil forward ronaldinho marked a cameo in queretaro's 4-0 win over club america.	the 2002 world cup winner came on as the game approached full-time but still struck in the 85th and 90th minutes following earlier goals from yasser corona, who struck midway through the first half.
cara newton, 32, from fleet, hampshire, had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009.	mrs newton was diagnosed with ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in april 2009.
james weld stumped up £15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off with natural england over who was responsible for the coastal path down to the beach at durdle door on dorset's jurassic coast.	the previous steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012.	james weld has stumped up £15,000 to end a three-year stand-off with natural england over access to durdle door beach.
david cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass their tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.	around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the english and maths tests before they leave primary school.
tripadvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items.	guests could buy 16 bottles of vodka in kiev, ukraine, for the same price as a club sandwich in zurich.	eastern europe boasts six of the world's 10 best value destinations.
former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite.	tribunal ruled he had been employed to teach its courses.	employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts, which it says amount to ‘exploitation’.
john mccallum, 27, was this week sentenced for a charge of second-degree murder.	he broadsided francesca weatherhead, 25, collided with her vehicle while fleeing police.	the crash at an intersection in redford, detroit, flipped mrs weatherhead's vehicle and killed her on october 6 last year.	he had first been eligible for parole in september 2013 but was held longer because authorities thought he needed to complete a violence prevention program.
sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night.	but in the lead up to the rare event on easter saturday, the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night.
nicola sturgeon is a smiling assassin, making her a tricky opponent for cameron to stand next to.	cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder.	he made no mistakes but there were no surprises either.
lacey spears of scottsville, kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder.	she chronicled her son garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called' garnett's journey' and other social media, was convicted by a jury in white plains, new york, last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death.	spears' lawyer stephen riebling said she was innocent, blamed the hospital for negligence, and said he plans to appeal the verdict.
ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early february.	her car had gotten stuck between the railroad crossings and instead of reversing she drove on to the tracks.	ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early february.
hannah campbell, 30, was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture, leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care.	as she struggled to recover, her relationship broke down with long-term partner anthony mcmorrow, who proposed to her on valentine’s day last year.	miss campbell suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit the building in basra she was guarding while serving with 19 tank transporter squadron in 2007 as a young mum with a then three-year-old daughter, milly, from a previous relationship.
aidan turner has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect, been' manscaping' his once-hairy chest in favour of a less hirsute look? definitely no' scything' here... aidan's chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot for bbc comedy drama being human, which aired earlier this year.
nicola sturgeon was hailed as the shock winner of the tv debate by one poll.	comres put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister.	he also emerged with a clear lead on who is seen ‘ most capable of leading the country’.
john timmons, 29, and amanda murphy, 24, were killed instantly in the crash on december 7, 2013.	prosecutors previously said that robert dellinger, 54, told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming suv.	amanda murphy, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old jason timmons.
more than 60 per cent of americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes.	general mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished diy projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments - which awful color schemes, shabby furniture and poor location.
josh mason, who is standing in lib dem-held redcar, said his own party leader nick clegg was' not the most popular'.	he said that a visit from the party leader to the seat, which is currently held by the lib dems, would not' do us any favours'.	mr clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the heyday of the 2010 election campaign.
the 28 minute movie in which a woman, dressed as a school girl, has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage was filmed on board the epping ongar historic railway in south-west essex.	locals in the area were shocked to learn the location, a favourite with families and children, had been rented out by its bosses to american adult film company brazzers.
new diet could more than halve a person's risk of developing alzheimer's disease.	experts said the diet, known by the acronym mind, could reduce the risk of the illness even if it not meticulously followed.
benjamin netanyahu said iran’s agreement will' increase iran's aggression and terror throughout the middle-east' but israel, which fears an iranian nuclear attack, issued a series of dire warnings.	thousands danced in the streets to celebrate the landmark accord which could finally result in the easing of economic restrictions that have caused the price of essentials to soar and businesses to go bust.
technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector.	the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance.
harry will deploy to australia on the 6th april and will begin with a visit to the australian war memorial.	the prince is due to arrive in australia on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty.	harry will then report to australia's defence chief, air chief marshal mark binskin and army boss lieutenant general david morrison for duty.
emma jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in hull just over a year ago.	she thought she had found the perfect place to call home.	but within a week of moving in, her dream home turned up at all hours of the day.	now ms jackson has been forced to move home because of mr ray.
purvi patel, 33, of granger, indiana, jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent following a hearing at south bend, indiana.	ms patel attended st joseph's hospital in mishawaka, indiana on july 13, 2013 soon after giving birth.	after arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant, even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her.
dunkin donuts' new spring menu features the 640-calorie pretzel roll chicken sandwich which contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt.	new menu also features two new flavors of the chain's cheesecake square donuts, which each contain upwards of 340 calories.
lauren bacall, one of hollywood's great golden age actresses, died in august at the age of 89.	there were hundreds of items up for grabs at the auction block at bonhams new york earlier this week.	bacall, one of hollywood's great golden age actresses, died from cancer in 1957.
jasper and jasmine may not be your regular bride and groom, but the rescued pugs' may 17 ceremony at the st kilda beachfront in melbourne will have some of the biggest stylists and designers ensuring their big day runs smoothly.	both adorable dogs were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas.	after six months of rehabilitation, both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored.
lorraine cobourn was hit by a yellow taxi in may last year.	the 51-year-old had to leave her job as a bank clerk as a result of the injuries.	she has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received.
mario suarez will miss next week's second leg against real madrid.	marcelo and mario suarez were booked during the 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon.	neither player were happy with referee milorad mazic, both feeling that their challenges were n't strong enough to be punished.
andy mcilvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend kelley mulfinger when he got talking to a group of southwest employees.	the party happened when fiance andy mcilvaine sent a note to the southwest ceo thanking his company for a $100 voucher during a trip to maine to propose to his girlfriend.
high school students in north east china's jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch.	with teachers banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling, the students' only option is to leave school grounds to eat everyday, the people's daily online reports.
ed miliband faced yet more humiliation today as he lost support of a plus-sized blogger just hours after she signed a high-profile letter backing him.	campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘ from all walks of life’.	but the move continued to backfire spectacularly as another of the signatories appeared to switch her allegiance to green party leader natalie bennett.
facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant.	the documents requested include details relating to a contract with paul ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003.	ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet.
kathryn beale whizzes plcenta into smoothies or into pills for women.	she whizzes it into smoothies, or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits.	kathryn is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers.
rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player.	on-loan defender farrend rawson played 90 minutes in the millers' 1-0 win and boss steve evans claimed after the game that the derby man's youth loan had been extended until the end of the season.	but rawson was not involved in rotherham's 2-0 defeat at middlesbrough.
gov chris christie is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher (kathy mooney, right) at a tuesday night town hall meeting.	that sentiment does n't ring well with christie's ambitions to run in the republican presidential primaries next year.	ms mooney, who has been a teacher for 27 years, questioned christie's motivations behind a legal settlement with oil company exxonmobil.
zhou yongkang is embroiled in the biggest corruption case since mao zedong's widow went on trial with the rest of the' gang of four'.	the all-powerful chinese communist party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing, despite growing murmurs that the greed of officials has been running out of control while the economy has been ballooning in size.	china's supreme court last month said zhou and bo xilai had both engaged in political activities that damaged the unity of the ruling communist party.
50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with string of charges.	police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek, north-west of brisbane, about 7.30pm on monday.	police allege five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the house.
ahmed al-karim, head of the salahuddin provincial council, said the fighters had burnt' hundreds of houses' in the last two days.	it comes as prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit.	mr karim, who left for baghdad late on friday afternoon due to the chaos, said houses and shops were being burnt and fighters were stealing everything from inside them.
nsw traffic and highway patrol command shared the bizarre image on their facebook page.	the incident occurred on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney.	parks outside my unit block (cnr albert & bridge) for some reason.	nsw police also shared the image with the caption' the heat is on'.
horticulturalists have urged people to halt the' grey sprawl' in britain which is seeing grass and flowers in front gardens replaced by concrete.	there are not just environmental consequences of replacing grass and wild flowers with brick, as the sight of a green garden is said to boost people's mood.
kadeem brown, 25, was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by the cab.	his green taxi struck and killed little tierre clark who was five.	accident happened at 170 and grand concourse in front of my bodega.
charles kane of spencerport, new york had communicated with the girl online.	he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer.	cbs 8 reports that authorities first took notice of kane, 46, when he posted an ad last october that said'daddy/daughter.
jesse roepcke, 27, from summerfield, was busted in ormond beach sunday.	charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia.	roepcke was then hit with additional charges of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison.
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson from port hope, ontario, decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006.	the pair were told their donor had an iq of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence.	but in june 2014 they discovered his name was james christian aggeles, according to a lawsuit seen by the atlanta constitution journal.
mohammad liaqat launched into a' racist tirade' after mount carmel school headteacher xavier bowers banned muslim pupils from growing beards.	the 34-year-old even assaulted the headmaster during the rampage in which he hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children.	liaqat was told to stay away from the school, so went to another school nearby where he continued his rant.
researchers have created a special robo-explorer to borrow into the ice and record the first footage of what lies on the seabed below the ross ice shelf.	the icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.	one of the unique creatures spotted on the seabed.the icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
kayla mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at danbury high school in danbury, connecticut, turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday.	her arrest came after the school's administration contacted police in february with the allegations and the danbury police department's special victims unit launched a seven-week investigation.	mooney was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year.
gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during the past five years.	critics say employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer by failing to train and promote them or give them decent annual pay rises.
gps now account for 11 per cent of family doctors, new figure show.	number of gps from abroad is up by 11 per cent in a decade.	foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five.
jan hansen's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together.	the creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars.	mr hansen hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for st barnabas hospice.
skygazers in the western u.s., canada, australia and new zealand were treated to a total eclipse of the moon before dawn on saturday.	the so-called' blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s., canada and australia.
hiv specialists and network security experts at university college london made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads.	they worked together to build a model for this' hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial.	hiv infects cd4+ t-cells, which play a vital role in the immune system and protect us from diseases.
tsa is then free to spend anything they feel will improve the civil aviation security.	tsa officials said the agency' makes every effort to reunite passengers with items left at the checkpoint.	unclaimed money, typically consisting of loose coins passengers remove from their pockets.
todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans.	referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between south sydney and canterbury on friday.	greenberg, who spent five years in charge of canterbury, said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found.
daniel demarco, of lodi, was arrested in an elmwood park car lot at 2.45pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia.	police on scene believed demarco, 28, looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel, police chief michael foligno said.	demarco was sworn in as a police officer in december of 2013 was released to a family member following his arrest.	he is scheduled to appear in court on tuesday.
concerns are raised about labour's policy under shadow education secretary tristram hunt.	the letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed yesterday by david cameron.	but the heads expressed alarm at comments by ed miliband that labour would reimpose ‘ a local authority framework for all schools’.
colin mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on friday night at the fast food restaurant in coolalinga near darwin.	the man's 22-year-old girlfriend, rachael sheppard, told the nt news he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in darwin.
youtube user joe penna, who is based in los angeles, and animator jeff schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project.	the pair produce arguably the greatest love story ever told between a pair of robots with a lot of rubik’s cubes.
mike holpin says he wants more children because it is' god's will'.	the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back.	if they had completed just one year in care each, it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £2.4million.
french mps have voted to punish anyone who' incites' people to become dangerously thin with a year in prison and fines of up to £7,000 weeks after rejecting a ban on super-skinny models.	now these ‘pro-anorexia’ sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over £7,000.	deputies in paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the senate.
australian chamber of commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns.	many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $50 an hour as a casual.	but the australian chamber of commerce has launched a campaign in a bid to allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows.
pat ingles, 69, remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers.	in comparison, the retired hairdresser prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours.	pat, 69, lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life.
toni elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett's boat house in franklin, tennessee, on thursday.	when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand.	elliot's boat house thought it could have broken a record for the most pearls in one oyster but apparently the number stands somewhere in the eighties.	puckett's boat house says it gets their oysters from the gulf of mexico off louisiana.
fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing.	from marks and spencer to primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings.
216 prisoners, including 40 children, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.	some of the yazidis are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.
the pictures were taken by professional photographer scott gable, 39, who spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and the arduous life of the farmers who cultivate them.	the images were taken over a four month period from april to july last year across asia.	mr gable said he was determined to capture every stage of production with his rice project.
harold ekeh has been accepted to every ivy league college.	the 18-year-old insists he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges.	he says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded'.
the tidwell middle school student - aged 13 or 14, started a blog on a writers website called wattpad in august last year that was called' killing children', with the tag line:' this is a continuous story about me murdering people i hate.	there were 11 chapters published online up until january this year, featuring stories titled'' massacre',' thrown under the bus' and' blood, blood, and more blood'.	some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog.
jamyra gallmon, of washington d.c., was arrested on wednesday.	she has been charged with the murder of 30-year-old david messerschmitt.	police have not revealed exactly what he was doing at the hotel.
ashy bines, who has almost one million followers on social media, has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had been ripped off from other websites.	the 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on youtube after a blogger - who looks into' exposing the truth of ashy bines' dishonest business ethics'.	ms bines is best known for her 12-week exercise program, ashy bines bikini body challenge.
a personal injury claims company has collapsed after being fined £80,000 by the privacy watchdog for plaguing households with nuisance calls (file picture).	every complaint came from someone who was registered with the tps and who had not given permission for the company to call them, the ico said.	one elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
australia's civil aviation safety authority has placed higher safety restrictions on thai airways.	regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the thai aviation safety regulator for' further detailed information'.	casa has increased the number of ramp inspections of thai airways flights operating into australia.
joe clifford paints the ceiling of runbase near the 26-mile mark of the boston marathon on wednesday.	the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history.	it will give runners a place to gather before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street.
donna hussey, 32, has been branded a' bad mum' by trolls on facebook over the death of her son freddie, who was killed when a huge portable cabin came loose from a passing land rover.	mrs hussey, who had just dropped her eight-year-old son archie to school, was helpless as the runaway trailer mounted the pavement and crushed him against a wall.	police found the trailer had not been correctly attached to the land rover but driver tony davies avoided prison after admitting causing death by careless driving.
locations in ceredigion, powys and pembrokeshire are being used to radicalise muslims.	those involved in such activities' take part in seemingly ordinary activities' in the community but' have an ulterior motive, detective constable gareth jones said.	dc jones stressed that issues surrounding terrorism were not confined to large cities.
scientists in italy have extracted the oldest ever dna sample to be taken from a neanderthal.	now researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.	researchers have, up until now, held off from excavating the remains as they believed it would cause irreparable to the skeleton.
orana wildlife park in new zealand's christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world.	the zoo keeper uses a flat palm to feed the feline, keeping it distracted with constant treats in the form of raw meat.
joseph getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £1,000, which he paid immediately.	court heard that getty, who is a director of the jewellery company run by his wife sabine ghanem, earns £40,000 a year as a financial analyst and was given a £96,000 bonus last year.
john noble, 53, shot himself in the head while waiting in a las vegas hotel buffet line sent a 270 page letter to a local newspaper.	he said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the m resort's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013.	included in the detailed package was a two hour dvd in which a clearly upset noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled' the curse', wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino.
farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win the parliamentary seat he is contesting in thanet south.	private poll, paid for by a ukip donor but carried out by experts comres put the conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin.	mr farage has insisted the party would carry on if nigel farage failed to become an mp.
bryan santana of orlando, florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate shelby fazio.	he is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a pen, santana then reportedly had sex with her corpse, killed and mutilated her dog.	jurors also heard that santana even messaged a friend and forewarned what was to come, claiming he was going to' gut' someone, and then saying ;' i have zero money to pay my $400 rent'.
remarkable images were shot by photographer victor albert prout, who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river thames.	prout's collection is the oldest documented record of britain's best known landmarks, such as windsor castle, seen from the banks today.	the pictures are to be sold as a collection at the oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
women paid 62p an hour in mauritius to make ‘feminist’ t-shirts have been sacked and deported for staging what bosses called ‘ an illegal strike’.	69 of the women have been deported to bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs.	whistles is in partnership with feminist charity the fawcett society and elle magazine.
ephedra foeminea, the plant waits for the full moon to' bloom', is the only plant species so far that’s known to behave in this way.	they ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced.	when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, the pollen it’s carrying is used to fertilise the seed.
university of sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at the elite school scot's college.	tuition, sporting and curricula fees for scot's college, one of sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000.
peter thurston, 80, takes his vessel out on the river swale in kent.	he says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising.	he built the caravan boat to take his mind off his recent divorce.
britain's aid budget may have to soar by hundreds of millions of pounds a year.	the uk is now the second largest aid donor in the world.	spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra £1billion over the next two years because of new eu rules.
winchester council in hampshire said annual clean-up of roads.	rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic.	but the hse denied tightening rules and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation.	he said:' nobody wants to drive through our beautiful countryside'.
respected medical journal says avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration as the current treatment, lucentis.	drug company novartis has allegedly tried to block trials aimed at promoting a ‘ cheap, safe and effective’ treatment for sight loss which would save the nhs.
labor senator penny wong tweeted this picture of daughters alexandra and hannah after her partner sophie allouache gave birth to baby hannah in adelaide on good friday.	the couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to alex.	it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter alexandra in 2011.
one scientist says this may not be true, and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within.	the research marks a significant step toward solving the' information loss paradox,' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years.
the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of first group buses so passengers were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam.	the crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 and earned ringleader john smith 45, from connah's quay, north wales, £159,000.	in each case, the driver of the car would admit full liability, allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims.
a british nuclear submarine suffered £500,000 damage in a collision.	the 5,300-ton hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months.	defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash.
world's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the higgs boson.	scientists hope it will unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe.	physicists at cern, the geneva-based organisation which runs the lhc, are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever.
celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch, retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich.	the ceiling height would be 9.5ft, and the room measures some 300 sq ft — just over twice the size of the average british living room.
julian assange's father has long called home sold for $1.42 million on wednesday.	the two-bedroom property was last purchased by his partner catherine barber in 1989 for $130,000.	assange has sought political asylum in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 after britain attempted to extradite him to sweden.
managers from the london ambulance service, the largest in the nhs, have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne.	they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours.	ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on £4,500 ‘ golden hello’ payments.
etienne gould nunan was born at melbourne's monash hospital in july last year.	praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing, with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed.	she and her partner jonathan nunan would spend the next four and a half months practically living at the hospital.
snp demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds.	miss sturgeon said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in scotland because they don’t live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country.
detective patrick cherry appears on nbc 4 new york on friday night to say:' people shouldn’t be treated that way.	i let my emotions get the better of me and i was angry.	there was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver,' nypd police chief bill bratton said at a press conference announcing cherry was being placed on modified duty.
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has slammed the iran nuclear deal.	he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed on thursday:' such a deal would not block iran's path to the bomb.	it would pave it.	he added:' such a deal would increase the risks of nuclear proliferation in the region and the risks of a horrific war'.
some 35,000 gathered on the white house south lawn monday morning for the 137th annual easter egg roll festivities.	this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2.
ian walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph.	two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by ian walters as it crashed into a line of trees near markfield, leicestershire.	prosecutors allege walters, a driving test examiner, deliberately steered his mitsubishi l200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce.	walters, 51, denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash.
noose was discovered hanging from a tree at duke university outside a building that houses several offices focused on diversity on the campus.	police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday on the bryan center plaza in durham, north carolina.	the area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the center for sexual and gender diversity.
milk price war is set to break out following a landmark decision by the eu to scrap quotas restricting production.	the move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like ireland, germany and the netherlands.
julian lines was filmed completing the climb in the cairngorm, scotland.	the 42-year-old, who has been climbing for almost 30 years, is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds in the sheer rock face as he scaled the cliff.	mr lines was captured grappling to find footholds and handholds in the cairngorms.
v stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in los angeles on thursday.	she was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco.	stiviano and her friend enjoyed lunch at il pastaio, a favorite of the kardashians.
residents of celoron, n.y., say a statue of hometown icon lucile ball is' monstrous'.	the statue is based on a famous moment from ball's show' i love lucy,' in which she pitches an intoxicating health tonic while drunk.	yahoo reports that the anonymous man behind the page says he's a' big fan of lucy's.
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula.	he was jailed by yemeni officials.	he is among aqap's top commanders, known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops during a midnight raid.
gwyneth is n't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty.	she's a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer marysia dobrzanska reeves in 2009.	the star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise and it continues to pay off.
the men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping russia.	the move comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of world war two.
boy scout pascal tessier, 18, and his brother lucien tessier, 20, who had earned the rank of eagle scout, pose for a portrait with their parents, oliver tessier, and tracie felker.	the boy scouts' greater new york councils said they hired pascal tessier, an 18-year-old eagle scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders.
wondrous great wall of china was created in 500 bc to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion.	however sometimes we are guilty of not showing the entire story, and the truth can paint a whole other picture.	it is sad to say that flying on a private jet, and on a commercial flight are polar opposite travelling experiences.
engineers believe the super absorbent properties of tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants.	they found that the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos.	here, a discharge pipe dumps raw sewage into a river.
the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s bank in santa cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money.	his blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name in which robin williams played a divorcee who dresses as an elderly nanny to spend more time with his children.
dubai's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm, which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters.	high winds have meant travel chaos on the roads and skies for people in dubai, as flights bound for the city's international airport have had to be diverted.	forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend.
boris majnaric, 75, of south jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit.	over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise and last tuesday the structure was finally demolished.	majnaric, who was so fond of his flock he once delivered cpr to an ailing member, was not present for the demolition.
malia obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016.	she has n't even finished high school, but president obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis.
cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles.	the cardboard gnome is next to the legs of george harrison, who is wearing red on the album's cover art.	auctioneers in the us have valued the gnome, which has some water damage, at about £17,000.
madison small, from ashburn, virginia, left school early on monday and after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.	by tuesday afternoon, the virginia medical examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered.	mr small told wusa9 that the family has also not received a diagnosis for his daughter's illness.
scientists at yale university in the us have revealed how the treatment, called azdo5030, restored memory in mice given alzheimer's disease.	an experimental cancer drug axed over poor results may have the ability to reverse the effects of alzheimer's.	researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in alzheimer's patients.
anthony stokes, 17, died on tuesday as he fled police after allegedly breaking in to a home in roswell, georgia.	his death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at children's healthcare of atlanta.
lauren crawley, 54, a housewife from kings langley, hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again, as she tells thea jourdan.	thankfully the operation, in july 2012, was a success.
shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend.	police say the pair, aged 27 and 36, sustained minor facial injuries when they left the club but did not require hospital treatment.	at about 10.53pm, one of the men returned and stabbed the north melbourne man in the back before running from the scene.
builders in turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of cappadocia.	the area is famous for its stunning rock formations, deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts, which have been carved from volcanic ash rock.	the find is thought to be the biggest underground city in cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens.
the smiley toddler - who has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed as she performed a passionate lip-sync to miley cyrus' wrecking ball.	footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds.	she also has an oxygen tube in her neck that helps her breathe.
zoe dennise prince, 28, was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year.	she claims she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride.	ms prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company ardent leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions.
suzanne adams' son james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy.	she can not speak, dress or feed himself (without assistance of a machine).	he will however be dependent on others to enable him to carry out the most routine daily tasks for the rest of his life.
maria malone-guerbaa, 41, from london, used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes, wearing a red bow tie.	mother-of-two said she did n't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result.	she used her own brushes and kryolan paint, special dense, long-lasting make-up used by professionals working with stage actors.
shaun andrew mckerry, 31, was arrested after he burst into shildon post office and stores in county durham wielding an axe and demanding cash.	but he was foiled after shopkeeper sab dhillon heard mckarry's demands and ran from the back of the shop and rugby tackled him to the floor.	mr dhillon's wife then appeared clutching her son's baseball bat and managed to subdue him further.	he committed his first offence at the age of 11 and in the next five years went on to commit 1,000 crimes.
gul ahmad saeed, 25, is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee, parents and seven of her relatives.	their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match.	saeed has been on the run ever since, but returned to his home town in north-west pakistan at the weekend - at which point he is suspected of killing his fiancee's family with the help of accomplices.	he is said to have been outraged over her uncle's dithering over the marriage.
masked gang used a circular saw, crowbars and a hydraulic cutter.	they had spent eight minutes trying to hack into an atm.	they were tracked to a block of flats in tamworth, staffordshire.	they spent eight minutes trying to access the vault.
lisa williams, 49, hit taxi driver david coleman three times after finding the 54-year-old brawling with her brother in the street, court heard.	the two families had been' neighbours at war' since the colemans moved in next door to the williams family on st catherine’s road, chingford, in 2007.	william's sibling jonathan had smeared mud all over the coleman's front bay windows.
valerie cadman-khan, 56, from middlesbrough, appeared on this morning to talk about the incident in which a policeman took her in for questioning amid claims of child neglect.	the council worker appeared visibly upset as she recalled the events of 2008 to presenter ruth langsford when her daughter aimee, now 19, was just 12.	but she said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question.
charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of.375 when he died.	he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia, not far from campus, around 10:30am on march 18, the morning after an alleged' kegger' at the house for the annual irish holiday.	he is the son of columbia attorney charles terreni, a former state public service commissioner and a man involved in legislative redistricting.
mexican artist frida kahlo wrote passionate love letters to jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera.	the letters, 25 of which are headed to auction at doyle new york on april 15, were written in spanish between august 1946 and november 1949 and saved by jose until his death in 1995.
michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women.	some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.	source told matthew drake, for the sunday mirror, that actors at auditions for one of ms gent's films were told to' prepare for anything'.
british scientists have discovered an ‘achilles’ heel of prostate cancer.	the disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the uk, with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body.	reading the dna revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, or spreads, allowing them to build a ‘ family tree’ of how the disease changes over time.
music fans pose during the future music festival at sydney's randwick in february this year.	punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016.	' what will we do with all the d*****bags in singlets?!' jake finnigan posted on facebook.
scientists now believe the cone snail shells are up to 6.6 million years old.	the technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked.	instead of being a simple white colour, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and large pokadots.
ryanair passengers escaped injury when the planes collided at dublin airport.	passengers snapped photos of the damaged winglet after clipping the other plane.	it's the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided at ireland's busiest airport.
anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last june near resorts world casino in new york city when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes.	he then said he got out of his car at a red light to take the license plate number, while muller disputes this and claims the man followed him into the casino parking light.	corrales claims he held on the windshield wipers to make sure he did not fall off the car, and a few blocks later muller stooped and he was able to get off.
ambra battilana, 22, did not'co-operate' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a' business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan.	it has been claimed the delay was because the italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role.	but once the' pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case, sources told the new york post.
labour leader’s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘ relish the chance to show who i am’.	and in handwritten notes, mr miliband appears to exhort himself to ‘ use the people at home’.	mr miliband faced criticism last week for his ‘stiff’, mannered performance.
luo kun kun was expelled from his village when she was pregnant with him, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old.	his grandparents, who had adopted his stepfather as a child.	when he was diagnosed, his grandparents found themselves isolated in their village of shufangya in south-eastern china's sichuan province.
mark jones is accused of killing 41-day-old amelia rose jones at his daughter's terraced home in pontnewydd, south east wales.	the youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather.	miss jones, 25, of cwmbran, denies murder.
roy keane will face trial at manchester magistrates' court on june 19.	he is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to altrincham-based mr kerar.	he did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates' court today but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer following the incident on january 30.
victim, who has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s.	the woman's body was found at derby motor boat club in sawley, leicestershire, on sunday night.	a 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail.
the melbourne apartment, which is spread across the 100th floor of super skyscraper australia 108, is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country.	the businessman who splashed out on the 750 square metre apartment on southbank promenade plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed.	construction has started on the building, which was designed by fender katsalidis architects, and is due to be completed by 2019.
sikander rafiq, 34, and samara jabreen, 32, lied to birmingham city council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period.	the couple, from ward end, birmingham, claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support.	but three years later, when rafiq bought them a house, jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord, rafiq.	rafiq, 34, pocketed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support.
facebook's security chief joe sullivan will leave his role as facebook's security chief to help uber defend safety concerns.	lawsuits have been brought against uber in san francisco and los angeles.	there were three high-profile assault cases involving uber drivers in december 2014.
virgin atlantic announced it would allow each passenger one facebook login for free so they can post an update from 35,000ft.	the # skyhighselfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's dreamliner 787 routes, alongside mood lighting to help with jetlag, windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets.
the f-35 lightning ii jet have very special secret weapon - a $400,000 helmet that allows them to see through the plane.	all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor rather than the traditional'heads-up display'.
tracy morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on monday, almost a year after his horrific auto accident.	morgan was accompanied by his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven for a shopping trip in new jersey.	morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.	morgan was forced to miss the saturday night live 40th anniversary special.
allie davis, 21, is so obsessed with beyonce that she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer in order to stay with her.	she posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter, revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent.	after a series of questions about beyonce's songs, and those of other artists, allie demands:' briefly explain the solange knowles elevator incident.	allie's twitter bio reads' i met beyonce [ left ] at top shop and life will never be the same'.
pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death.	emergency services were called to the unit block on cottonwood crescent at 1am.	mr saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries.
harvey weinstein, 22, has claimed the 63-year-old hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a' business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night.	but while weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations, a recorded conversation between him and battilana shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed.	dailymail.com has reached out to his representatives for comment.	she also convinced him to meet him a restaurant and the nypd were also there to watch that meeting, according to the newspaper.
harry reid is pictured here on monday in his home state of nevada.	he told fusion and univision anchor jorge ramos is' over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year's day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because' i can’t see out of my eye.	and that’s okay, i can live with that,' he said, according to fusion.
ruba khandaqji, 36, was arrested for threatening to hire a hitman to kill governor rick scott.	khandaqji called the osceola county sheriff’s office on monday telling the dispatcher she was going to hire a hitman and' kill whomever i can kill' because she wanted to be deported to jordan.
life of the triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate.	this happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen.	the rocks are now exposed on the queen charlotte islands, off the coast of british columbia, canada.
alexander bradley told bristol county superior court justice susan garsh he would be able to testify that hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player odin lloyd, but not about a separate 2013 incident in which bradley contends hernandez shot him in the face.	hernandez, 25, is charged with killing lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister.	bradley, who has sued hernandez over a february 2013 shooting, will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand hernandez a black glock pistol in a miami hotel.
professor ninian peckitt, 63, claimed he had simply ‘ digitally manipulated’ the patient’s face as part of hospital treatment.	witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him, the tribunal was told.	the world-renowned surgeon, who has lectured on the use of titanium implants to treat disfigured patients and has been published in academic texts, faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients.
researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord looked at military records of 3.9million personnel who served after 9/11 and found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates.	four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published wednesday in the journal of american medicine association psychiatry.
the six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland, sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries.	it was taken in by a local vet clinic, my vet animal hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named' seven' on social media.
priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple judas escariot, and had to atone for his betrayal of jesus by becoming his slave.	diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved.
the bodies of four people, including two boys under the age of ten, was found dead in a oklahoma home on wednesday afternoon in what police suspect was a murder-suicide.	tulsa police captain matt mccord said' the physical evidence inside the house' indicates the father killed his wife, sons and himself.	officers found a handgun near the man's body, according to tulsa world.
wayne kyle said he and wife deby were' surviving' now that they finally had time to process their son's death, following the end of his killer's trial.	chris kyle told lester holt that it was difficult to attend the trial and sit in the same room as his son's murderer.	in february, routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
katherine hadsell says she's eager for police in norfolk to give' more insight into what they're actually doing' to bring the girl home.	the longwood university student was home for spring break when she vanished.	police are searching a pond near carrsville, virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of anjelica' aj' hadsell, a longwood university freshman who was last seen on march 2.
mohamed hamdin, 24, appeared at downing centre court for his indecent assault hearing on tuesday as details of the alleged incident emerged.	hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of u.s. rappers yg and ty dolla $ign at enmore theatre on australia day this year.	nsw police say hamdin and the girl had been kissing and dancing at the enmore theatre on australia day.	it was then allegedly proceeded to put his hand on her vagina through her pants, and rubbed and touched her for a five-minute duration.
kong meng xiong, 21, charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.	the girl's family reported the kidnapping on sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying xiong, whom she was dating, because of their age differences.
prince charles is to name a pub in his designer village poundbury after the duchess of cornwall - it will be built on the centre-piece queen mother square.	the inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in dorset as a joint development between the duchy of cornwall and brewery hall & woodhouse.	the estate, which is on his duchy of cornwall land near dorchester, already has a prince george house.
the bird was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch in beaconsfield, buckinghamshire.	the little owl's sibling rivalry then gets the better of him, as he swoops under his sibling's wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war.	he said:' the three siblings are doing exactly what siblings do - playing combined with the odd argument'.
the native australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland.	it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area with small populations remaining in queensland, the northern territory and western australia.	in recent years the bilby has become an important part of the australian easter tradition however.
churchill, 84, was president eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the us ambassador in london, in 1959.	party, held on the 20th anniversary of nazi germany's invasion of poland, brought together the great and good of the allied wwii campaign.
gary dahl's wife, marguerite dahl, confirmed on tuesday that her husband of 40 years died march 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.	his rocks, which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975, came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for' care and feeding' and made him a millionaire.
michael olsen, 52, was challenged by pcs mark bird and robert wilson.	he initially ignored the officers who were pursuing him but when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to pc wilson's head.	when pc bird lunged at olsen in a bid to save his colleague he felt a sharp pain through his hand and realised he had been shot.	the 45-year-old officer, who is now back on duty, and his colleague had been called to a routine traffic accident in welling on october 3, last year.
sean mccabe planned his own funeral after he was told he was in remission.	he has now changed his reservation for his fiancee lisa williams.	mr mccabe, 30, of tonyrefail, south wales, even wrote a goodbye letter to his children for his partner to read to them once he had died after he was told he had stage four hodgkin lymphoma.	he was given the all-clear in september but just two months later told the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form.
former redgum frontman john schumann has slammed protesters for using his song, i was only 19.	the songwriter, who penned the 1983 anthem, said the song - like many of his others - was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.	but it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose' sharia law, halal tax and islamisation'.
lillian roldan says she dated castro from 2000 to 2003, a three-year period during which castro kidnapped and imprisoned michelle knight and amanda berry in his ohio home.	roldan describes castro in glatt's book the lost girls as nothing short of a gentleman, who was' completely normal' in the bedroom.
kim howe's two adult stepchildren are considering suing the former olympic athlete turned reality television star following her death.	mrs howe was driving a white lexus, which jenner's cadillac escalade rear-ended on a segment of the pacific coast highway in malibu, california, on february 7.	the car was pushed into oncoming traffic, and collided with a black hummer, leaving the vehicle a crumpled wreck.
rilwan oshodi bought karen budow's bank account details from an egyptian hacker tamer abdulhamid.	he now claims he is so broke he ca n't even pay his lawyers.	judge told him today that if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison.
the supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m & s.	the 27-year-old models her new summer sleepwear collection is full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints.	rosie huntington-whiteley, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, showcases her super toned body in new imagery.
sam smith, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet, and is now barely recognisable.	the chubby, suit-wearing soul singer has gone and been replaced with a new body confident sam, complete with designer stubble and a trendy new wardrobe.
aleksandr glushko, 21, of delta junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed.	but his bright idea turned sour when an alaskan railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site.	he was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped back.	he has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
gertrude weaver, the world's oldest person, died at 116 on monday in camden, arkansas.	the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden, where weaver was a resident, confirmed her death and said they were' devastated by her loss'.	weaver, who was already the oldest person in america, asked president barack obama to attend her birthday party on the fourth of july.
chase lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in new hampshire after allegedly walking up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt.	the young man, who graduated from high school last year, has posted numerous photos of himself dressed up as an officer.	it is not known whether lacasse identified himself as an officer in any way other than his dress.
apryl foster was last seen on february 12 leaving a bar alone in ybor city after a night of partying, having finished work at 11pm at ulele restaurant, where she was a waitress.	after a widespread search, the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in brandon, just a few blocks from her house.	according to the autopsy, the medical examiner measured foster's blood alcohol level at 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving.
pew charitable trusts has revealed the exact salary you need to qualify in each state.	maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483.	alaska is second with $70,165, followed by new jersey with $70,165.
iain mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend.	he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar near to the bar where he had been talking to his girlfriend moments before his death.
morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the uk.	it was picked out by judges of the menu innovation and development awards.	morrisons was named best in the breakfast category, beating wetherspoons and bella italia which were shortlisted for the awards.
new poll laying bare the public's attitudes to drinking found nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out.	one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a dirnking problem.
ellen weirich created' le femme' finishing school where she helps transgender females become more feminine.	the finishing school aims to help both cross-dressers and those transitioning to adopt the airs and graces of a woman, here ellen gives advice on improving posture.	ellen first began helping transgender women in high school when a friend confided in her with gender identity issues.
russian artist marina yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders.	she specializes in owls, piglets, cats, pandas and bears are other animals which feature in her collection.
president barack obama has ordered the release of 22 drug dealers - including eight who were serving life sentences.	nearly all of the offenders who obama granted clemency to were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin.	eight of those whose sentences were commuted - an act the white house said continues obama's push to make the justice system fairer.
victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a facebook message.	it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until' acknowledged' by ellanora's husband.	attorney andrew spinnell says the ruling was made by manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper.
darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number at the aurukun primary health centre on cape york during february and march.	he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud after cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory.	queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records after it was revealed the man did not have the correct qualifications, the cairns post reports.
nicholas james langan, 24, from townsville, was arrested on january 27 at a beach in canggu, north of kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint.	police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams.
lance lara, 10, from fort worth in texas, has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year.	but each time he gets on a bullock, a castrated male, he risks life and limb, and has already been trampled on several times.
jane bacon, 51, booked the' final trip' to sharm el sheikh with her husband peter, 52, after being told she could die within months from breast cancer.	she has now hit out at easyjet after apparently being told that its' terminally ill policy' only considers full refunds and not changes to bookings.	easyjet has since apologised and refunded the charges.
kansai international airport in japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994.	since it opened its doors in 1994, the airport has never lost a piece of luggage, giving it an impeccable 21-year record.
ed miliband was asked about jeremy paxman’s description of him as a ‘ north london geek’ during his television grilling last week.	he said:' pride is about the lesbian and gay community in london who go and help the miners in wales and justine and i watched it recently'.
google's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner,' a deceased loved one,' or' a celebrity,' above it atlas, which is a' high mobility, humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor, rough terrain.	atlas can walk bipedally leaving the upper limbs free to lift, carry, and manipulate the environment.	friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality.
jon bon jovi has sold his 7,500-square-foot new york city penthouse for $37.5million.	the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $24million in 2007 and his initial sales price was almost double that.	in 2010 he reportedly placed it on the market for $45m but then pulled the listing.
sarah silverman wants women to understand their worth as a part of levo league's new ask4more campaign.	calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14.
isis has launched english-language radio news bulletins on its al-bayan radio network.	the nine-and-a-half minute broadcast, which begins and ends with traditional sounding arabic music, is hosted by a man with an american accent, who takes the listener through the main events of the day.	it provided an overview of the militants activities in iraq, syria and libya, discussing a range of topics.
taxpayers have footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles.	the £135,000 was spent trapping and moving water voles from the somerset levels ahead of dredging.	the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate, it was revealed today.
nelson williams sr, the father of a murder victim, says he is worried that 23-year-old kamron taylor, the man convicted of his son nelson jr's murder, might attack him.	taylor, 48, says taylor shouted,' i'm going to get you, mother*******' taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3am wednesday.	he somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.	they warned the public that harboring a fugitive is a criminal offense that will be prosecuted.
karen davis, from port pirie in south australia, flashed her k-cup breasts.	she was reported by police with disorderly behaviour after she was reported for flashing her breasts.	south australian law professor rick sarre believed it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary.
rosetta swooped within just 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67p's surface.	its camera was able to capture a four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail.	the view also gives a detailed look at the numerous, curved markings visible on the smooth surface.
shadow cabinet ministers branded the industry leaders who signed an open letter backing the conservative economic plan as members of the ‘1 per cent’.	lord prescott suggested the signatories were ‘ tax dodgers, tory donors and non doms’ – even though several were former labour supporters.
millions of christians around the world have been commemorating the final days of jesus christ by taking part in awe-inspiring and shocking holy week celebrations.	festival marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of jesus culminating in easter sunday, met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents.
albert webb, 51, and sons jimmy chuter, 26, and jesse webb, 19, followed people aged up to 97 home from the post office after they had collected their pensions before demanding money.	if the victim had no money on them, they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it, or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them.	most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s.
taniya enterocolitis (nec) is a serious illness in which tissues in the intestine.	his mother mrs astbury, 36, from buckley, north wales, said his survival shows' miracles do happen'.	benjamin was born 12 weeks early, weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar.
victorian chocolatier xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by artists including jackson pollock and banksy using fairtrade chocolate.	unfortunately for australian chocolate lovers the decadent dessert, created by former chef décor of harrods martin chiffers.
tyecka shanta evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old baby, which occurred while she was out clubbing with her sister.	evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head.	but evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister and the woman's boyfriend.
k-9 angels and former playboy model victoria eisermann have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the uk.	angels claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented and the animals were dealt with in the' most cruel way'.
two long-time friends from canada, who took their two sets of sons on a journey to the original home of kentucky fried chicken in corbin, kentucky.	the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario.	for three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted kfc.
sydney personal trainer allie dodds alleges instagram fitness star ashy bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book said she was' devastated' to find her work had been taken.	her gourmet recipes caught the eye of ms bines, a gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, in 2012.	ms dodds said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her salmon and cauliflower sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of ms bines' clean eating recipe book.
gov.	jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday but as these photos taken on saturday show, the ongoing drought is already taking its toll on once technicolor landscape of lush yards, emerald golf courses and aquamarine swimming pools.	state reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there wo n't be much to replenish them.
joey essex has claimed to be all at sea when it comes to knowing about politics.	essex told reporters the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a' really, really, really reem guy'.
scientists claim the common computer keyboard could be a powerful new tool in their battle against parkinson's disease.	researchers in massachusetts say a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills.	for the body to begin moving, the brain's primary motor cortex sends signals through several brain regions.
rob ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue.	four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on may 11, and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days.	he hopes to return to work as a councilor in september.
british heritage brand has called on international style icon olivia palermo to design a limited edition handbag.	olivia palermo, who found fame on reality tv show the city, has teamed up with luxury british brand aspinal of london to design a tote.
cassandra and her mother, jackie fortin, said she was behind her daughter's decision to not undergo cancer treatment.	judge ruled on wednesday she must remain in dcf custody until completing chemotherapy for hodgkin's lymphoma, a type of blood cancer, at connecticut children's medical center in hartford.
china's national meteorological centre issued a blue alert as the sandstorms swept across the country.	the images show the city of golmud in the country's north west qinghai province.	it succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm which reduced the visibility to as little as 30 metres.	china's meteorlogical centre issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the area.
sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home.	she is currently living in temporary accommodation in handsworth.	but her good news is marred by the fact that she is currently homeless.
fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state, according to a report by the united nations.	the number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 after british troops withdrew - that about 6,500 foreign fighters were active in the country.
jean wabafiyebazu, 15, was shot dead after an incident in which the two tried to rob a group of men during a drug deal at a home in the coral way area.	the boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's bmw with diplomatic plates.	police believe the two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of men.
ava ciach, from geelong in victoria, suffered from sagittal synostosis.	but it was n't until she took ava to a new doctor for a check-up that it was discovered two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely - restricting the growth of her brain.	ava, now six, had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle.
the girl in the spider's web published worldwide on august 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy.	the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50.	mr lagercrantz, known for co-authoring swedish football star zlatan ibrahimovic's autobiography, said the publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep the novel under wraps.
archivists at confectionery giant nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s to highlight how the traditional chocolate treats have changed over the years.	the images are bound to jog a few childhood memories of the vast array of easter eggs that the famed sweet makers have produced in the past.
ethel rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left ‘cowering’ in pain after falling from her bed at the half acre care home in radcliffe.	but even though the grandmother was in agony, her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed.	because she is mute, mrs rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened.
a handwritten note delivered to the pilots by a plane passenger thanking them for' taking her home safely' has gone viral, just a week after the germanwings tragedy that claimed 150 lives.	the heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot jai dillon, who was shown the a4 by a colleague in the industry.	he wrote on twitter:' a letter given to a colleague from a passenger onboard his aircraft.. providing proof that we're all in this together'.
landlord richard stevenson, 32, had mascot ollie the owl snatched.	he thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on march 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return.	the wooden statue has already jetted off to belfast, benidorm and even tunisia despite only going missing a month ago.
in tudor times, buckwheat pillows were so prized that grandmothers handed them down to their grandchildren.	it also soothes stiff muscles — as the chill will reduce inflammation and help numb any pain.
the tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at rhossili in south wales.	visitors to the tip of the gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles, surrounded by the rolling welsh hills in the picture-perfect vista.
father damian maria montes was appearing on the spanish version of the voice when he belted out the robbie williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar.	as he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement.	but he claimed he turned to the church first as he wanted to' make sense of life'.
curiosity rover has discovered strange, multi-coloured veins on mars that could give astronomers new insights into the red planet's watery past.	the mineral veins were found at a site called' garden city' on the slopes of mount sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches).	scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded, much softer bedrock.
mark dawe, head of the oxford, cambridge and rsa examinations board said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam.	teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
study of wildlife sites across four english counties has found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past.	it found that the expansion of farmland has actually been more damaging to britain’s bee population than the concreting over of the countryside for housing.	wildlife sites in four english counties saw bee species decrease.
angelina jolie's character from the upcoming movie of the movie of the same name.	angelina jolie posted a picture taken from the tutorial to instagram many of her followers could n't believe their eyes.	here promise is seen heavily contouring her face having applied heavy eyebrows and a pale base.
tom ballard, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent.	her son tom told the times that he saw it as his destiny to follow in his mother's footsteps.	mr ballard's mother was a revered figure in the climbing world and was only the second person to climb everest without sherpas or bottled oxygen.
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance.	after opening up about his experiences of posing as a black man to apply to medical schools, mindy kaling’s older brother has said that his sister does not approve of his actions.
lotatoa' lota' ward ran 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor.	eight-year-old boy was already running half marathons for charity, even raising $1,700 in september for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy.	though his diagnosis meant more time in the hospital, the tumor did nothing to stop lota from hitting the trails.
carmen and mike gorgan are accused of paying a roma gang £6,500 and a bmw for newborn boy tony.	six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'.	the only defendant not in court was fana moses, the 32-year-old mother of the baby boy called tony whom the gang sold.
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois.	his mother, latoya howell, told fox news justus wanted to be a surgeon.	high school senior, who had moved to the area from wisconsin in february, was pronounced dead at the scene.
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday ahead of his four-week stint with the australian military.	the royal's down under tour, his final before hanging up his fatigues and retiring from the armed services, will see him, where he'll serve alongside some of the country's elite soldiers in darwin, perth and sydney.	if he passes military testing, it is possible he'll fly helicopters while with the sydney regiment.	before the military stretch gets underway, prince harry will travel to the australian war memorial in canberra.
robin rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed- for child.	the wild oats project at the age of 42, san francisco-based journalist robin rinaldi demanded an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months.
the emails (above) that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson, missouri were released on thursday.	seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer richard henke says of president barack obama ;' what black man holds a steady job for four years'.
kim, who will marry her long-term partner later this month, showcased a golden glow watching fiance andy murray's match against south africa's kevin anderson during day 9 of the miami open at crandon park tennis center in key biscayne, florida.	kim was a vision of health as she showcased a golden glow watching andy murray play against south african kevin anderson in their fourth round match.	kim has clearly been working on her tan, but shielded her face from the sun with an oversized floppy hat.
scientists in america found that more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis panicked and sold them after the stock market fell by 30 per cent.	research carried out by scientists at texas tech university showed how those who did follow that path and sold at the lowest point eight years ago with a pension of £100,000 would only have £63,000 today.
sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar.	experts said last night that a badly hung parliament would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.	sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election.
alan spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he passed out after choking on a pickled onion.	he frantically tried to clear his throat, and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by.	but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life ‘ slipping away’ as he began to feel his' life slipping away'.
father of one of three arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence.	it is believed the man, from brent, northwest london, works in the military's post office, where he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas.	it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked.
typhoon maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the philippines to be put on alert today.	residents and toursists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours.
charlotte roach, 26, from london, nearly died in a horror crash.	along with her business partner rosemary pringle, the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to fundraise for london's air ambulance.	the two women rated buskers in london's trafalgar square while dressed as simon cowell, rode the tube as baywatch lifeguards and even pitched to clients in their pyjamas.	charlotte roach and her business partner dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent to raise money for the charity that saved her life.
judge thomas o'keefe jr. ruled monday that 49-year-old lishan wang should be sent to connecticut valley hospital for treatment.	mental health experts said wang displayed' paranoid thinking' and was' guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers.	wang, a father of three, is charged with murder in the shooting of dr. vajinder toor, 34, and shooting but missing toor's then-pregnant wife outside the couple's branford, connecticut, home in april 2010.
the wife of a detroit-area soccer referee filed a $51 million lawsuit against a hot-headed player who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer.	the figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years that john bieniewicz, 44, could have lived, according to the lawsuit in wayne county court.	kristen bieniewicz of westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing bassel saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league.
danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice.	the drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love, which danielle then shared on yourtango.
developers at open garden have built a small device designed to make these off-the-grid networks stronger.	its firechat app paved the way for chatting to friends without the need for the web or even a mobile signal.	now developers at open garden have built greenstone - a small egg-shaped gadget that acts like a beacon, or a booster.
victim shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred.	the driver of the i20 car, identified as shadab, got into a verbal spat with shahnawaz.	when no one came to their father’s rescue, the hapless children ran to the cops, who asked them to call 100.
italian photographer giovanna griffo was in iceland to capture them in all their glory.	she is based in latina, led a group of her students to vik and hella in the south of iceland where they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle.
mark donaldson is one of australia's most highly decorated soldiers.	one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the victoria cross, for his bravery in afghanistan.	corporal donaldson vc revealed in 2013 how four years earlier he had been a member of an elite special air services unit ordered to assassinate a taliban warlord who boasted that he intended to kill prince harry.	donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter while under heavy machine gun fire for a large group of insurgents.
retired cia officer sandra grimes, 69, is one of many former and current women at the agency speaking out about depictions of cia women on tv shows and in movies.	the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze and pills.	retired cia officer sandra grimes (pictured above in january 2013) says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like state of affairs and homeland.
peter tarsey and his wife jean, both 77, were killed with a single bullet each while locked in each other's arms under a raincoat on their sofa in xalo, spain.	the expat, who had been friends with the couple for 25 years, said:' i knew something was wrong as soon as we got there.	what we found was like something out of your worst nightmare.	i'm still in a state of shock.	both the couple's cars were there, so we knew they must be in the house.
the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface.	the vessel uses a system of ballast tanks which fill with water to shift the centre of gravity in the vessel moving it to 90 degrees.
developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app.	users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button - and it works even if you do n't have signal.
seth casteel's unique pictures of dogs swimming underwater managed to captivate an international audience.	the pictures for his new book, underwater babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world, chubby-cheeked, curious, mischievous, and playful, all captured in his up-close-and-personal signature style.	casteel says he was drawn to create his new book, underwater babies after hearing of the shocking statistics of the numbers of children that drown.
two-year-old darcy atkinson was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died on december 7, 2012.	the toddler had been in the care of his mother's boyfriend adam taylor when he was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics, before being airlifted to sydney's westmead children's hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath.	he was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died.	darcy atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in december 2012.
police in san francisco have discovered the mummified body of an elderly woman in a house said to be owned by a hoarder.	the property in the richmond area is said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine.	neighbors told the san francisco chronicle the mother had not been seen for years.
residents in san bernardino county in california were forced to flee their homes after a planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds.	the county parks department set the fire on tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails, although a shift in the wind in the mojave narrows park, between apple valley and victorville caused the fire to spread.	at its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were permitted to return home after fire fighters contained the blaze.	firefighters battled to save this home as flames lapped the outskirts of the property in apple valley.
caleb benn, a californian high school student, developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for ios devices using instagram's application program interface.	it allows users to upload photos to instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone.	facebook has strict restrictions against using its private api.
mike holpin has three widescreen televisions dotted around his monmouthshire council house, each connected to his three £450 ps4 consoles all funded by his state handouts.	his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs.
new book has now archived the changing face of italian fashion, from the postwar years to the present day.	the book was compiled by enrico quinto and paolo tinarelli - the two men who were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in italy.	the book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world's biggest italian brands and how they rose to cultural significance.
michael brelo goes on trial on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell, 43, and malissa williams, 30.	he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped.	brelo's footprints were also found on the hood of the beat-up chevy malibu where russell, 43, and williams, 30, died.
nigel farage has admitted ukip has' slipped back a bit' in the polls.	but the ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to next month's election as its key campaign issues like eu membership are now very much' back in play' with voters.
victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay.	the man, of no fixed address, faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates' court tomorrow morning.
religious community claims women will be' cast into the lake of fire' if they undergo a c-section.	group's facebook memes expressing their disgust at the outrageous messages they express ; the group is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame' lazy' and' negligent' mothers.
greece has been handed a list of reforms it must carry out in return for a new injection of cash from eurozone countries.	alexis tsipras met the russian president in moscow yesterday and the pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects.	but mr tsipras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid, saying greece is a' sovereign nation' and' not a debt colony'.
jeremy kyle show guest jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend dawn.	couple, known only as jamie and dawn, were appearing on an episode entitled:' my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?' jamie attempts to show his love for dawn by proposing - but has the ring thrown back in his face.
gerry adams has sparked outrage over comments he made on us television about notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville.	she was accused by republicans of being a british army informer, suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead.	her remains were eventually discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune on shelling hill beach in county louth in 2003.
the ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies.	the striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by albert einstein in his theory of general relativity.	gravitational lensing occurs when a massive galaxy or cluster of galaxies bends the light emitted from a more distant galaxy.
the unnamed canadian doctor said to be an employee of pizza hut shared his doctor's sicknote with a friend, who posted it on reddit.	a friend of the employee posted the letter on reddit under the title,' my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick'.
billy-anne huxham, 18, told officers she had been forced into a car outside a caboolture home, north of brisbane just after 6am.	shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before ms huxham was abducted from her home by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete.	detectives are currently searching for carl garry chapman, 32, who is allegedly the victim's former boyfriend.
nicola sturgeon warned ed miliband that time is running out on her offer to help lock the tories out of power.	the snp is projected to win more than 40 seats in scotland at the election.	polls suggest a surge in support for the snp will cost labour a majority on may 7.
goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length, in the waterways of western australia amongst other exotic introduced species.	the native fish in the region, such as this balston's pygmy perch which has been attacked, are only up 10cm.
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago.	one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
some of the hens found at wagner's poultry farm were ravaged and dying.	some looked as if they had only a few days left to live such was their condition.	eggs were still being produced at the farm despite the poorly hens.
kevin blandford's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website imgur.	the 33-year-old, from louisville, kentucky, won the caribbean getaway through his workplace, but his wife, bonnie, was n't able to join him.	after posting the photos he wrote that he won a free trip to puerto rico but his wife was unable to join him.
university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you, stimulating your body to produce an important hormone called cortisol.	limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol.	cortisol is known as the' stress hormone'.
london mayor said labour leader was' hostile' to people who wanted to own home.	he also claimed ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while the greens want a return to' somewhere around the bronze age'.	mr johnson told voters that if they vote conservative they will get broadband but if they vote ukip they will get miliband.
ed miliband would be a' catastrophe' for britain, according to ftse 100 bosses.	seven out of 10 business chiefs at britain's biggest companies think ed miliband would be a' catastrophe' for britain.	it also echoes controversial remarks by the boots chief executive stefano pessina.
katniss everdeen is pulled out of obscurity, swiftly develops expert bow-and-arrow skills and leads a government rebellion - all without having to deal with braces or a single spot.	the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on twitter, as more people compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives.
prime minister vowed to ‘ do more’ to respond to concerns about immigration.	he warned that it is ‘ not the time to send a message or make a protest’.	david cameron also conceded that he understood the ‘frustrations’ of ukip voters.
robert dellinger, 54, was sentenced to 20 years in prison for causing a highway crash that killed a vermont couple and their unborn baby.	prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.	during the second day of the sentence hearing, he was sentenced to three-and-a-half to seven years in prison on the assault charge.
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown, maryland.	ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook.	rudd wrote that she had been dealing with the auto body shop for' the last two months' while trying to repair a leak on her hummer h2.
angela postle, from maroochydore in southeast queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket.	the mother-of-five sent the fruit of to queensland environmental health branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail.
kira hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago after a lengthy battle with depression and body dysmorphia.	she had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts - and at just 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight.	doctors had ordered the 27-year-old, from tamworth, staffordshire, to go to the gym to gain some weight.
dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in new york.	fans of the monkees will be able to bid for a number of framed pictures of the band in action.	memorabilia on sale includes a pair of record awards certified by the recording industry association of america - one gold and one platinum for the album' then and now…the best of the monkees'.
steve tempest-mitchell, from bradford, lost a whopping 16st after the surgery 14 months ago.	the 56-year-old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his type 2 diabetes.	this was a case of going in for the surgery and hoping to come out the other side.
disney has just opened their first-ever overwater bungalows as part of their luxury polynesian resort.	the first phase of disney's polynesian villas & bungalows has just been unveiled, revealing opulent overwater villas available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times.	guests will find all of their dining options, as well as several play areas, a children's club, and more.
prime minister david cameron visited marston's brewery in wolverhampton yesterday.	prime minister insisted the coalition had spent five years' trying to lift people up' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility.	his intervention came as another senior tory chief whip michael gove, claimed christians in britain were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion.
ashley johnston, 28, was shot in february in rojava, near the turkish border.	fighting with the kurdish people's protection units and was given a heroes send off in macquarie park, sydney, on thursday morning.	although his mother amanda johnston had no idea her son was at war in the middle east until she learnt of his death.
luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on good friday.	he was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen wearing a beanie and warm jacket.	police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy, as 11-year-old luke shambrook is' fascinated' by water but can not swim.
more than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in queensland bushland.	at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area, near bundaberg, on tuesday.	the indications are that these may be young dogs that did n't have the speed, basically.
crowds were seen running around universal studios in hollywood, california, not long after the shooting.	sheriff's deputies who rushed to the scene engaged the man in conversation but were unable to restrain him.	universal studios has an official policy banning all weapons from its grounds, and searches guests before they enter.
elizabeth stewart, a former fashion editor for women’s wear daily and the new york times and whose credited with styling australian actress cate blanchett as well as mega stars including sandra bullock, julia roberts and amanda seyfried.	stewart was also voted number one stylist on the hollywood reporter's power stylist list last year.
a kiwi couple has snapped up a bargain by buying property for more than $1.25 million less than it is worth.	the four-bedroom home near auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price.	new owners donald and jenny gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up, according to the new zealand herald.
four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday.	four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday - including australian states such as nsw.
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday, april fools' day, after she was stopped in las vegas, nevada.	the ticket caused fragoso to receive points against her driving record.	the crackdown is part of a campaign for the state to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
the big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa.	it became temporarily separated from its herd after emerging from the water.	accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out.
kentucky state police trooper robert purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. friday on a rural highway in lee county.	residents on two floors of an apartment building in okolona, kentucky, were evacuated by the fire department.	the lexington fire department sent a swift-water recovery team to assist with the search.
superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing.	superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments.
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under david cameron's conservatives party.	shares have performed nearly twice as well under conservative governments than under labour over the last 45 years.
bentley motors' top designer criticized ford's new lincoln continental on facebook and called it a' copy'.	luc donckerwolke thought the continental shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur.	ford is reviving the lincoln continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon to rebuild the brand's image.
hugo mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters.	the alleged ringleader of the scheme, olawabiyi ayanwale, who is not before the court, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims.	mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old bailey.	he is in the dock alongside seven others who are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away.
karl lagerfeld:' she is the centre of the world, when you see her you understand.	she is an inspiration for elegance.	her trademark hair is thick, glossy and silky smooth.	her sapphire blue eyes are piercing and stare icily ahead making little effort to disguise the contempt she feels for all before.
campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘ from all walks of life’.	labour attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘ from all walks of life’.	but within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
erica ann ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.	the former math and calculus teacher at lower moreland township school district had been facing seven to 14 years in prison.	she also faces three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
the hunger games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies - and the final chapter is due out at the end of the year.	before that, the twilight saga managed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008.	when it comes to hollywood's primary concern - banking a series or superhero adaptation is largely seen as a surefire success.
derek lowe, 38, and tina lowe, 33, were struck and killed by an amtrak train shortly before 10am on sunday in durham by a train heading north.	authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.	authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured.
the 10th-floor penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open next month.	it includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed, with cushions and a tapestry designed by westwood.	guests can spot westwood-designed prints, tiles and scarves in the la suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping.
china is creating a' great wall of sand' in the south china sea.	the latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size.	this is just one of several artificial islands china has been creating in the region.	china is creating the area by using dredging vessels to dig up sediment from the sea.
around 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway when the ceiling collapsed, fire department battalion chief daryl rutter told daily mail online.	thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman suffered a serious head laceration.	rutter said churchgoers suffered face and head injuries, as well as cuts, bruises and abrasions.
cody neatis, from preston, was admitted to royal preston hospital last thursday with a chest infection.	but rather than a bed in the children's ward, has had to sleep on the floor as the hospital does n't have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep.	cody has down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube.
indiana house speaker brian bosma speaks at a press conference.	the gop leaders said today that they would add anti-discrimination safeguard sto the controversial religious freedom restoration act.	the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
adults and children cross stepping stones into the water garden at cliveden house in maidenhead, berkshire.	mercury is set to rise steadily until friday, when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c (70f) or higher - which would be the hottest year so far.
european space agency's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help.	it is working with nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens.	experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit.
robert clark is engaged in a different sort of battle after a council refused to increase funding he needs for a live-in carer.	it means the second world war veteran could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home.	his son mike clark said:' he fought for the freedom of this country – without people like him brent council wouldn’t even exist'.
dr briden, a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health, recounts a patient who was suffering with pms whom she helped by changing her eating habits.	she was happily married with two school aged children, and worked three days per week as a dental hygienist.
church of england schools should stop selecting pupils on faith because it discriminates against the poor, a group of vicars has claimed.	they say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby.	many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services.
martin vargic, a graphic designer from slovakia, created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 bc to 100,000ce.	the results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable in the future.
these pictures show a' peeping tom' who is believed to have been spying on young women changing in cubicles at a swimming pool.	the incident occurred as the woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury, buckinghamshire.	officers are appealing for anyone who recognises the man shown in the cctv image.
paul childs, who is running in the liverpool riverside seat, said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test after starting a new relationship with a man.	the air steward said he was revealing he had hiv because he was infuriated by the ukip leader's' scaremongering' over foreigners who have the virus.	mr childs told buzzfeed he received a phone call from doctors after the hiv test saying they would like him to return for a second examination - something done after a positive result.
scientists at a polish company that produce body armour systems are working to put a' magic liquid' that can harden on impact in their products.	the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid (stf), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature.	in a' liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area.
latests volcano in mexico spews out a plume of ash and lava.	lightning strikes inside the enormous ash cloud thrown into the air by the colima volcano in mexico.	hernando rivera cervantes took the pictures as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles (three kilometres) into the atmosphere before managing to capture the rare picture.
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit, michigan, on monday night when he was pulled over.	the 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining that he had trouble breathing, before suffering a fatal heart attack.	his father, pastor kevin clark, claimed his son had been' driving erratically' because he was having trouble breathing and was searching for his inhaler.	he is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death.
pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend, kent were told they can not run in the playground at riverview junior school in gravesend.	parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to' let off steam' during their breaks.	rachael sparks said that her 11-year-old son diesel had returned home upset after being told not to run outside at school.
fortnum & mason's chotch egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg.	each set includes a white chocolate fried egg with four soldiers ready for dipping.	egg on toast by choc on choc’s combination of white and milk chocolate.
hayley okines suffered a rare genetic condition that gave her the body of a 100-year-old, has died aged 17.	she suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate.	it involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing.	there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world.
traditional chinese medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world.	such wisdom is widespread in guangzhou, where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages.
brian gemmell, a former captain in the intelligence corps, said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘ stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children’s’ home.	he spoke out during a meeting with victim richard kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘ very powerful’ figures in a westminster paedophile gang.	campaigners claim mr kerr’s account provides a clear link between vip paedophile rings in london and belfast.
the 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman charged with unlawfully possessing a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg on thursday.	the carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by a member of the public 360 kilometres north of brisbane in vera scarth-johnson wildflower reserve.	it is thought that the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds.
julie merner, 39, has revealed her alcoholism has cost the nhs £100,000.	the mother-of-three, who has been left with' luminous' jaundiced skin.	not a drop of alcohol has passed ms merner's lips since january.
antarctica has experienced its highest temperature on record.	sensors at argentina's esperanza base recorded a temperature of 17.5°c (63.5°f).	meteorologists this is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent.
dylan miller, a senior studying english and philosophy at juniata college, decided to live in a hut for a research project on simple living.	studying english and philosophy decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities.	miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear as his fellow students live comfortably in their dorm rooms.	he hopes living in his nine-foot-tall hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
a relative of britain's youngest convicted terrorist is believed to be among two teenagers who have fled into syria to join isis.	the pair from dewsbury, west yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days and can not be reached on their mobile phones.	one of the boys is believed to be a relation of hammaad munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of islamic fanatics targeting the royal family.	he was arrested on his way home from a chemistry exam in 2006.
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney's north-west.	the men told police they were driving along partridge road at 4.30am on friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout.	the men told police the taxi driver fled the scene and officers are now appealing for the driver to come forward.
liz smith claims iac chairman barry diller asked her in 1992:' do you think i should come out?' but that he' worships' his wife diane von furstenberg (above).	the 92-year-old, who started her career in new york city when she was just 25, is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her storied career at papers including the new york post and new york daily news.
kyle patrick loughlin from massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two boys at a daycare center where he worked.	police told the boston globe that they then proceeded to search loughlin's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers.	authorities later removed a computer and other evidence from the suspect's family home.
freezer trawler has sunk in a peninsula off the coast of russia, killing at least 56 crew members.	at least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation.	there are 13 members of the crew, but have also recovered 56 bodies.
a spanish expert, dr celia sanchez-ramos, has found the led screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina.	the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - may even lead to partial blindness.
argentina invaded the falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 british and 650 argentine lives.	britain pledged last week to invest £180million over the next ten years to defend the islands, with an upgrade of a surface-to-air missile system and the deployment of two chinook helicopters.
top gear has helped steer the bbc’s iplayer to record levels after four episodes shown in february notched up nine million views alone.	the service received 299million requests for streaming or downloading television and radio programmes during the month.
house-hunters sqm, the four bedroom property features a deluxe spa, two terraces, three bathrooms and a fireplace.	sydney's performance drove the quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent.	sydney's performance drove the quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent.
duncan hodgetts, 25, fell from the 14th floor window of the executive plaza building in midtown manhattan at 8.30am yesterday morning.	he was found on a third-floor balcony near the rockefeller center, and was pronounced dead at the scene.	it is understood the tax specialist for ernst and young based in birmingham had been on a business trip when he fell from the balcony of one of the corporate apartments.
hakeem kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away saturday.	police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby.	police said kuta, junior at bronx envision academy, appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops.
robert abercrombie took a different approach when he tied his son james's tooth to the back of his muscle car.	mr abercrombie posted online shows him revving up the engine of his red chevrolet camero before he gave in.
brandon afoa, 33, of puyallup, washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift.	the incident, which took place at 2am on december 26, 2007, left afoa unable to use his legs or right arm.	much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons.
keonna thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group.	authorities said that she communicated with an islamic state group fighter in syria friday as she tried to join isis.	she appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black, with just her eyes showing, and will remain in custody until april 8.	she is due to make an initial appearance in federal court friday afternoon.
hay castle was built in the late 12th century by the powerful norman lord william de braose.	it was sacked by llewelyn ii, the last prince of wales, in 1233, and rebuilt by henry iii.	but the larvae stage of their life cycle can last for up to 13 years.
marcus and markieff morris are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in january.	phoenix police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted erik hood at the nina mason pulliam recreation & sports complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game.	no charges have been filed and no arrests have been made.
keith cameron splashed out on a new york flat for his daughter.	he promised the world-famous lighting architect a £2million return on his investment in just two years, but it was all an elaborate lie.	cameron was today jailed for five years at edinburgh sheriff court.
meg and jess were trained for six months to sniff out dry rot.	mr doggett gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals’ sense of smell.
james evans who runs premiere photo allegedly did n't apologize for the racial slur and told the couple to' sue' him.	the couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney cathy hale to sue james evans the owner of premiere photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed,' poor n***** party' on the bottom of the pictures.	hale says that when the husband heard about the photos at the wedding he was horrified and called james evans of premiere photo.
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital.	his mother had to give up her job in perth in order to provide full-time care for her son.	the 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from centrelink as she is not an australian citizen.
prosecutors have said robert dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013.	he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median and smashed into an suv carrying 24-year-old amanda murphy, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old jason timmons.	relatives of murphy and timmons tore into dellinger during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing.	dellinger, of sunapee, new hampshire, was a senior vice president and chief financial officer at ppg industries inc. when he left in 2011 because of health problems.
gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end.	police stopped two chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists in the park lane and mayfair areas.	chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london.
bbc faced angry criticism for giving an election platform to ‘ mini russell brand’ gareth shoulder (above) who mocked david cameron over his disabled son.	the bbc faced angry criticism last night for giving an election platform to ‘ mini russell brand’ who has mocked david cameron over his disabled son.	shoulder, 24, has been recruited by the bbc to comment on the election as a member of its ‘ generation 2015 election youth panel’.
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets.	the money was collected from students at the university of surrey.	it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days.
brian williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure about brokaw, whom he succeeded at nightly news in 2004.	the network handed williams a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003.
egg contains an incredible 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5g, almost double the amount the who recommends in a day.	at 177 calories, a creme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off.
cryos international, an online sperm bank, is moving its offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando.	cryos international, the' world's largest sperm bank', is relocating from its offices in new york to this research park in florida.
barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune, the national trust’s campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled.	popular television series explore it, gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream and coastal paths are strong.
zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician in moscow on february 27, along with four other chechan men.	dadaev had previously confessed to boris nemstov's murder but now says he was beaten and pressured into make that statement.	dadaev was shot in the back four times on a bridge close to the kremlin in february, sparking a huge protest march in moscow.
matthew van richardson, 18, charged with two counts of delivery of marijuana and kevin lambert, 18, charged with delivery xanax and tramadol.	bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015.	police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age.
ed balls has pledged to scrap the controversial'non-dom' status which allows millionaires to reduce their tax bil.	the labour leader used a speech to say he will' abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms, which applies to around 116,000 people.	mr miliband argues that non-dom tests' are not very rigorous' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad.
seal clubbing in canada has long been regarded with revulsion around the world.	campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish.	figures from the scottish government show that 205 seals were legally killed in scottish waters last year.
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon was campaigning in aberdeen today.	the idea of having another referendum on scotland's future in the uk before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters.
the film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of april.	it also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history.	universal pictures spared no expense in bringing the latest chapter in the fast cars and gravity-defying-stunts series to the big screen.
felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport.	the two-year-old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband joseph naaman, who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly – apparently while being transferred from the plane – that felix was able to get out and run away.	jennifer said she is n't satisfied with the way felix's crate was secured and transported on the etihad airways flight.
nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies.	the vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the ad astra rocket company in texas.	their engine shot to fame a few years ago when it was revealed that it could drastically reduce the journey time to mars from months to weeks.
katy cavanagh, who played julie carp on the coronation street, has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including whitbread, lancome, iplayer restart and nestle kit kats.	katy cavanagh, until last month played julie carp, was said to have been given a telling off for taking on radio voiceover jobs.
singer sam bailey is a close friend of katie's and attended her recent wedding.	katie price and kieran's phone makes him tell her whenever she is going to the gym as katie worries that kieran's obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction.	kieran cheated on katie with two of her best friends chrissy thomas (left).
a bear hunting salmon in alaska eyes up his dinner as a fish leaps straight at him while swimming up stream in order to reach its breeding grounds.	however, the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
zhou qunfei, 45, has been named china's richest woman.	the 45-year-old, whose company supplies protective window glass used in apple devices, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china.	qunfei's id badge from when she worked in a factory, making glass for watches.
kevin franklin will light up his christmas lights on the front of his home tonight.	he says he will switch his lights on every evening in april for autism awareness month.	mr franklin's 15-year-old son bradley is autistic and the family want to use his christmas light show to raise awareness.
misao okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in osaka, japan, as she died of heart failure on april 1.	the great-grandmother had lived through two world wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the wright brothers.	the'super-centenarian', who was only fifth person ever recorded to have reached the age of 117, died in 1931.	she was recognised as the world's oldest person by the guinness world records in 2013.
the teenager, named as joshua smith, was plucked from the water by the crew of an raf rescue helicopter and flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.	police today said that the teen's death was not being treated as suspicious, but have referred it to the police watchdog.	joshua smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in the coastal town of berwick-upon-tweed in northumberland.
nick clegg is to embark on three days of door knocking in his sheffield constituency.	the deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency, sheffield hallam.	mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote.
colombian-born manuela's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday's show.	the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing.	she admitted that her body moved quicker than her brain.	she has since said it was the' biggest mistake ever in game show history'.
jeremy clarkson has become a green campaigner, simon cowell is going to be put on the £5 note and the leaning tower of pisa is becoming a luxury hotel.	but before you get too excited about this string of massive news stories, it might be a good idea to check the date - because all the revelations are nothing more than april fool's day pranks.
marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in early april 1975 after telling a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus.	the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared, magistrate sharon freund said in findings handed down on thursday.
becca litchfield, 29, and partner dale, 30, from gotham, were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding, or fertility treatment.	the happy couple said their vows, and were overjoyed when they discovered the fertility treatment had worked - and becca gave birth to twins stanley and darci-mai.
emails released by the state of oregon show cylvia hayes, fiancee of former governor john kitzhaber, shows that she played a very active role in his scandalous administration.	the emails show the very active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff.	the fbi is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records.
youtube is set to offer an ad free, subscription-based service for the first time.	it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an'ads-free' version of youtube for a monthly fee.	youtube's creator studio dashboard, which notes that the changes will go into effect on june 15, 2015.
millie elia, an eighth-grade student from oak mountain, alabama, died following the accident at mount cheaha state park around 4.40pm on saturday.	the teenager had been rappelling on pulpit rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.	the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail.com on monday.
the prize porker, known as pigwig, had fallen into the pool in ringwood, hampshire.	his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out.	two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the pig from the swimming pool.
new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages.	twitter has officially rolled out its ‘ retweet with comment’ feature.	available on twitter’s website and the iphone app, the feature will roll out to android handsets soon.
u.s. secretary of state john kerry checks his watch outside the beau rivage palace hotel in a break during iran nuclear program talks.	speculation was swirling on wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the u.s., participating in the switzerland-based discussions with iran in were on the verge of making a deal as french foreign minister laurent fabius rushed back to lausanne.
ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum.	the 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers.	after the suspected breach of exam rules, school officials were tipped off.
southampton celebrate after winning the u21 premier league u21 cup.	sam gallagher, who made 18 premier league appearances for the club last season, smashed a left-footed shot into the bottom corner from 25 yards.	the saints players mob goalscorer ryan seager after he converted a chance to put them ahead.	targett is the latest of a string of promising left backs to emerge from the club's academy.
claudetteia love, 17, was told by her school principal that she was not allowed to wear a tuxedo to her senior prom.	her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates, who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind, to gay rights groups and strangers.	but now, principal taylor and monroe city school board president rodney mcfarland - who had backed claudetteia - have reportedly told the student that she had to wear a dress.
one-year-old noah ginesi, from penrith in cumbria, reaches up for a hug with prince charles.	the prince of wales was visiting the rheged centre to inspect a photo exhibition entitled herdwick: a portrait of a lakeland.	charles, who is grandfather to 20-month-old prince george and has another grandchild on the way.
the number of firearm licence holders in new south wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years.	currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010.	detective superintendent mick plotecki said the united state's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase in licence holders in the state.
deborah hutton has added' my love affair with food' in collaboration with the australian women's weekly.	she's releasing a cook book of favourite recipes that she has compiled over the years.	hutton has chosen not to buy into the'diet/health cookbook' trend.
beatrice nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in central london.	she is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with 37-year-old met police officer daniel williams.	he is accused of committing the crimes while on and off-duty.
george and amal submitted plans to improve their £10million berkshire mansion.	they're newlyweds settling down in their dream home, and this weekend it was reported that george and amal clooney have submitted plans to improve properties.	industry experts, a cinema room is now an' expected' luxury in properties worth over £10million.
families are using social media to post obscenities, threats, offensive photos, sexually explicit insults and even covert films of teachers.	around 30 per cent of teachers said they had been the subject of parents’ abusive internet posts.
ed miliband's crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot labour use them.	but his crackdown, which was intended to regain political initiative after boosts for the tories on jobs and incomes, backfired spectacularly.	but far from being the preserve of business, the contracts are being routinely used by charities, public sector and the labour party itself.
boeing has just filed a patent for a' transport vehicle upright sleep support system' known as a' cuddle chair' known as the' cuddle chair,' the somewhat comical idea could revolutionise the plane sleeping experience by eliminating the need for reclining seats at all.	boeing has just filed a patent for the' transport vehicle upright sleep support system' known' cuddle chair' offers a more natural way to get some sleep.	the backpack will be located under the seat and straps will attach to the passenger's head rest.
mcdonald's says it expects the new' artisan grilled chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week.	the company says the changes were made because customers said they want' simple, clean ingredients' they are familiar with.	mcdonald's said it plans to purge artificial colors, flavors and preservatives from its food by 2016.
hundreds of people braved the snow for their traditional easter monday procession.	a similar age-old tradition takes place in hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return.	local residents of traustein dressed in historical costumes, ride through the snow to get blessing.
james robarge, 45, from saxtons river, vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife kelly robarge, 42, who disappeared from her charlestown home on june 27, 2013.	her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in unity.	the couple's daughter, ciera robarge, in court last month) said her mom did not deserve this.
nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.	the announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places.	nasa associate administrator john grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond earth may take.
small time drug dealer rudy guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence.	the ivory coast national's dna was found all over the bedroom where miss kercher was found half-naked, her throat slit in 2007, in the cottage she shared with knox.	lawyers for guede are likely to argue that the two sentences are incompatible, forcing a revision of his conviction.
research has revealed that the frequency with britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet.	it comes after professor david spiegelhalter, a statistician at cambridge university, revealed in a new book how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month.
natalie fletcher's'100 bodies across america' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins.	each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted.	this model is painted as a lake, blending into the background as part of natalie's project.
all of the 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an' eyesore' by local residents.	but the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.	the 36 homes as they were before the council spent £750,000 including funds from the intermediate care fund on the renovation.
louis jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on monday in whcih.	he said he stayed inside cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal.	jordan also said he set up a makeshift mast with a small sail to get the boat headed in a westward direction.	he said he rationed food and water and kept his calorie expenditure low.
department of land and natural resources officers arrest a thirty meter telescope protester at the telescope building site on the summit of mauna kea in hilo, hawaii on thursday.	police arrested 12 protesters thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built.	about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they posted a $250 bail.
rurik jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in hong kong on thursday.	the former merrill lynch bank of america employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges.	jutting is accused of the murders of two indonesian women whose mutilated bodies were found in his apartment.
ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death.	her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride.	three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in his early twenties back in 1980, drove a blue pickup truck with a white shell over the bed and went by jimmy.	he told the girls his friends called him butch.
diane mclean, a 58-year-old child psychiatrist in the south bronx, says she's been overwhelmed by the generosity of her friends, neighbors and strangers after her four-bedroom rent-stabilized apartment at 45 east seventh street went up in flames.	the three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing.
rodrigo alves, who is best known as the new human ken doll after reportedly spending more than $265,000 on plastic surgery, is set to appear on the new season of the e! reality show botched, this time as a mentor for another patient.	the 31-year-old london flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants.
the 26-year-old woman, laura alicia caldero, claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the mamitas beach in playa del carmen, mexico.	guards were preventing locals from going onto the sandy stretch, which is located in the tourist area of quintana roo in eastern mexico.
sarah's first modelling gig was at the tender age of two and the star, who is signed to elite model management.	sarah is a lingerie model and animal rights activist and is a regular sight on billboards in the states.
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls, texas, on sunday night.	the plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to wichita falls, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on, according to officials in the city of 100,000 people.	wichita falls officials first said that the american eagle jet could have landed on an adjacent, 10,000-foot runway that was lit.	he said he did n't know why the pilot did n't land on the shorter runway.
jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook.	career criminal, who claimed he worked in' midnight removals' in his online profile.	part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
kevin o'connor told reporters he has temporarily shut the restaurant's doors after he received abusive phone calls and was trolled online.	a contributor from glenn beck's the blaze set up a fundraising page on gofundme for the pizzeria, with a goal of helping' the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front, activists tearing them down, and no customers coming in'.
pete bennett says he squandered his prize on ketamine and is now homeless.	he says he squandered his prize on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless, spending each night sofa surfing.	coming first can certainly make or break big brother contestants' careers - and lives.
italian model ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a' business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night.	the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland, which weinstein is producing, from the lunt-fontanne theater and posted it on her instagram.	weinstein, 63, was questioned by the nypd this weekend and denied battilana's allegations.
the child, corinne gump, and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire on monday, just hours before robert seman, jr., 46, was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years.	after the three bodies were found in the home in youngstown, ohio, police went to seman's home and found corinne's mother, lynn schmidt, reported.	she was taken to the police station to be interviewed but she has not been arrested.
charlotte cobbald, 17, took the medicine, which her father stephen was keeping illegally, and injected it after saying she felt like a' failure'.	she then ran away from her father, saying' let me die', before she collapsed in a field and her family called 999, an inquest heard.	charlotte was visiting the family farm in acton, suffolk while on day release from a mental health unit where she was treated for anorexia and depression.
university john-jo pierce enjoys a cigar.	labour's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night.	parliament’s expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system.
the london book fair author hq event, with kindle direct publishing, is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors.	experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information about the best ways to get their work published.
nick cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey - and she is furious about him betraying her.	mariah rejected nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book — saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another - and there is nothing she can do about it because he already signed the deal.	nick is being very vengeful, dating other women in public including nicole murphy, michael strahan's ex.
rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67p.	the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface.	but during the manoeuvre, rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘ safe mode’, causing it to momentarily lose contact with earth.
three florida prison officers who belong to ku klux klan have been charged with plotting to kill a black inmate after his release, officials said.	the kkk men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight.	officials said he faked pictures of the black man's death to help build a case against three klan members who worked at a florida prison.
charles darwin argued that animals can express emotions with their face and body, like humans do.	the study suggests that as well as expressing their emotional state, the pained faces of rats may have a ‘ communicative function’.	they may even use expressions to warn other rats of danger or ask for help.
four-year-old hudea was pictured late last year by photographer osman sagirli in atmeh refugee camp, just 10km from the border with turkey.	she, her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the syrian camp since hudea's father was killed in the 2012 hama massacre.	but two weeks ago, the family took a fateful decision to move south, now in the control of al-qaeda affiliate al-nusra.
rachel chepulis, 26, was arrested with wesley e. brown iii almost three weeks after she helped him break out of lake region correctional center, also known as devils lake, in north dakota.	brown, who is married with children, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm.	brown was recaptured three hours later and transferred to devils lake prison, where he spent a considerable amount of time prior his second jail break in march.
the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career.	the average worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, survey has found.	but bored staff should be wary of paying too little attention.
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups, secret garden.	the book is the most popular in its genre and has now been translated into 22 languages.
tim cook is rewarding his staff by offering them a 50 per cent discount on the device.	any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched.	it does not apply to the edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the uk.
james paul harris, 30, pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety.	the victim's brother, tom gerety, called the justice system' a joke' after learning how long harris would serve.	but osage county attorney brandon jones said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses.
nicolas sarkozy is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country.	the 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country - two days after being heralded as france's saviour.	thierry herzog, the lawyer of the former president and current head of the right-wing ump opposition party, arrives at the pole financier headquarters (the fraud section of the courthouse) in paris.
david suchet, 68, has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex.	his grandson todd, who is about to celebrate his first birthday, has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex.	those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart and learning or behavioural difficulties.
christie's curator tom lecky holds the 16-page notes and manuscript for singer don mclean's american pie at christie's auction house in new york where it was sold for $1.2million to an unidentified bidder on tuesday.	the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem.
hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements at the height of the monica lewinsky scandal and told aides they would be fired if she was seen, it is claimed.	mrs clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there.
archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second ottoman-habsburg war.	they believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683.	they believe the camel was likely used as a riding and transport animal by the ottoman army during the siege of vienna in 1683.
u.s. district court judge jon tigar ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to michelle-lael norsworthy, 51, violates her constitutional rights.	norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.	she has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months.
polish father has wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter.	the man, who was found without identification, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk.	he is being cared for at london's st thomas' hospital while police appeal for anyone who recognises him to come forward.	he has a tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm.
lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes, setting a new record for the year at the sichuan giant panda research centre.	a video of their sexual antics means that' stud' lu lu is now the talk of china, says the people's daily.	breeders said they watch the creatures having sex so they can understand their mating habits.
researchers from texas a & m school found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions.	the research report recently published in the american journal of public health could' not prove' that a texting ban is what caused the critcal injury drop, though they said it was a likely cause.	most states: most of the us has laws that ban drivers from texting while at the wheel to prevent accidents.
david cameron tried to answer a question victoria prosser, 33, stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces.	she was later removed from the studio.	ms prosser said she challenged mr cameron because she wanted people to question ‘ the 1 per cent at the top’ who she claimed were not working in the country's interests.
karen wakefield and husband paul dawson were one of a number of families who featured on the six-part bbc documentary.	it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light.	mrs wakefield said she' does n't like being told by teachers when she can go on holiday'.	she has refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120 fines.
danielle davis, 24, refused a termination when a routine scan showed her baby had a cyst on the brain.	when daisy was born, ms davis and her partner andrew smith, 31, were told she had the rare disorder anophthalmia, meaning she had no eyes.	daisy is now at home enjoying time with her mother danielle, father andrew, 31, and siblings logan, six, and tyler, four.	anophthalmia is a rare disease in which a baby is born with no eyes.
researchers found 38 per cent of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder, which is also known as clinical depression.	antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders.	ssris are usually the first choice medication for depression and other psychiatric conditions.
rev.	robert schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia, california at the age of 88.	he and his late wife, arvella (together in 1950) started a ministry in 1955 with $500 when he began preaching from the roof of a concession stand at a drive-in movie theater southeast of los angeles.
leading geneticist believes he has found evidence to prove that it - or rather she - could have been more than a myth.	witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman discovered in the caucasus mountains between georgia and russia as having' all the characteristics of a wild animal'.	it is thought zana roamed the remote caucusus mountains, where sykes says her african ancestors lived for many generations.
the self-tanning shower valve' enables a radiant glow to be achieved at the touch of a button'.	this april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers, all in the name of fun.
kate winslet is to face a battle with natural england over plans to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her £3.25 million beachside home from flooding and erosion.	the multi bafta-winning actress, 39, wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the west sussex coast to protect her property.	but natural england has recommended the planning application refused - citing concerns it may result in the' direct loss' of natural habitat designated for rare and vulnerable birds, trees and wetlands.
gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear, which sits partially submerged in the water in a north american zoo.	the dad then instructs his son to put his hand up on to the glass window and suddenly the bear springs into action and jumps up to greet him.	meanwhile the bear opens its mouth wide and attempts to bite the youngster through the glass.
the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green, chester.	construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers.	it was snapped up for £2,200 in 2010 by ian coulson, a four-poster bed specialist from northumberland who spotted the item, which was listed as 19th-century gothic revival, on the internet.
amy johnson, from sydney, said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the mcdonald's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet.	the 38-year-old mother saw red and is now facing serious assault charges and has faced court today after she grabbed a teenage mcdonald's worker around the neck and scratched her face.	when she received her food from the 16-year-old girl at the drive-through hatch, the woman allegedly threw it back into the window.
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois.	police say that the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun during which the firearm went off and howell allegedly pointed it to him.	peet told officers he met howell with the intention of selling him the gun - but howell tried to snatch it without paying.	he then claimed the two tussled over the weapon, which was fired into the ground.
smokey da lamb has been turning heads in some of the city's coolest neighborhoods ever since restaurant owner sandy dee hall, 34, and his girlfriend maxine cher, 24, adopted him.	smokey has made dozens of friends during his month-long stay in new york.	city officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
the queen inspects a 200-year-old book of poetry presented to george iii.	the book was presented by the shah of persia in 1825.	along with the poems, her majesty admired the poems and quipped:' you do n't get gifts like that any more!'
sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out.	sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber.
young job seekers are filling in application forms using' txt spk' - text speak - instead of proper words, prompting one of britain's biggest companies to hit out at falling standards.	young job seekers fill forms with text speak such as' u r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and' btw am out of work atm'.
police say a two-year-old child had died and a' rising ceremony' performed.	the ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on march 22.	police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs, texas, to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and the body returned to mexico.
ikea claims it will' save the planet' with its new vegetarian meatballs.	its veggie balls will be rolled out this month, created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn, kale and seasoning.	the company now sells a staggering one billion of its regular meatballs every year.
natalie whitear, 35, struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd - and walks past lifelong friends in the street.	the condition is so severe that mrs whitear ca n't recognise herself in the mirror as she suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness.
mario ambarita, 21, took chances with his life when he clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra.	he had climbed into the wheel housing when the aircraft stopped at the end of the runway in pekan baru, sumatra, during a scheduled touch down to pick up passengers.	ground staff stared in amazement as the young man started staggering away from the aircraft before he was grabbed by security officials.
david cameron has promised to claw back powers from brussels before holding an in-out referendum by the end of 2017.	ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier, and today warned under-18s should not be allowed to vote in a referendum.	ukip deputy chairman suzanne evans said the amount of money that the eu is' putting into this propaganda and throughout the entire education system is enormous'.
ben elton told supporters he was' back with labour'.	the comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at warrington's parr hall the popstar - who claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit' little grannies' - had made her money' showering in a bikini'.	elton, who distanced himself from the party under tony blair, told supporters' it makes me sick'.
leia, an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier.	footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
simona trasca, 34, known as' romania's pamela anderson', said in an interview on national television that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it.	plastic surgeon marek valcu claimed ms trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter.	ms trasca, 34, inadvertently called her surgeon a tax dodger when she joked her latest operation only cost her £363.
audrey alexander has left parts of her garden in deep shade.	it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander’s family.	it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander bought the house and asked her neighbour jeanette robinson to trim the hedge.	she claims mrs robinson refused and declared:' i would rather move than touch these trees'.
all elephants will be phased out of the ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus performance by 2018.	they'll be taken to the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of polk county in central florida.
the law, brought in by indiana governor mike pence, was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state.	he was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill, calling it' brutal' and' unjust' and saying he was finding ways to reduce investments in indiana.
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward atlanta when it went off interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am monday.	the driver of the 15-passenger van' apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side,' georgia state patrol said.
the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was built for norad to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the ussr during the cold war.	it was home to the north american aerospace command (norad), scanning the skies for russian missiles and the military command and control center of the united states in the event of world war three.	the pentagon last week announced a $700 million contract with raytheon corporation to oversee the work for north american aerospace command (norad) and us northern command.
a giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off destin, florida.	cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach.	swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men.
asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony.	the 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at them as they walked to their car in the late afternoon last saturday.	' they were basically throwing missiles at us,' asma told daily mail australia.
jo gilchrist was left writhing in pain on valentine's day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine.	she has been in brisbane's princess alexandra hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria.	jo gilchrist, 27, will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for son tommy.
the 68-year-old pulaski county resident told the lexington herald-leader he does n't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will' warm galbraith's grave'.	his predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in spain had dark skin.	it was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the near east through turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.	dna analysis obtained from ancient human remains has shown that as these farmers bred with the dark skinned hunter gatherers.
jihadists were caught as they made the final leg of their journey.	it is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11.	turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach is-controlled areas of syria and iraq.
john zelepos of north stonington faces 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses.	the u.s. attorney's office says 48-year-old john zelepos faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to federal tax charges.	zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from mystic pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members.
the 40 centimetre-long philippine crocs travelled in custom boxes specially built by melbourne zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight.	the arrival of these one year olds to the palawan wildlife rescue & conservation centre in southern philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species.	there are only about 250 philippine crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered species in the world.
roads around st louis, missouri, were deluged with rainwater.	one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour.	no injuries were immediately reported.	wind gusts measuring 70 mph were recorded in spencer.
the 33-year-old and her husband henry hager already have a daughter, mila, who turns two later this month, and the youngster was on-hand to help her mother announce the family's exciting news.	during a segment in which' adventure correspondent' jenna was discussing what her' next adventure' for the show would be, she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy.
cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon would prefer a tory general election victory.	the investigation came after ms sturgeon claimed she was the victim of whitehall ‘ dirty tricks’.	the row followed an allegation she told french ambassador sylvie bermann she would prefer a formal coalition with labour.
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook's decision to open up messenger.	the gifs are created in the camoji app.	they can then add filters and other effects - similar to instagram.
images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days.	police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies, including unwashed dinner plates, unopened letters and calenders several years out of date.
crystal o'connor and her father kevin o'connor went on fox news on thursday to discuss their comments and and the backlash they've received.	it was revealed on thursday that the pizza shop has never catered a wedding before.
a new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men.	with 47% compared to only 40% of men surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles.
ian cunningham, who has recently taken ownership of the tourist attraction, said he was' amazed' to discover no-one had realised the homes will be built right alongside his rollercoaster.	noise levels are being tested on the rollercoaster at flambards in cornwall over the easter period.
gabby giffords and her husband were seen jetting out of los angeles on thursday ahead of the easter weekend after taking a trip to visit his former space shuttle.	the inspirational ms giffords, 44, walked through the airport using a cane, hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination.	the former u.s. representative, who is now an advocate for gun control, was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut mark kelly, on the trip, and a young woman who carried several bags.	gabrielle giffords walked through the la airport using a cane on thursday alongside a young woman.
planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033.	it concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within nasa's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back.	crewmembers would be able to study phobos and deimos, mars' other moon, and potentially teleoperate rovers on the martian surface.
state education minister adrian piccoli has called the scot's college university shortcut' unfair,' after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their hsc.	the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at scot's college to skip their year 12 exams and' buy' their entry into the sandstone university.	tuition, sporting and curricula fees for scot's college, one of sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000.
david bowie performed an alien in the cult classic film the man who fell to earth, has composed music for the production late this year at the new york theatre workshop.	based on the novel by walter tevis, the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who lands on earth in search of water for his parched planet.	bowie, 68, is not expected to perform in the production, titled lazarus, which he has written with award-winning playwright enda walsh, who wrote the hit broadway musical once.
domenico rancadore, who has lived in britain for more than 20 years, was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra.	but today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn.	italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed.
terry martin, 48, shot his girlfriend laurice hampton, 48, after she asked for half of his winnings.	but hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am saturday to report the shootings before she died.	hampton was sentenced in july 2012 to a day in jail and fined $214 for assaulting hampton in their home in fort worth, texas.
kimberly greenberg, 15, left her home to calm down about 8.30pm on march 24.	her mother janice greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help as the teenager, described as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old, has gone missing without her cellphone or medication.	she is described as a 15-year-old hispanic female with brown hair and brown eyes.	she stands 4feet, 10inches tall and weights approximately 110pounds.
anthony bethell and st john's college, oxford, have been locked in a battle over an unkempt hedgerow between their properties in warwickshire.	the bizarre dispute began when anthony bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge, which marks the boundary between his home and the college's land.
dr alex russell has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years.	shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours.	shares his tips for wowing winos with your knowledge.
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding.	mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage.	mrs beringer, 33, lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago.
gareth silk let his five friends plan a stag do, he might have imagined it would involve pranks, costumes and drinking - but denim hotpants and heels were far from his thoughts.	when the men in their matching outfits walked down the street in benidorm, spain, they earned cheers, clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed.	michael groves channels dave's' epic strut' from the original ad that quickly went viral.
sydney couple epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries.	the couple set off to their first destination- the us- and landed in new york to begin their very long journey across the globe.
yoko ono has led the tributes to john lennon's first wife cynthia, who married lennon after meeting him in college, died yesterday at her home in spain.	the second wife of the beatles singer said she was' proud' how she and cynthia had' stood firm in the beatles family'.	cynthia lennon, who died at her home in spain yesterday, later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband, who eventually left her for yoko ono.
jefferson county circuit judge laura petro dismissed the case against anthony ray hinton.	the district attorney's office told the judge wednesday that their forensic experts could n't determine if six crime scene bullets were the crux of the evidence against hinton at an expected retrial.	hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near birmingham.
bluey the cat could have the loudest purr in the world, according to staff at a rehoming centre in cambridge.	bluey is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner.
obama unveiled plans to impose sanctions on hackers in the wake of an epidemic of attacks against american networks.	the announcement followed a series of high profile incidents, including a devastating attack against sony pictures, and data breaches that stole credit card or health data on tens of millions of americans.	obama said hackers working in china and russia target america's defense contractors and the systems designed to support the country's troops.
militants fighting for the islamic state terror group in syria have announced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak english - something the nhs still has n't introduced.	among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age, must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled by the islamic extremists.
new' skywalk' platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.	daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below them.
noreen spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal.	noreen, then 68, had the scan as part of the nhs breast cancer screening programme.	despite finding nothing abnormal, the gp referred noreen for a mammogram.
laura mary sumner, 24, was given ten days to leave russia after being branded a' spy'.	russian media reports have branded her ‘ agent sumner’ and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot.	the term describes the overthrow of governments in former soviet states.
detlef guenzel chopped polish-born wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music before burying them in the garden of his home in hartmannsdorf-reichenau in 2013.	state attorneys had sought 10 and a half years in prison for the defendant, a trim, soft-spoken father of three whom neighbours described as friendly, generous and unfailingly polite.	lawyers representing the family of stempniewicz, 59, had requested a 15-year sentence.
chelsea clinton, the former first lady, in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff.	as he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day, he saw chelsea talking on the phone.	chelsea now runs the family philanthropy along with her parents.
study by kärcher has revealed six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes.	it turns out old mugs of tea, toothpaste-encrusted bathrooms and mouldy food are among the top' cleaning sins' committed by busy brits.
president barack obama put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter malia.	while making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler.	obama today said he can' relate to... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says, "daddy, i'm having trouble breathing".
tony cocker, the chief executive of e.on, has been forced to pay £7.75million to citizens advice after it ripped off customers who were switching to rivals.	the money will go to citizens advice to fund the organisation’s work helping those trying to cut their energy bills.	e.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers after it announced price rises in january 2013 and again in early 2014.
pope francis is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening - and is using the service to stress the persecution of christians.	the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east, africa and elsewhere.
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction.	some 42 per cent of people said they supported fracking in a department of energy and climate change public attitudes survey published in february.	shows greater backing for the shale gas industry than other recent polls.
the 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the stagecoach depot in dover, kent.	the unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand.	around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two african elephants.
zayn and perrie jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday following accusations of him cheating.	the 24-year-old told the sun on sunday's james beale:' perrie should not stay with zayn any longer because he has cheated on her and continues to lie about it.	it is not the first time zayn has been accused of cheating'.
hannah brierley thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat which was hung up to dry at her home in rochdale, manchester.	she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, karen marriott, to come upstairs.	mrs marriott attempted to call the rscpa at 7am morning but after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999.
the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933.	new revelations now claim their deaths came after their supervisor gave orders for the crew to leave a safe zone.	but first, paladini claims mcdonough heard crew supervisor eric marsh and his top deputy arguing over making the dangerous move.
the us-based barrick gold boasts that it is the world’s leading gold mining company.	one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern enga province when she was raped in 2010.	she and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company’s porgera gold mine in papua new guinea.
tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart.	all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs, offering six crucial clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart.
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war, and at its peak in the 1950s, the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states.	but as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels, and today, just over 120 ships remain.
april 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of' animal therapy'.	it turns out man's best friend are actually' kid's best friend', with pups changing the lives of many children with autism.	april 2 is autism awareness day and people may be oblivious that man's best friend are actually' kid's best friend'.
ryann simmons sits with the dog his girlfriend is fostering at their home in moses lake, washington.	days later, the one-year-old bully breed mix showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a farm town about 100 miles west of spokane.
the patent was filed by the california-based firm in march 2011 and awarded earlier this week.	it details a system of scanning a user's face with the front-facing camera when the handset is moved into a certain position, and automatically unlocking the device if the image matches one on file.	the patent was filed by the californian tech giant in march 2011 and awarded earlier this week.
officers say akon guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children.	the children's sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 toyota kluger when it crashed into the lake at wyndham vale in melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on wednesday.	one-year-old bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger all died after the 4wd they were in plunged into the lake on manor lakes boulevard.
researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten.	performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food.
victoria police confirm it was located on monday afternoon, west of the devil’s cove and candlebark campsite in lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne.	they are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for luke continues.	police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite on friday.
scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed' pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become loch ness.	the intriguing fossils were rediscovered when the president of the official loch ness fan club, gary campbell, was invited to the museum and spotted them.	he saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature.
the united states department of agriculture's food safety and inspection service revealed the recall on tuesday.	the type of baby food being recalled is' stage 2 beech-nut classics sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars.	stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled, according to fsis.	fsis has received no additional reports of injury or illness from consumption of these products.
archaeologists have discovered a previously unknown stretch of the great wall of china in the northwestern of the country.	experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch (10 kilometres) means the full range of the qin dynasty great wall can be traced for the first time.	nine sections of the wall have been found over the last two months.
danny eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers in st. tammany parish say when he took the vessel out on the tchefuncte river and smashed it into pilings outside the t-rivers bar in madisonville.	eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.	eckhart was booked into the st. tammany parish jail and later released on $7,500 bond.
luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's soho nightclub on may 12, 2013.	lazarus hired back schwartz vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction, also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received, fairfax media reported.	lazarus said he thought the sex was consensual and that it was n't made him:' absolutely sick to my stomach'.
ed miliband was last night accused of snubbing britain’s army of self-employed workers.	the labour leader prompted claims that he was worried about upsetting his party’s ‘ union paymasters’.	but while david cameron, nick clegg, nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature.
liz brindley, 31, is pictured with her nine-month-old daughter cora in her sandbagged garage at one of the new homes facing issues such as damp and flooding in huddersfield, west yorkshire.	neighbours in huddersfield have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and the architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
mike holpin still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be.	despite being engaged for the fourth time, the 56-year-old is showing no signs of settling down soon.	for despite being set to marry, the alcoholic benefits claimant still has a live profile.
scientists at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.	the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
aaron stringer, from bakersfield, california, allegedly pulled on the toes and' tickled' the feet of a man whom police had recently killed.	he then said that he' loves playing with dead bodies' and later told her to lie about what she'd seen.	stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in november.
phil smith, 25, died after trying to climb through an upstairs window.	the 25-year-old, who worked at a school for disabled children, fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall.	he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary, but died five days later on april 9.
bae system's typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy.	experts must build the jet on' floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon.	it is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is' no more than the thickness of a match stick'.
leza davies, 33, believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence.	the 33-year-old saved up £4,000 to go from a 34a to a 34d and was pleased with her new look.	then, in april 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size.
albert and bernard just became friends with cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is, she’s not going to get many gifts.	the test was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad.
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday.	they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health, officials said.	police said they now consider the case to be closed.	it was revealed that the mother's stepson has a long criminal record.
the brooklyn resident was in court on monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading.	trebitsch is married to silver's daughter michelle.	despite being a co-owner of their mutual fund, michelle has not been charged in the scheme.
cheng chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother.	he spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements, it was reported by people's daily online.
sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year.	the app is currently in development and will be trialled at a store in wandsworth later this year.	these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale.
frances clarkson, 53, spent the easter weekend with family and friends in barbados.	she has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster but the pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
sam barton, who has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery - believes he is being bullied online by a gang who have now thrown eggs in his face.	the 22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house.	on easter monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs from a car.
amy wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit.	she claimed she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner, who was also working.	wilkinson, who was manager of manchester united from 1972 until 1977, was manager of manchester united from 1972 until 1977.
a wallaby shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the wilsons promontory national park, in the gippsland region in southeast victoria, as the wombat waddled over to the unsuspecting wallaby.	in a performance you would expect from a boxing kangaroo, the wallaby turned around and gave the wombat a little crack on the nose after it seemingly got a little too close for comfort.
wesley bell jr., 18, left, casts his vote alongside his father wesley bell who claimed victory in the race for ferguson city council ward 3 seat.	the election means that half of the six-member city council in ferguson, a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black, will now be african-american.	this just over one month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city.
ruth davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes.	but just as she did not advertise the fact that she is a member of her local labour party in islington, north london.
dartmouth is the only ivy leage school in an early presidential primary state.	hillary's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the democrats' standard-bearer.	twenty-two of the 50 dartmouth students interviewed on sunday mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in benghazi, libya as a black mark on clinton's record.
the phone, which belonged to bella crooke from melbourne, was handed in to albury police station on sunday morning.	police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station.	officers from albury police station on the nsw-victoria border posted selfies on a woman's facebook page saying she could come and collect her phone after it was handed in on sunday morning.
stephanie scott's hometown of stephanie scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday.	the balloons hovered above the small community of canowindra in the central west region of nsw, hundreds gathered on sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be.
when it comes to lullabies, the classic moon river, which audrey hepburn famously sang in breakfast at tiffany's - tops the chart for british parents.	eurythmics' there must be an angel came second on the top ten, followed by vanilla ice's ice ice baby, while more current hits from pitbull, ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut.
a study of 2.3 million has revealed that 7.35am is the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for australian families.	sophie falkiner, australian tv presenter, model and mother of two, can testify to that.
research on infants’ brains by doctors from oxford university has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults.	it means that newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures.	but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults.
mother-to-be, whose name is injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother.	the mother-to-be, whose name is injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother.
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door.	with the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time.	smith is heard saying as she watches the scene play out.
local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a crucial judicial review next month.	local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a judicial review.
mirreyes are often the sons and daughters of the members of mexican high society.	it's just one big fiesta: a glance through the social media profile of a mirrey often reveals a party picture.	post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name.
young man, who can not be identified for legal reasons, now relies on 24-hour care.	he was born at the luton and dunstable hospital in september 1989.	but was readmitted three months later, suffering a serious brain haemorrhage.	he now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life.
nathan sellers went on the show with his ex, lia palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the wu-tang clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show.	the tenth member of the wu, ol' dirty bastard, is dead so he was n't involved no matter what.	palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the wu, but denied that she did anything sexual with them.
duke and duchess of cambridge’s second child could be the first royal to be born outside london for 85 years.	st mary’s hospital in london is the first choice of venue for the delivery, two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the duchess leaves the capital.
hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company.	inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, dustin wong, 31, has journeyed from the arctic circle to australia.
financial fund for killer cop michael slager was shut down by crowd-funding website, gofundme.	the site told daily mail online that' after review by our team, the campaign set up for officer slager was removed due to a violation of gofundme's terms & conditions' but refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns.	slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father walter scott, 50, who was fatally shot five times in the back in north charleston, south carolina on saturday.	slager, 33, was terminated from the police force on wednesday.
robert durst, 71, pleads not guilty to two weapons charges related to his arrest last month.	durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana.	durst is being held without bail in the mental ward of a state prison.
russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old.	the ‘screw’ measures an inch (2cm) long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal research team called the kosmopoisk group.	they claim that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and has a mixed reputation.
the incident occurred after a meeting between afghan leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in jalalabad.	all u.s. embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission, the embassy said.	nato confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack, without providing the nationality of the slain soldier.
stacey eden stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing brisbane couple hafeez and khalida bhatti on the airport line train on wednesday afternoon.	her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by daily mail australia on thursday morning.	ms eden said:' any act of kindness should be done from the heart, not with the expectation you will be rewarded'.
tom hanks' wife rita wilson has revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery.	she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week.	she said she had' vigilantly monitored' her health with mammograms and mris because she knew she had an underlying condition of lcis.
richard attenborough's possessions will be sold.	they are mementoes of a brilliant career in movies, stretching from the tunnels of the great escape to the dinosaurs of jurassic park and gandhi’s vast crowd scenes.	lord attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film in which we serve.
john t. booker jr, who refers to himself as muhammad abdullah hassan, is said to have targeted nearby fort riley and planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill' people with power'.	booker was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by fbi informants.	booker was also charged with attempting to damage property by means of an explosive and providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
the final book will feature tiffany aching, a witch-in-training who has featured in four of sir terry's books to date.	the novel is based in the fictional realm of discworld - a flat disc balanced on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle roaming through space - will go on sale in september.	sir terry published his fist discworld novel, the colour of magic, in 1983 and went on to sell 85million books worldwide.
sii deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the passenger comfort hardware award at the crystal cabin awards in hamburg, germany.	the adapted seat would make use of the usually wasted space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows.	it would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs, meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair, without disrupting the neighbouring customer.
ramon c. estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks.	he died sunday at the prison in draper, utah department of corrections spokeswoman brooke adams said tuesday afternoon.	he was scheduled to have dialysis friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on friday or saturday.	adams said there appears to have been some miscommunication with south valley dialysis technician scheduling, and the hospital is investigating.
clinton's lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in keene.	but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar.	if police radar had been engaged, it would have clocked hillary's signature black conversion van -' scooby'.
firefighter miguel meza died a day after his family's car hurtled off the road and into a los angeles harbor.	his 13-year-old brother, identified as abdelkrim elmezayen, was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on thursday.	their parents are in a stable condition in the hospital.
janet street-porter posted this picture on twitter with the caption' just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!' both the press and the public routinely talk about politicians in less-than-flattering terms.	the uk is home to a rich and raucous tradition of political satire, from 19th century caricaturists such as george cruikshank and james gillray.
shocking photographs reveal how a horse riding event for a cancer charity in northern ireland apparently used a surprise jump in the shape of a car.	one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in greencastle, county tyrone.	one rider reported visiting a & e to be treated for badly bruised ligaments after her horse fell.
women, who worked at the dementia unit of the bupa-run facility, told one woman she was going to be killed.	another confused patient was told she was living in a brothel.
luke shambrook, 11, was sitting on the side of a hill peering between trees toward a police helicopter at the moment he was found save after surviving for a remarkable five days on his own in the bush.	luke was sitting alone and forlorn on the hill when he was spotted from the police helicopter.	luke shambrook has been found alive after he went missing from a victorian campsite at 9.30am on friday.
the men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old, collapsed on good friday, forcing it to dock near the opera house.	they were rushed to st vincent's hospital.	heir condition was critical overnight but they are now stable.
experts have discovered that this dove grey suit was once worn by notorious nazi leader hermann goering.	they used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight german commander and it is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in plymouth, devon.	goering, who founded the gestapo and was commander of the german air force, was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
tate britain chiefs believe the chance discovery of a 1946 export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting was legitimately brought to britain.	the document bears the signature of a dealer called karola fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from budapest to zurich, including one by constable identified as fishing boat.
feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water.	the quadruplet male cubs were encouraged by their mother, cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space.	curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area.
hanni gharib perfectly captures the view at the edge of loch earn in the isle of skye.	their findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users, with the team proving that isle of skye is the perfect road trip destination.
the trio, made up of computer scientist greg allison, bioengineer andy zhang and mechanical engineer mike hua, currently has a functioning prototype, that has produced a numbing effect in just 60 seconds.	their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds.
gracie mansion is one of manhattan's oldest structures built more than 200 years ago.	the hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof.	officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor bill de blasio and his family, who will remain in the home.
abildaeva aigul isahanovna is among 123 of kazakhstan's' prettiest soldiers' who have been put forward by the military for its miss army competition in the hope of encouraging more recruits.	the pictures show the women in three set poses in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing.	they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters.
the 26-year-old, who was known as ‘chris’ by uk soldiers, was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in khost, eastern afghanistan.	his son muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack, which chris says was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him.	he claims he has also narrowly escaped a kidnap attempt, and now has to hide in a network of hostels.
office workers were shocked to discover a couple having sex in a park in full view of their tower block on the hottest day of the year.	the couple appeared not to mind being in full view as the enjoyed the steamy encounter at the three bridges playing fields in crawley, west sussex.	temperatures reached 25c in some parts of the uk.
if you are looking to celebrate this wonderfully balmy weather, the sun is out.	if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are lots of places to try.
medical experts watched the 23rd outing for ian fleming's hero.	concluded that bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film, and would have died from the cold or lack of oxygen.
the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus.	the movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer friday, but the university decided to cancel the screening over complaints that american sniper portrays muslims as villains.	mekkaoui identifies as arab and middle eastern and feels the film' condones a lot of anti-middle eastern and north african propaganda'.
clare van santen, 37, is currently battling terminal breast cancer.	she is pictured here with her four youngest kids susan 17, nikita, 9, the perth woman was first diagnosed when she was pregnant with her fifth child, elijah, now aged nine.	when she asked her doctor after all her treatment whether she was in remission, he told her that with breast cancer, if it is contained within the breast like hers was, you are essentially cured.
michelle schwab, who has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare, has been charged with child endangerment.	she allegedly dangled her child over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in cleveland metroparks zoo before he slipped and fell.	she faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine.	visitors heard a scream at 3pm on saturday and looked to see schwab, 38, and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the child.
the family of evita nicole sarmonikas arrived back in sydney on tuesday from mexico where they flew on a mission to bring her body home.	it has now been revealed dr victor ramirez, of the hospital quirurgico del valle in mexicali, the capital city of the mexican state of baja california, operated on roseann falcon ornelas in 2014.	australian woman evita nicole sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery last month in mexico.	yet the clinic associates refuse to change her bedding or help in any way.
first ever mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the navy's x-47b drone.	the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators (ucas-d) on the x-47b program.	earlier today, it plugged its in-flight refuelling probe into the hose of an omega air kc-707 tanker off the coast of maryland.
hotel staff found the body of pregnant charmain speirs face-down in a bath.	her husband eric isaiah adusah, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife charmaine spears.	ms speirs and mr adusah, who were married last september, were said to have argued during their stay.
police are searching for a man charged with killing his wife at the dunkin' donuts in hanover, maryland.	patrons called police sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the dunkin' donuts on arundel mills boulevard in hanover.	patel's husband, 24-year-old bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled.	patel has been charged with first-degree murder, second-degree murder, first-degree assault, second-degree assault, as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure.
john foran’s wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry on tuesday april 7 when he found the splinter-covered shard.	the £2 ready meal was bought from an iceland foods store in spytty retail park near the couple’s home in newport, south wales, within the last two weeks.	john foran was horrified to find a five inch piece of timber in his iceland chicken tikka biryani curry.
police say they repeatedly told j.b. of orchard park, new york, to not drive home from grand island town court on monday.	suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies.	silverthorn was charged with felony dui, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
aaron hernandez left behind his life as a millionaire star athlete.	it is perhaps fitting that hernandez was booked at mci cedar junction in walpole, massachusetts on wednesday after he was arrested under suspicion of murdering odin lloyd.	hernandez has n't set foot in the stadium since june 2013.
ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint.	but an animal lover's appeal for help led to a south african tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb.	ozzie the goose has his stump measurements taken as bunnycorp works to design him a new leg.
obama sat on one side between the late apple co-founder steve jobs and facebook pioneer mark zuckerberg, but the place of honor was no accident.	google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to obama's two white house campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both.	one result has been a coziness with the u.s. government's executive branch that few other companies can match.
jake harris' joke book on sale at river island contains an offensive joke about domestic violence has caused a twitter storm prompting the high street brand to withdraw it from shelves.	the' really blokey jokes' book' by jake harris on sale contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends.
rita wilson tweeted:' i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending.	thank you.	' on tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine.	rita, who took a leave of broadway play' fish in the dark' earlier this month, revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and completed a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery.
christine bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to frank lampard's two daughters isla.	the 36-year-old has been in a relationship with the manchester city midfielder for fiver years, and says building a bond with his children has been a careful,'well-thought-out process.	frank and christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the pride of britain awards five years ago.
virginia’s portsmouth public schools say their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama's federal lunch rules.	administrators at a virginia school standing up for their flotus approved school meals.	after the photo began circulating the web, food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said the lunch was' concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks, reports eag news.
an 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight, were trapped on a sandbank at blackpool beach while out walking during the school break.	but when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help.	the incident serves as just another reminder of the dangers of rising tides after more than 60 spectators had to be rescued at the boat race in london on saturday.
hbo drama, based on george rr martin's fantasy novels, is about to begin its fifth series, which has seen many of the most powerful roles for actresses on television.	lena headey, has hinted that scheming cersei lannister may survive the ten episodes of season five.	arya stark (played by maisie williams) grows from feisty tomboy to child assassin and nomad.
jade ruthven, 33, was so upset by the' poison pen' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian em rusciano - who shared it with her thousands of followers on social media.	the' poison pen' letter was sent to an' baby spamming' mother after the author got fed up with' a few of the girls' to say they are' so over' the running commentary.	the incredible printed letter, littered with expletives and exclamation marks, starts with the anonymous author saying they had got together with' a few of the girls'.
darius, who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone, is officially the world's biggest rabbit.	but his title is now being contended by his son jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in - with six months left of growing to do.	it costs her £5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples.
amit yadav, 20, was driving his red honda civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming renault cleo.	his two passengers - brothers haider, 20, and taimur kayani, 17, from leytonstone, were killed in the collision on lodge avenue, dagenham.	taimur, who had been sitting in the front passenger seat, was pronounced dead at the scene.
laurent stefanini, 55, was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see.	but the controversial appointment was met' with a stony silence', according to the french media.	le monde reported that mr stefanini was a practising catholic but his proposed move from head of protocol at the elysee had' not received the agreement of the vatican's administration'.
german detectives have been ‘ closely monitoring developments’ in the £60 million london case and are expected to make contact with scotland yard this week.	thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz, berlin, in january 2013.	there has been speculation that the london robbers – who stole jewels and cash from 72 boxes at the hatton garden safe deposit centre – are from eastern europe.
blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama's u.s. senate seat when he was elected president in 2008.	the photos, the first of blagojevich in prison, were first published by the national enquirer.	blagojevich is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the federal correctional institution englewood near denver.
gao yu named one of the international press institute's 50' world press heroes' in 2000.	the ruling stated gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling communist party named' document number 9' to a hong kong media outlet.	china's current president xi jinping has overseen a harsh crackdown against critics of the ruling communist party, with scores of journalists, lawyers and academics detained and dozens jailed.
denmark's princess marie and prince joachim were among the first guests to arrive for the gala dinner.	the two were by margrethe's side once again in the evening when the danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of europe to fredensborg castle.
masked men have robbed three banks in the pittsburgh area so far this year.	the men, who wear dark sweatpants and sweatshirts, are also seen jumping over the counter as they begin their heists.	authorities say that the robberies, most recently on april 10, have become increasingly violent.
gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove the definition of them as' swindlers' from the spanish dictionary.	protest letters were delivered to members of spain's royal language academy, which produces the definitive dictionary.	protest was delivered on international roma day and beore handing in the letter, group representatives gathered to throw flower petals into madrid's manzanares river in the customary homage to the gypsies killed in the holocaust and other extermination campaigns.
sheriff stanley glanz told a press conference on monday that the special fbi agent in charge of the state of oklahoma, jim finch, had informed him of the investigation's results earlier that morning.	but the sheriff stopped short of saying bates was qualified to use the gun he used when he killed harris earlier this month.	bates has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 death and faces four years in prison.
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at st george's school in ascot.	he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger.	he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years.
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors.	in scenes that harked back to a bygone age, the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day spring steam gala.	train enthusiasts will be able to make the most popular heritage railway have kicked off their three day spring gala.
the toys include a long' tail' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button, and then watch on the tv as the animals react and play with them.	the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let the children control three different toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the tv in their room as the animals react and play with them.	plans to sell a version for pet owners via kickstarter next month.
len barnes shed three stone as he battled the condition clostridium difficile, suffering bouts of diarrhoea.	he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain.	despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital, the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement.
the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers, or' icann,' sent a letter on thursday to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada's office of consumer affairs.	kevin spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the'.sucks' domains which opened on 30 march.	taylor swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from'.porn' and'.adult' domains.	it has recommended charging $2,499 a year for the privilege.
new study has uncovered evidence that a relative of tyrannosaurus rex may have indulged in cannibalism.	paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus, which lived around 75 million years ago.	scientists believe they have evidence that the top predatory dinosaurs were highly intelligent pack animals.
john travolta has broken his silence on the controversial scientology exposé going clear and says he never intends to watch the documentary.	speaking to the tampa bay times while promoting his upcoming film the forger, travolta said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive -- nothing like the blackmailing, physically abusive cult portrayed in the film.
jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week.	most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east.	twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence.
levi jarrett millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. wednesday, making him this year’s first tax day baby at memorial university medical center.	donation, made by path2college 529 plan, is given to the first child born each year on tax day at memorial.
rachelle and chris chapman are parents as their surrogate and college friend laurel humes reaches her due date.	the baby will be born near laurel's home in asheville, north carolina, four hours from the chapmans.	rachelle, 29, is able to conceive and carry a child.
guard at the u.s. census bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen.	the shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into d.c. that ended when ramming the front gates.	however, the shooter tried to ram the gates before firing at the guard at least once.	he went to investigate and it cost him his life.
jeffrey walker told jurors the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted' white'college-boy... khaki-pants types' who were' easy to intimidate'.	witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.	squad leader thomas liciardello, the lead defendant,' produced big jobs, a lot of arrests'.
new zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a christchurch dairy wearing a' distinctive' cartoon mask.	the offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being' very tall'.	he made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on saturday.
survey of 1,001 british muslims found that one in four of this cohort had some sympathy with those who decide to join terror organisations such as isis.	figures show that among young and female muslims, one third have sympathy for the jihadi runaways despite deplorable images of isis atrocities posted on the internet.
the lowy institute report, released on thursday, says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a' serious national security threat' but that the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response.	the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky's death as its capacity to do so was' extremely limited'.	australians who were involved in overseas conflicts were' putting their own lives in mortal danger'.
a study published in the lancetfound mindfulness-based cognitive therapy led to similar outcomes as antidepressants when treating the mental disorder.	researchers found patients on a mbct course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants.	over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the mbct group.
robert bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates, of tulsa, copied and kept for himself.	bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 as he lay on the ground.	bates spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the today show on friday, where he was flanked by his lawyer and family members.
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, claimed in a prison interview on wednesday that he had killed a gay college supervisor because he made sexual advances towards his teenage brother.	stancil, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old ron lane.	lane was looking for stancil on facebook and found his brother.	he said he has no regrets about the shooting.
the hop theory'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices, and promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping.	despite nearly reaching its crowd-funding target, the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes as' craft beer'.
illinois gov.	bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including the tomb.	illinois faces a financial crisis and gov.	bruce rauner participates in ceremonies honoring president abraham lincoln at the lincoln tomb in springfield, illinois.
harvey weinstein's wife georgina chapman, 38, stepped out looking forlorn amid allegations her husband apologized to a 22-year-old model for groping her.	but as he fights to throw out the allegations, the new york daily news reports that police overheard a phone call between battilana and weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said:' it wo n't happen again'.
damon muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis (jdm) in november - a rare autoimmune disease.	the disease has robbed damon, from gladstone in central queensland, of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun - something his mother nicci moynahan says has been very difficult.
prime minister tony abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event.	abu sayyaf militants are pictured guarding an area prior to a meeting with the sulu government.	mr rodwell said he fears the federal government will not award him victims of terror overseas compensation.
anjelica' aj' hadsell, 18, has been missing since march 2.	she was on a break from longwood university in farmville, virginia and home in norfolk.	the body has been sent to the chief medical examiner's office to be identified and to determine the cause of death.
lexy wood, 13, told rebecca boyd she is' embarrassed' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of cinderella in bessemer, alabama.	she and her brother nick were approached after the screening by mrs boyd, who said' it was a hard pill to swallow, but i knew they weren’t raised that way'.	boyd said that the apology and aftermath of the encounter' reminded me that there are still good people in the world'.
nick robinson made a brief return to tv screens last night.	he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover' the election proper'.	he said he was listening to his doctors and speech therapist.
john oliver flew to moscow to grill edward snowden about the leaking of' harmful' documents and asks him to explain why he did it.	extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers, making it harder for extremists to be tracked down.
lacey spears of scottsville, kentucky, appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son garnett-paul spears.	the boy's father, chris hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence ;' please put her in general population! thats all im asking for! because she wont make it.	garnett-paul spears' (left) father chris hill lashed at his ex and the boy's mother on facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison.
marcel hirscher added a little extra flare to his downhill slalom run by bringing the pistes alive with a colourful display.	the skier teamed up with the red bull media house and starelation to create the unusual stunt, using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around.
hanan, 19, was snatched from her family, suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in mosul, iraq.	she and six others were then taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months.	hanan managed to escape that night with some of the other girls by jumping out of a bedroom window, but two of them were caught as they fled.
mike lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes.	he was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen.	wiltshire police confirmed they had stopped the investigation pending further information.
xiao zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver condition meaning he needed his first major surgery at just nine months old.	but the boy's body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital, until father xiao kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday, leading to a full recovery.
anthropologists studying the remains of a prehistoric woman nicknamed the red lady of el mirón have found spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth.	the study now provides the oldest evidence yet that mushrooms were eaten by early humans and helps to shed new light on the mysterious red lady.	her body was found in an elaborate grave in the el mirón cave in cantabria.
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago.	despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition which left mr ritchie feeling that the negativity impacted on him being able to do the job to the best of his ability.
twelve-year-old alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an mri scan at the animal health trust clinic in newmarket, suffolk.	the pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan, last month after his owner noticed a lump behind his ear.	she then took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns in his back.	alfie is now on medication while his wounds heal, but could face surgery to remove some of the skin around the burns.
2500 passengers on board the carnival spirit are at the mercy of the wild seas.	they have been at the mercy of the wild seas since last night, as storms batter the east coast.	one has told the daily telegraph that' there was a large wave that hit at 7.30 last night that tore one of the doors off causing a whole lot of water to come flooding through the deck'.
social services minister scott morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who do n't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits.	the government are about to annouce reforms that will strip parents of welfare benefits if they do n't immunise their kids.	newscorp reported that prime minister tony abbott will announce the reforms alongside mr morrison.
capybara joejoe has almost 60,000 followers on instagram.	the capybara called joejoe has near 60,000 instagram followers and lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy.	add that to his near 5,000 facebook likes and his twitter account that boasts over 1,000 twitter followers and you have yourself one popular rodent.
great white shark is the most deadly of its kind, yet there by following rules and recommendations, it's unlikely you will ever meet one.	thirteen-year-old elio canestri, who was attacked and killed while surfing off the coast of reunion a week ago, was killed by an eight-foot bull shark.	reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years, more per capita than anywhere else in the world.
alex trebek asked:' what is the age of consent?' the first contestant to press his buzzer was tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered:' what is the age of consent?' it is n't unheard of for game show contestants to give embarassingly incorrect answers when under the pressure to buzz first.	tom's answer must have left things feeling slightly awkward in the tv studio.
jack jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend laura cant last christmas.	the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant, which they hoped would have given them a bright future together.	mr jordan was given the news that he was too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live.
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily, 14, were visiting manhattan when they disappeared.	they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health.	iona costello's husband george, the co-owner of costello marine in greenport, died from a heart attack in 2012.	iona is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, george costello sr., 63, who died of a heart attack.
britain's public schools are now the very image of tradition but behind their establishment image lies a history of rebellion and revolution.	the hidden story of some of the country’s most prestigious and best-known public schools -including eton is one of barricades and mutinies so fierce they nearly proved the institutions’ undoing.
mary kay letourneau, vili fualaau, and their two daughters, audrey and georgia, sat down for an exclusive interview with barbara walters on 20/20, which will air on abc friday at 10pm.	letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies.	her 16-year-old sister, georgia, was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested.
the shire of montana gives guests the chance to live like bilbo baggins for just under £200) a night.	the hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a tree stump-shaped troll house.	guests are unable to use their mobile phones indoors they can watch tv or select a title from the home’s collection of books about hobbits.
rock star-turned-politician peter garrett to sell his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney’s affluent eastern suburbs.	hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million.	the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters, emily, grace and may.
warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours.	the april 18 event kicked off in queensland, australia, with a celebration at the movie world australia theme park and ended in los angeles, california, at the hollywood & highland center.	comic book fans around the world dressed up in unison in an attempt to break the record on april 18, 2015.
taronga zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on friday.	the prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the asian elephants at the popular sydney zoo.	taronga's asian elephant herd, including a 728kg monster that was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a sydney royal easter show on friday morning.
elijah cook was last month fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to properly hear the voice of his mother, ahavah cook, for the first time.	but doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible.	elijah failed his first hearing test just 12 hours after being born in coon rapids on january 2.
xue feng returned to his family in houston on friday following his release from beijing's no.	he served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior.	xue was the only american citizen serving a sentence in a chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
matthew hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in manchester's fashionable northern quarter district and hid, asking when confronted' am i scaring you?' in one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours, making off when she switched the light on and saw him.	hall now risks arrest if he enters the area, where each of his terrified victims lived, at any time in the next five years.
after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite, i desperately wanted to get pregnant.	russell was ready to be a father, we were financially secure and after editing a weekly magazine in new york.
frederick's of hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations.	the retailer announced on it's website that it' no longer' has store locations while reminding customers that its' online store offers the same selection of products'.	victoria's secret has been a home run compared to them.
jay kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to his daughter’s birthday party when he leapt onto train tracks last october.	coroner andrew walker expressed his ‘ deepest sympathies’ to mr kantaria’s 37-year-old wife, monica, and his surviving family.
alex perry's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015.	the designer revealed in february that he was enjoying' taking a breather'.	despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa, perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row.
sarah wilson opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life was n't worth living.	she said' people get on with their lives' and while she had n't found a husband, nor had children, she felt increasingly isolated.	she thinks we need to acknowledge this link to tackle the increasing rate of australian women who are being negatively affected by stress and anxiety.
jean wabafiyebazu, 17, and his 15-year-old brother marc drove around canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators.	but the antics of 15-year-old marc and 17-year-old jean wabafiyebazu were brought to a sudden halt on march 30 when a drugs raid went wrong and the older brother was shot dead.	marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder.	court documents read by the national post revealed marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first.
inflatable beauty at wanda plaza commercial complex in eastern china's nanjing city.	cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.	ba di doll is a whopping 30 metres long, seven metres wide.
david etzel is facing an animal cruelty charge after authorities say he bit his mom's lapdog on the face, seriously hurting its eye.	the dog's owner michele etzel told deputies her son, 36-year-old david etzel, had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite etzel.	mrs. etzel said she never intends to speak to her son again.
republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt in separate interviews on tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington.	' marijuana is a gateway drug,' christie said, citing an' enormous addiction problem in this country'.	rubio, who on monday made official his candidacy, said' i think we need to enforce our federal laws'.
supreme court chief justice john roberts reported for jury duty in rockville, maryland on wednesday.	the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives.	however, when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting judge refrained from making roberts answer, saying,' obviously we know what you do for a living, sir.
kenneth stancil is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south.	he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday.	he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss.
national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients.	evidence from one animal study suggests that extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours.
rilie carey, from salem, oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom, jessica.	she starts by confidently singing:' four little ducks went out to play, over the hills and far away'.	mumma duck says quack, quack, quack, but only three little ducks came back.
ashley pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, left her summerville, south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on the evening of april 3.	her sister, brandy chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old emoney bon.	but when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30-year-old man, edward primo bonilla.
christine lillico, 47, from heddon-on-the-wall, northumberland, was trusted with looking after her elderly parents' bank accounts as their health deteriorated with age.	but instead of using the money to care for john and audrey air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle.
one traveller has snapped a picture of himself enduring the close proximity of another passenger's foot.	the images, captured by anonymous travellers, were posted on former flight attendant shawn kathleen's instagram account passenger shaming.
kevin carr, 34, from woolacombe, devon, has become the fastest man to run around the world despite being attacked by bears, hunted by packs of wild dogs, and run over twice.	he began his epic voyage at haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days, beating the previous record by a day.	mr carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported, and instead of a team carrying his equipment, he pushed it along himself in a buggy.
woman was left partially blind after a lightning bolt struck her as she sat in her car.	the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car.	days later, she visited the opticians and was referred to see opthalmologist mohit gupta, who works at pilgrim hospital in boston, england.
haley fox, 24, fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday.	she has been charged with first-degree assault.	fox and campbell, of adger, alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane.	the ivory-coloured piece is hand-embroidered on the inside with the couple's initials and wedding date.	messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows.
marie muldoon's heartwarming shot took out the competition, also snagging the people's choice award.	locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer.	tracey hayes, chief executive of the northern territory cattlemen's association, told the abc that the competition provides a platform for people from remote communities.
former nfl running back lawrence phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate in a central california prison.	phillips is suspected of killing damion soward, a 37-year-old inmate from san bernardino county serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction.	phillips was once one of the nation's top college football players at nebraska.
andrew' drew' butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose, california, in front of the couple's two-year-old son and her two teenage daughters.	police said gonzalez and butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off.	butler got out and dragged her body from the driver’s seat and left it on the road.
ashton wood raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems.	the queenslander launched a public campaign last year asking others to help him destroy his car in protest.	he is now campaigning for the united state's lemon laws to be introduced in australia.
joelison fernandes da silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child and his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying and then refuse to leave the family house for years.	but true happiness eventually found the shy brazilian - who has come to be known as' the gentle giant' - in the form of evem medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
hilary wilson, from whitchurch, shropshire, was technically dead for a 11 minutes.	she had a severe cardiac arrest as her son, felix, was being born.	the mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery.	her older sons sebastian, six, and lucas, four, had both worn a white baby.
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on saturday inside a jail in dhaka.	the assistant secretary general of the jamaat-e-islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war.	qamaruzzaman was behind the killing of 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said.
amy murray, 23, of brightlingsea, essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of fifty shades of grey.	an argument broke out and murray hit jessica deadman, 23, while drunkenly gesturing with her hand.	police were called to the century cinema in clacton-on-sea, essex, on february 18 just before the end of the film.
ana granucci davis, 28, wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis, 31, gave birth to their son andrew lawrence on saturday around 2am.	police said mitchell ran several red lights before driving into mr davis, and his co-worker, brian lee lafrance, 28, fled the scene following the crash.	mr davis, head chef at the kitchen, was walking on central avenue to a parking garage when he was fatally struck by jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am.
sammy griner is pictured with his 39-year-old father justin, who needs a kidney transplant.	his mother, laney griner from jacksonville, florida, set up a gofundme page to raise the $75,000 her husband, justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications.
reality star' mama' june shannon and her estranged husband mike' sugar bear' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago.	billy thompson, center, was last seen on saturday at sugar bear's home in mcintyre, georgia, where mama june's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom.	since then billy has n't been seen and he is n't returning any phone calls or texts.
marianne power attended robbins’ unleash the power within seminarwhich claims to' discover how to identify what it is you really want'.	waivers warning us that what we are about to take part in could result in ‘ physical or emotional injury, paralysis, death.
australia ceo julian clarke was peppered with questions from greens senator and party leader christine milne about why the australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable.	ms milne flatly told the inquiry,' you and i wo n't agree on that'.
tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest instagram snaps to their profile.	the firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile.	tinder has also used facebook to boost its' mutual friends' feature.
austin carey, 23, and jay rawe, 25, plummeted onto a riverbank.	but a year later, both men have returned to the sport.	mr carey was told he may never walk again after being injured.	but he recovered to return to the jump this year.
terrorist group's latest barbaric video shows a large crowd gathering to watch the bloody execution of the men it claims are soldiers fighting for syrian president bashar al-assad.	the executioner calmly wipes the blood from his sharpened blade after the fourth beheading in the six-minute propaganda video which was filmed in the city of al-mayadin.
nigel farage faced claims of a ‘cover-up’ last night for censoring a poll that suggests he is on course for a humiliating personal defeat in the general election.	the secret ukip-commissioned poll, leaked to the mail on sunday, shows that farage has fallen behind his tory opponent in the kent seat he is contesting.	and he is in danger of finishing third, with labour catching up fast.
former air hostess has won a £14.5m london mansion from her' immensely wealthy' 90-year-old saudi arabian ex-husband.	the couple's main marital home had been a £26m' palatial residence' in jeddah, saudi arabia, for which 40 members of staff were employed to keep it ticking over.	but the woman - who did not have any financial input into the properties - moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes.
dr arye shimron says he has ‘confirmed’ the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to jesus and his son in jerusalem.	the research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.	dr shimron’s work has renewed controversy over the talpiot tomb, which was discovered in 1980 and dates back to the second temple period and the time of jesus, the jerusalem post reported.
the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports' annual survey.	this year it was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket.	walmart was ranked the second worst supermarket in consumer reports' annual supermarket survey of america's supermarkets.
jessica mauboy, model maddison brow, and gq editor nick smith were among those who had their lenovo tablets stolen from their seats.	each front row guest was given an $899 lenovo tablet with their gift bag at the show.
sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down.	has taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk.
diorama shows the full extent of the battle of waterloo.	it was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle's bicentenary, which falls on june 18 of this year.	the diorama model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses, illustrating not just the major military events of the battle but also a number of light-hearted vignettes.
new study has suggested the oral contraceptive pill could shrink parts of the brain that govern a woman's emotions.	for the 100 million women worldwide on the contraceptive pill, the side effects are familiar.	mood swings, headaches and nausea, while more serious complications include blood clots and breast cancer.
martynas kupstys, 26, spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road after staff told him he was free to go in august 2014.	the killer was on trial at the time for the murder of ivans zdanovics along with his brother-in-law andrus giedraitis at lincoln crown court.	kupstys posted a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of nazi dictator adolf hitler.	he also waved a saucepan threateningly.
hassan munshi and talha asmal are believed to be' in a state of profound shock'.	they are believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006.	hassan's alleged relative hammaad was only 15-years-old when he joined a terrifying islamic state faction who were targeting the royal family.
starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday, april 28.	cnn reports that bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month.	starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the' nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores'.
izzat ibrahim al-douri died in fighting with government troops in baghdad.	his body was returned to baghdad and delivered to the ministry of health.	al-douri was deputy to saddam when he was deposed following us-led invasion of iraq in 2003.	he was one of saddam's most trusted henchmen, helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup.
silvia, star of the series my extraordinary pregnancy, suffered from pica during her third pregnancy meaning she wanted to eat rocks.	she is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house, saying:' i feel really upset and guilty, i feel ashamed but i have to do it'.
mum-of-two elisha wilson beach is the wife of tv actor michael beach, known for his roles on sons of anarchy, third watch and er.	the picture has divided those who've seen it with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking.
margaret tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years.	the pensioner, 71, says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as' a labour of love'.
national broadcaster nhk said waves were possible on several islands in the southern okinawa chain.	witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage in the taiwan capital.	nhk said the tsunami -- an irregular wave that alters the sea level, and not necessarily a huge event -- were believed to have already arrived at remote yonaguni.
stephanie scott is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, leeton high school on april 5.	the 26-year-old is believed to be held at the venue intended for her wedding which was due to take place six days after she disappeared.	ms scott's body was found by police in cocoparra national park, north of griffith, nsw, on april 10.	tomorrow will be stephanie’s funeral… all are welcome to pay your respects.
new figures released by the mod show that since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues after having been prescribed lariam.	despite lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - being banned by the u.s. military due to concerns over side effects.	mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it in what critics say is an escalating' scandal'.
witnesses say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 african migrants from libya to sicily.	witnesses said they were informed of the alleged attacks by a group of nigerian and ghanaian survivors upon their arrival in palermo, sicily yesterday.	the threats then materialised and 12 people, all nigerian and ghanaian, are believed to have drowned in the mediterranean.
ex-porn star christy mack was in hospital fighting for her life.	she claims koppenhaver, 33, became abusive months into their one-year relationship.	she has to wear a wig and glasses, and is still undergoing reparative dental work.	mack, 23, claims koppenhaver, 33, became abusive four months into their one-year relationship.
scottish national party has extended its huge lead over labour.	jim murphy, its scottish leader, and douglas alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.	the nationalists are also on course to wipe out the liberal democrats in scotland.
admiral kuznetsov, russia's largest warship, came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing.	russian sailors on board the admiral kuznetsov, the country's largest aircraft carrier, have come up with an inegnious way of cleaning the decks.
duchess of cambridge, pictured with prince george.	only giveaway that she was someone special was the diamond and sapphire ring sparkling on her left hand.	helped by his mother, her prominent bump hidden beneath what appeared to be william’s green barbour coat, prince george tenderly gave a bottle of milk.
mandy francis tried out the best brands on the high street with some enthusiastic help from her children stanley, 13, and florence, eight.	the swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
researchers found evidence in rock deposits from ancient rivers in colombia of the land bridge that connected the long-isolated landmasses.	the two continents are linked at panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared, with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago.	south america broke apart from europe and headed on a gradual collision course with south america.
ted cruz implied during a conversation with daily mail online on saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he would n't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug.	the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on colorado and washington for flouting federal law.
deborah, 43, described her naturally curly hair as a' frizz nightmare'.	home colouring has left it dry and out of condition.	taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle.
the antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells.	the scientists behind the discovery believe their findings offer new strategies for fighting or even preventing hiv infection.
rogue staff misled the financial ombudsman – deliberately obstructing its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints.	deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold ppi, or they lied about not being able to trace documents.
brian and joan ogden had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel don pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet.	cctv footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into mr ogden's pocket while her accomplice stands between mr ogden and his wife joan.
vlad tarasov even filmed his journey down the slopes at boston's largest snow farm located in the city's seaport district.	the one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy, trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow.
a detective from the department said officers used a device called hailstorm, which can identify phones from about a city block away.	the details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of hbo’s hit series the wire, the crime drama based in the same city, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.	baltimore police used cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007, amid claims it is ordered to withhold such evidence from prosecutors.
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv’s varsano hotel for 100million israeli shekels (£17.1m).	the chelsea owner, who frequently visits tel aviv on business, is expected to convert the 19th century building into his israeli home.	it is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square meters.
deputy prime minister said there was a' very real danger' that ukip and northern ireland's dup could hold mr cameron to' ransom' in the event of a second hung parliament.	mr clegg's remarks come after mr farage held out an olive branch to the prime minister last night as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government.	mr clegg dropped his demand that the tories ditch mr cameron before any post election deal.
judge judy and jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years.	the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year.	the only place i do n't have any awards out in the bedroom.
new york mayor bill de blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where hillary clinton plans to go with before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign.	de blasio told nbc's meet the press about an possible endorsement for clinton.	he also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality.
the kite, dubbed' centipede with a dragon's head', was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival last saturday in chongqing in south-western china.	but they had overlooked the fact that their kite was so big, it posed a danger to passing aircraft.	chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite - dubbed' centipede with a dragon's head', aiming to break the world record by a massive 1,000 metres.
jemima kirke revealed details about her experience with abortion, admitting that she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure.	the 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released psa for the center of reproductive rights, an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom.	she says she needed her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia.
jondrew megil lachaux, an ex-convict and kellie cherie phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a north las vegas home.	north las vegas police officer aaron patty said the four-month-old child was released from a hospital and turned over on monday to the custody of clark county child protective services.	police in north las vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl's mother.
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust.	poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology — something that had n't happened by late monday.	polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled.
izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to hospital on april 6 with a skull fracture.	he was pronounced dead the next day, police sgt.	justin and stacy gillen, the boy's parents, said on wednesday in a statement that they are deeply saddened by the loss of their son.
researchers studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site cnn.com, political news site breitbart.com and gaming site ign.com.	it has built an algorithm that can recognise a potential troll with an accuracy of 80 per cent by scanning their comments.
dr sahar hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at leicester square station.	she denied assaulting the two workers, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central london because she is a muslim woman.	but hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs - and she could face disciplinary action from the general medical council.
pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century.	the property is one of the last surviving bungalows in britain that were built on the design of victorian houses in india.	historians eager to put it forward for listing to further protect its heritage.
mailonline's photographer spotted the burned and torn passport of loving wife mabel anthonysamy soosai, 45, one of the 298 slaughtered when mh17 was shot out of the sky nine months ago.	her family in kuala lumpur has given mailonline permission to publish the picture.
emma dickson, of edinburgh, was left fighting for her life when her lung collapsed after she had been taking the contraceptive pill.	the 31-year-old had two blood clots in her lungs, which led to a condition which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married.	doctors told her she had developed blood clots which had moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism.
downing centre local court showed the security footage of the altercation between irishman barry lyttle and his younger brother, patrick, during a sentence hearing on wednesday.	prosecutor alex poulos called for barry, from belfast in ireland's north, to face a full-time jail term as it was the' only appropriate sentence' after the violent incident in sydney in january.	barry lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty to the charge.
geologist dr danny hilman believes a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 years ago.	it is the largest site of its kind in indonesia.	it's nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885) above sea level some 75 miles (120km) south of jakarta.
immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for £29.95 ($45).	it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores.	it additionally lets people watch 3d movies - all for the relatively cheap price of £29.99 ($45).
the homeless period project hopes to shred the taboo around females living on the streets and their monthly cycle.	a campaign video tells the story of a woman called patricia, who slept rough on the streets of brixton for six months.	she has since been housed in a flat by south london homeless charity spires.
the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed that the washington supreme court did not act unreasonably when it rejected clark elmore’s claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial.	elmore, who was convicted of killing kristy ohnstad in bellingham after he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child, received the federal court's ruling on wednesday.	elmore claimed his rights were violated during the trial because his attorney gave him bad advice and the jury saw him in shackles.
obama says likely republican presidential candidate scott walker may change his' foolish' position on a deal with iran on' day one'.	obama's jab at walker, the governor of wisconsin, departed from the white house's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president, who is prohibited by the constitution from seeking another term.
photos of the area's' notorious' dive bar, terminal, have been preserved by the bartender and photographer who served drinks to pimps, prostitutes and destitute new yorkers.	photos taken from behind the bar at terminal bar, a 41st street and 8th avenue watering hole open until 1982, show a side of times square that has disappeared in the glare of coca cola advertisements.	sheldon nadelman, a young bartender who is now 80, would watch as prostitutes hid behind newsstands and trash cans to avoid being seen.
clinicians are in an ‘ impossible situation’ as a result of the king family’s flight to spain.	ashya was being treated in southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year.	ashya was made a ward of court by portsmouth council before a national outcry led to their release.
divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade.	the recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean, such as sharks and sting rays.
new data is giving fascinating insights into how the world sleeps.	using statistics from sleep cycle app users, researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa.	in terms of national average sleep quality, slovakia topped the list.
dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels.	the iconic volkswagen westfalia camper is about to get greener, because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a volkswagen board member revealed.	no images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the floor.
andrew danziger claims that virtually all airmen believe in unidentified flying objects and that he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between kansas and iowa in april 1989.	the aviator, who has 28 years of cockpit experience, said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing below the clouds.	he explained that the captain of the aircraft, named only as bruce, also spotted the foreign object that appeared similar to the moon.
charlotte bevan had come off risperidone – a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.	the 30-year-old walked out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms.	police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near the clifton suspension bridge.
brad reynolds has become the travel website’s top contributor, writing more than 3,300 reviews and uploading nearly 40,000 photos in just five years.	the 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of hong kong, providing opinion and travel tips.	he has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries, with a map on his tripadvisor profile claiming he has travelled more than 600,000 miles.
aaron hernandez is accused of killing daniel abreu, 29, and safirdo furtado, 28, from cape verde, in july 2012 after a nightclub altercation over a spilled drink.	a jury panel in fall river, massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict.
stacey eden, 23, stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter' bullying' the sydney commuter on an airport line train around 1:40pm on wednesday afternoon.	ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing.	a police spokeswoman contacted daily mail australia on thursday to say they would' definitely encourage' witnesses of the incident to come forward.
the groom's brother was caught on camera as he lost control of a kalashnikov while firing a celebratory round into the air.	the 30-second clip, believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone has been viewed nearly 140,000 times.
ayatollah hossein dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in iran, made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country.	it is the latest controversial teaching put forward by dehnavi, who also warned that if women did not wear the hijab - the veil covering the hair and chest - properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
linda macdonald, 55, was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol monday night in dummerston, vermont.	police say the woman from shelburne, massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30pm when she ran off route 5 in dummerston, vermont and crashed her 2011 toyota camry into a wooden fence.	but when officers smelled alcohol on macdonald, they administered a.10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of.08.
kim kardashian shared a snap of herself on instagram yesterday, while decorating colourful easter baskets, the stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter.	kim appeared to be filling four baskets with plenty of treats including chocolate bunnies, peeps marshmallows and jelly belly jellybeans.
pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water.	health minister jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water, saying he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle.	comes after concerned medical professionals described evans' standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming australian tap water.
sevdet besim, from melbourne's south-east, was charged with' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the melbourne magistrates court.	he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24.	mr besim is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an' isis inspired' attack on an anzac day ceremony following the raids.
over 700 guests and models, including superstars cara delevingne, anna wintour and the entire beckham brood.	the event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on rodeo drive that opened in november.	christopher bailey's meteoric rise through the ranks at burberry hit new heights after the yorkshire-born designer was named ceo at just 42-years-old back in 2013.
madeline luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at ps 18, in manhattan, wrote words like' ugly',' annoying' and' phony' on the board to describe their classmate.	the 40-year-old has now launched court action against the city's education department as she attempts to get her licence back so she can work in another school.
researchers studying chimps in uganda say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads cutting across their territory.	they found at a busy asphalted road through the sebitoli area of kibale national park in uganda, the chimps have learned to look for traffic.	it is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to change their behaviour to adapt to busy roads.
gwyneth paltrow, 42, and chris martin, 38, have finalized their divorce.	sources tell the site the divorce was amicable.	they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement.
mariel hemingway was just 16 years old when she starred as woody allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy' manhattan'.	as the granddaughter of ernest hemingway, there was a dark side to her last name, which the now has recounted in two new novels, released tuesday.
mikaeel kular, 34, beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in kircaldy, fife, in january last year.	his mother, rosdeep adekoya, beat her three-year-old mikaeel for being sick and left him to die in agony over three days.	she then told police her child had wandered off, sparking a major two-day search operation involving emergency services and hundreds of volunteers.
us department of the treasury officials insist the $20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia.	they argued that joan langbord and her sons can not lawfully own the coins, which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003.	langbord's father, jeweler israel switt, had dealings with the mint in the 1930s and was twice investigated over his coin holdings.
tugce taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in istanbul and hit another car coming the other way.	witnesses said it was a' miracle' that friend adem kilic, 31, who is in a critical condition in hospital, survived the horror crash.
laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model.	revealed she was very resistant to taking up a career as a fashion model.	wells has seen the shocking sacrifices they make to keep skinny.
ed balls has ruled out any post-election pact with the snp.	the shadow chancellor said he was' unequivocal' that he would not allow sturgeon's party to dictate a deal at england's expense.	ed miliband has insisted labour will not form a coalition with the snp but has so far stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a labour administration.
researchers found use of e-cigarettes at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups, bar the oldest (15 to 16 year olds).	experts at cardiff university found most of those teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers.	this suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits.
steve miller is on a mission to tackle britain’s obesity crisis.	the former fat families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming.	believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population.
oregon-based defense contractor flir systems inc. has agreed to pay $9.5 million to settle bribery charges filed by the securities and exchange commission that involved expensive trips and gifts given to middle eastern government officials.	the commission said the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts.	the company also arranged travel for saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in beirut, casablanca, dubai, new york and paris.
police chief greg suhr announced in a statement friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.	he called the texts' despicable' and says those who sent them' clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer.	suhr says six others will face disciplinary actions that include reassignment to positions that do n't have contact with the public.
the duchess of cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey, produced in late spring by the bees in her wiltshire garden.	just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity.
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning.	during a 2011 incident involving two guns when he playing for the tampa bay buccaneers, talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in garland, texas.	talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011.
schools adjudicator criticised the oratory school in london for engaging in ‘ social selection’, saying it had broken the rules in 105 different ways.	state-funded school in fulham, west london, was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year after the watchdog decided it was biased against working-class children.
kestutis martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him, claiming they breached his human rights.	the 52-year-old, who is wanted for 22 crimes in lithuania, spun out the legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill, leaving the british public to foot the bill.
the woman, 84, is in critical condition after being run over by her husband.	she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones, and one onlooker said the woman was' covered in blood'.
prasanna ‘nick’ arulchelvam died when he fell from a van while chasing a gang of thieves.	mr prasanna had just finished his purchases when he returned to his silver transit van and loaded a large box containing 21 smaller boxes of cigarettes in his van.	mr prasanna then gave chase as he saw a separate van speeding off.
walkers have been warned about deliberate attempts to kill their animals.	grim discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby brighton and hove.	dog owners now being warned by sussex police to be aware when they are out walking their animals.
police chief terry rozema spoke out on wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary.	the footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use.
darlene feliciano, 27, was out on the makapuu'tom-tom' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell.	firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm friday.	about 40 minutes later, first responders discovered feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka.
the randolph hotel, in oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon.	smoke billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control.	firefighters will remain overnight at the scene of the fire, which is not believed to be suspicious.
eurocamp's safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas.	we visited l'ardéchoise site in the ardèche region in south central france at the end of august.	about an hour-and-half's drive from the south and montpellier airport, it's known as the gastronomic centre of france.
coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread.	it was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough.
carwyn scott-howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell, nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn, 19, in the alps.	he was on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell and husband rhys, a former butcher, rent out self-catering cottages and run a farm.	carwyn's parents, ex-nurse mrs scott-howell, nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn, 19.
militants fighting for the islamic state in iraq have brutally beheaded four men accused of theft, before displaying their bodies on railings in a town square.	the photographs show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions.
australian fashion report has named and shamed some of the worst performing companies by the 2015 australian fashion report.	amongst the best performers were etiko, audrey blue, cotton on, h & m and zara.	none of the 59 companies could prove they were paying a full living wage.
authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids.	it took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring the blaze under control, officials said.	residents are evacuated from their home in a village close to the fire at the chemical plant.	exposure to the chemical can cause eye, nose and throat irritation.
dante gabriel rossetti's muse fanny cornforth died at the graylingwell hospital on february 24, 1909, at the age of 74.	she was considered one of his' stunners' - a reference to the women he kept in his company as lovers and models.	she went on to pose for at least 60 of his artworks.	he founded the pre-raphaelite brotherhood in 1848 with contemporaries william holman and john everett millais.
the disused rhondda tunnel was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks, a project which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network in britain.	engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route.	it was shut down as part of the sweeping beeching report, which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network.
amjad yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home.	the schoolboy said the isis fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before isis carried out a bloody assault.	ibrahim abdel fatah said he saw heads cut off by isis in the palestinian camp of yarmouk.
video shows two of the £126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray, scotland.	first of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines, while the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways.	video was taken on the same day typhoons were deployed by the royal air force as two russian long-range bear bombers, capable of carrying nuclear missiles, hugged british airspace.
scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights, stopping by 13 countries along the way in europe and north america.	along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service.
cheryl silvonek's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia.	her boyfriend, caleb barnes, 20, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.	district attorney jim martin had opposed the petition on behalf of the teenager, who is charged with homicide.
neil patrick harris and david burtka's twins prefer much more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old.	in a recent interview, david, 39, explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed le cordon bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children's culinary tastes.
sky newsreader has revealed how an easter holiday outing with her family saw ‘ blood and saliva flying’ between her boisterous sons in the backseat.	miss simmonds is married to phillip davies, the owner of online auction business flogit4u, and the couple have a daughter aged four and six.
new data, released by the united nations, shows how the number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million over the last 25 years.	there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons.
cecil hamilton-miller was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945.	mr hamilton-miller, who died in 2001, struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of belsen, his family has said today.	cecil hamilton-miller, from kensington, london, was part of the team that prosecuted dozens of the men and women responsible.
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands.	they were arrested as part of a separate joint investigation with the dutch national police.	paul monk was wanted on suspicion of conspiracy to supply cocaine and conspiracy to supply cannabis.	he is wanted on suspicion of conspiracy to supply cocaine and conspiracy to supply cannabis.
elijah mccrae's parents, jessica and andrew, remembered the' happiest baby ever', after he died in his mother's arms on monday evening.	' it is with a heavy heart, that our baby elijah has passed away.	he passed peacefully in my arms'.
joseph o'riordan, 73, stabbed his wife amanda eight times after he discovered she had been having an affair with a postman.	she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back.	o'riordan, who was a councillor at the time, rang an ambulance after the attack in october last year and admitted what he had done during the 999 call.
prime minister is already showing the strain of a punishing campaign trail.	david cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair.	he has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers, and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
gold coast developer bernie elsey introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters.	the move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters.	local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always displayed.
gen. singh tweeted last night in response to channel quoting him saying he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the pakistan high commission on the occasion of pakistan's national day.	but the comment has not gone down well with journalists, and the broadcast editors’ association found the tweet to be offensive.
zoe hadley, 19, also known as zoe hommel, who hanged herself in a hotel room in putney, south west london last year.	the teenage daughter of a leading solicitor hanged herself in a hotel room after years of suffering a mystery illness.	inquest heard that doctors could find no physical cause for her illness.
graduate jacob phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark.	mr phillips, 23, was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade, a rocky area at the base of the cliff.
bernadette forde was found dead in a wheelchair in the sitting room of her home in dublin on june 6, 2011, with a dictaphone which had recorded her' suicide note'.	in the first trial of its kind in ireland, the carer of the 51-year-old, gail o'rorke, has been charged with helping her to kill herself.	she was found dead in her wheelchair with a recorded' suicide note' saying she could n't live anymore.
tesla model s p85d's' insane mode' may be fast, but a new electric car by drive eo is set to be even faster.	the stomach-churning vehicle, dubbed eo pp03, runs on 50 kwh lithium-ion battery pack driving six yasa-400 electric motors.	it is capable of producing 1020 kw (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h).
the world’s largest aerospace company is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins, which will be available on its 737 family of planes.	designed for future aircraft which will be used by the likes of delta air lines and alaska airlines, the ‘ space bins’ can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the fleet of 737s.	boeing said the redesigned bins can hold six standard-sized bags – two more than the current set-up.
larissa knipe is pictured with her son logun and sister leanne bourne.	ms bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens - and still has bad days when she ca n't stop crying.
daisy goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19.	she says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then.	i am desperate for my guests to leave so i don’t just want to scratch.
shoshana of sylvania, ohio, was traveling home after visiting a sister in california when was removed from the frontier airlines flight after it landed sept. 11, 2011.	she was seated next to two indian-american men, whom crew members had said spent a lot of time in the plane's bathroom.	hebshi, of sylvania, ohio, has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion.
peter reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from kent parked on an ocean shores beach on thursday around 7pm in their new nissan infiniti when their tires got stuck in the sand.	the tide was 30 feet from where they were parked, but within a few minutes it was hitting their car.	reece and his fiancee were able to get out of the car, but the grandmother and child were stuck in the car because the wet sand surrounding them was keeping the doors shut.	seconds after the incident and a bulldozer was used to flip it on its right side before it was towed to the road.
kate winslet was a vision in blue at a london film premiere this week.	her stunning body-con dress (top) had clearly been made to measure by stella mccartney.	but nonetheless she commands an out-of-the-ordinary uk size-nine shoe.
islamic state have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats.	the image of the rules began to circulate on social media, two weeks after islamic state was forced to abandon the iraqi city of tikrit.	specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of isis fighters have been deemed by isis as a breach of online security.
kate hudson, pharrell williams and gwen stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth, showing little to no signs of ageing over the past decade.	femail rounds up the celebrities whose faces have n't changed for at least 10 years.
oxford and cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the river thames in london as the men for the first time in the 87 years they have competed.	president constantine louloudis claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race between oxford and cambridge today.	oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race between oxford and cambridge.
tibor racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle, north of sydney, on sunday night when they were attacked.	the attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested by on friday after the incident took place on sunday night at charlestown square shopping centre, newcastle.	the incident took place outside the charlestown square shopping centre in newcastle, north of sydney.
martin burgess clock b is based on a design by carpenter john harrison from 300 years ago.	it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory, in greenwich, to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days.
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months.	their debts spiralled out of control are getting their lives back on track.	but the desperate couple then had their benefits cut.	philip, 42, has now started work as a stock manager at jason's firm prymo.
conservative chairman grant shapps said:' the only way that ed miliband might crawl through the gates of no10 now is if he’s carried there by the snp.	it would be a disaster.	it will be the first time that the snp has ever set out policies designed for other parts of the uk – even though people in england, wales and northern ireland can not vote for them.
phillip and gaby had been called in to fix a leak in the beckle-raymond's three bedroom property in north london.	instead, they left phillip, his wife gaby and their two young children, orion and aurielle, in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with £17,000 of their money.	gaby explains on channel 5 show britain's horror homes.
aaron hernandez looked full of promise in his 2007 high school yearbook picture.	he was a key part of the new england patriots offense, played in the super bowl and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $40million.	hernandez was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in his senior year.
jack cordero, from portland, oregon, vomited all over the floor of a powell’s bookstore in the city in march.	the manager said the mess was ‘gigantic’ and had to clean it up, along with her assistant manager.
nyia parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county, maryland overnight saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person.	police say she traveled to maryland from pennsylvania either last sunday or monday after leaving her 21-year-old son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a bible.	parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground, 10 feet from his wheelchair and the bible.
amanda chatel explained in her essay for your tango that adoption of the' yes means yes' laws to be passed in states across the country.	the' yes means yes' law, which was first passed in california in 2014, is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra' no means no'.
the buyer, wendy wei mei wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with slipper island, which is located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand's north island.	the 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass is a 15 minute ferry ride from north island.	it boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views.
stacey johnson was diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2007 and has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.	her sister dannii, now 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour, called an astrocytoma, had just been told her brain tumour had grown when she was dealt another blow - her sister dannii also had a growth in her brain.	stacey, now 22, and dannii (right) have grown up sharing their toys and clothes, and now find themselves battling ill.
clarence david moore, 66, was at the former polk youth institute in butner, north carolina, serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny.	he admitted to being a fugitive who escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate, president richard nixon occupied the white house, us forces were still fighting in vietnam and a single ride on the new york city subway cost 30 cents.	moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades.
new tns survey shows snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month.	new tns survey shows the snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month, with 52 per cent now backing ms sturgeon with only 24 per cent of scots planning to vote for mr miliband.
prince ottaviano di toscana is aiming to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism.	vandals have destroyed historic monuments, an influx of fast-food outlets now line the major thoroughfares and binge-drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets and sleeping rough.	prince ottaviano worries that florence's cultural significance has been radically altered.
christine davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001.	her husband ronny and their two daughters symantha, 40, and kelly, 38, were happily married for 41 years before she passed away.	the family has launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned.
president barack obama became the first president to visit jamaica since thursday.	prime minister simpson miller told president obama the citizens of her country loved him, and she loved him as well.	jamaica's leader also asked president obama to exonerate black nationalist leader marcus garvey.
sabrina morrison, from mesa, first raped his niece sabrina morrison in 2007.	sheriff joe arpaio's office over a three-year period ending in 2007.	sheriff's deputies told her the rape kit had shown no evidence of a rape.
trevor noah and his stunning south african girlfriend dani gabriel broke up after the pair discussed his future plans and exploding fame.	noah has known gabriel for at least four years and it’s believed they began dating early in 2014.	but following behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year with comedy central – it was clear noah’s career was about to explode.
lily sharp took a joke too far after convincing her own mother she had been kidnapped.	she began her prank by convincing her mother that she had allowed a stranger to enter their home.	she then took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible.	lily then plays on her mother's fears by pretending that the intruder now has possession of the phone simply replying.
jill scott apologised for headbutting jade bailey during her side's 1-0 defeat by arsenal on sunday.	england international apologised for the incident after the game as city fell to a 1-0 reverse.	city manager nick cushing described scott's actions as' out of character'.
a skier in switzerland proved that his dog is certainly his best friend when he brought it along to a snowy slope for a day of skiing.	videoed descending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of minschuns in val müstair, adrian schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift.	mr schaffner points his skis down the mountain and takes off at speed with the dog remaining calmly sat on his back.
vin loss, 24, gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world.	vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face, neck, chest, and arms' embody pop culture'.	vin los, 24, stars in a new campaign for underwear brand garçon model that showcases his extensive body art.
sarah watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender at a christmas party for the team.	but the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star marcus rojo.
eamon sullivan and girlfriend naomi bass recently got engaged on a trip to japan.	the smitten couple met in perth in 2011, and sullivan proposed to bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in kyoto.	naomi said "gee this is so romantic ; it would be a good spot for someone to propose".
paul simon topped the uk albums chart for the first time in 25 years.	his album outsold those by the likes of ed sheeran, james bay and sam smith.	simon's recent tour with sting is believed to have been the catalyst in helping to propel him to the top of the charts.
easter is over for the wild rabbits of greater sydney as councils and parks prepare another attempt to kill them off with strategically placed carrots that have been laced with a deadly virus.	feral rabbits, which are deemed a pest in nsw, are liekly to br targeted with the calicivirus, also known as rabbit haemorrhagic disease (rhd), in may.	it comes after 30 bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in march.
tv presenter guy martin is facing a police probe after reviewing the new aston martin.	the 33-year-old, who presents speed with guy martin on channel 4, wrote a review of the vanquish carbon edition supercar, which costs £203,000, after test driving it on the isle of man's tt course.	he wrote of how he pressed the accelerator' flat to the floor' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of sulby, which is part of the tt race.
police in mesquite, texas arrived to find a crashed car burning as the driver lay unconscious behind the wheel.	valles' clothes had begun to burn as officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get 25-year-old hector valles out of his suv and stamp out his burning clothes.	moments later, while nielson and soto were still dragging valles across the pavement, the fire in his suv erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior.
the extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin.	the watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm goldgenie and are part of their apple watch spectrum collection.
bryan stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game.	the father-of-two, who had been a paramedic, was left in a medically induced coma for several months.	two men jumped mr stow and kicked and punched him until he fell to the ground.
johanna powell is feared to have drowned while on a dream holiday in south east asia.	the 37-year-old was sailing on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the mekong river in laos with three friends when it hit a rock in a stretch of rapids.	rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her, in one of the most isolated parts of the country.
poets house is a swish new hotel in ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral, offering terrific value.	it's to say that poets house is glossy and lavish, but manages to stay on the right side of kitsch, not least because the finish is so good.
judy murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year.	but it is still unlikely either of them will manage to outshine kim, pictured leaving the cathedral with her soon-to-be husband andy on friday.
cadbury has snatched two chocolate fingers from its famous packs – reducing the number to 22.	the move is the latest evidence of how the nation’s favourite brands and supermarkets are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices.
ed miliband pledged to crackdown on the illegal exploitation of migrant workers by promising a home office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers.	the ukip leader said he was right about some migrants being exploited but insisted it was not the main issue.	but nigel farage and tory immigration minister james brokenshire dismissed mr miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
iconic uk brand topshop and topman is set to launch a second store in nsw at westfield miranda on thursday 16th april.	in a nod to it's english heritage, the brand will pull out all stops, chauffeuring fashion influencers in london black cabs in the lead up to the event and host four full days of shopper specials.
jerry tarkanian announced her son's stroke on twitter.	his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs.	his family said he's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement.
heather mack, 19, could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother, 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack, whose body was then stuffed inside a suitcase.	yasona, indonesia’s justice and human rights minister, called in unexpectedly at kerobokan prison, where the 19-year-old is caring for baby stella.	indonesia’s justice and human rights minister called in unexpectedly at kerobokan prison.
transgender boy was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty after years of living in misery.	judge michael kent was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras and starving himself.
tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland's speed-camera laws.	he says he was in a meeting with top judges when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year.	mr morris says he planned to challenge parts of queensland's speed-camera laws.
orrden williams jr. says he was outside a bp gas station in memphis, tennessee, when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended upon the establishment.	williams, who was with a baby, asked the teens to be quiet, and soon after was sucker punched and attacked.	staff inside the store had to hold shut the doors as the teens tried to break in, seemingly ready to attack again.
ohio court of claims on friday granted the money to wiley bridgeman, 60, and kwame ajamu, 57, and the brothers' attorneys said compensation for lost wages has yet to be determined and awarded.	bridgeman, ajamu, and ricky jackson, now 59, were sent to death row after aggravated murder convictions in the slaying of cleveland businessman harry franks in 1975.
tv chef gizzi erskine appears with her pet kimchi in cat magazine, puss puss.	the stylish cook, 35, posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat.	included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe, jellied fish heads, a seafood sculpture made of octopus, lobster and prawns.
passenger jin pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed, leaving him hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after he broke a toilet he was squatting on.	passenger jin pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it smashed to the ground.	according to airport officials he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was' worried it might not be clean'.
kazi islam, 18, sent messages via his blackberry to harry thomas, 19, praising lee rigby's killers and encouraging him to buy parts for a bomb.	the court heard that islam, from manor park, east london, met mr thomas at barking and dagenham college in october 2013, and immediately began manipulating him.	islam lied to him about suffering a break-up of his own, saying:' coming back to islam helped me'.
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park, central victoria at 9.30am on good friday.	the 11-year old was camping in the national forest with his family, and it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.	luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
andrews, who currently plays with the los angeles kings, was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond friday.	stoll, 32, who co-hosts dancing with the stars and works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports, was seen being visited by a friend at the home she reportedly shares with stoll the day after he was arrested.	stoll was asked whether the powder in the pink baggie was cocaine and answered yes, according to the police report.
dr frederic brandt, who killed himself a week ago, said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death.	many believed that he was' hurt' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old's decision to take his own life.	fredric was a dear friend but he was also very vain and to be parodied this way must have hurt.
toby perkins, deputy chairman of the labour election campaign, revealed in an email that his interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts.	an email sent by toby perkins, who is deputy chairman of the labour election campaign as well as mp for chesterfield, revealed that interns are paid just £25 per week for working 12-hour days.	labour's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class britons by increasing the minimum wage to £8 per hour.
dave rickard and his wife brenda were on holiday when daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.	daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar.	daisy has now recovered from the ordeal.
researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office.	reports suggest the north sea has warmed four times faster than the global average.	this could fall as the north sea warms and this could increase the price of fish and chips.
peter morris was devastated when his sister, claire, died in a car crash.	he then deliberately crashed their car and set it on fire so claire had no hope of survival.	webster had drugged his wife at their home in the scottish village of tarves.	they had settled after their wedding, before taking her for a drive.
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs at pnc park on monday night when she was hit by a foul ball.	she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind by the cubs' starlin castro and careered into her head.
kelly rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to france when a california court awarded custody to her ex-husband daniel giersch, 40, and she pleaded for the order to be reversed.	rutherford's lawsuit stating that her children were illegally deported from the united states was dismissed once and for all by a new york court.	giersch, who is a german citizen residing in france, was deported from the u.s. over allegations of visa fraud.
natalie swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day.	she stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.	miss swindells will have two bowls of rice krispies with milk for breakfast.
peter kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend.	the argument escalated and kelly was attacked and died at the scene.	kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers.
a man (left) was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver for hitting his car on one of america's busiest highways.	the aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of route 95 near baltimore, maryland.	the truck driver tried to ward off his attacker, even swinging what appears to be a tire iron at one point, but still the beating continued.	tommy solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight.
dozens of syrians queue for food in the islamic state's self-declared capital of raqqa.	it's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity that terror group's slick pr machine would like the world to believe.	the city suffers from a shortage of electricity where the power goes off for 21 hours in the day.
the leaders of places with names like molossia, westarctica, vikesland and broslavia are coming together at the anaheim central library for microcon 2015.	these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money.	many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty.
football-mad logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise.	he died in what spanish police have described as an' accidental drowning'.	emergency services dashed to the pool on saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing cpr on logan, they were unable to save him.
ukip leader nigel farage meets local people in broadstairs, kent, as he continues his campaign trail for the south thanet seat at the general election.	mr farage was out in thanet south today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament.	mr cameron was overheard telling his wife samantha they should have another baby.
illinois state associate coach torrey ward, meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the cessna 414 crashed near bloomington, illinois, shortly after midnight on tuesday.	the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis, and ward had made a tweet showing off his transport to the game.	he posted a picture of an aircraft different to the cessna on twitter with the words' my ride to the game was n't bad'.
liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm edt/2033gmt from cape canaveral air force station in florida.	but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark.	the company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed falcon 9 rocket from cape canaveral, florida, at 4:10 pm et tomorrow.
shona banda, 37, was forwarded on monday to the finney county district court.	possible charges include possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment.	no arrests have been made.	banda wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis to treat her debilitating crohn's disease.
st peter port in guernsey is one of the key locations for the heritage festival.	there is a soft swell of conversation as afternoon tea is served, a clink of cutlery on crockery, the discreet burble of tea.
police took to social media to warn homeowners about the' housebreakers code'.	but the squiggles are actually thought to be a' code' for crooks.	it features a graphic with eight different codes and what they might mean.	they also said there was nothing to suggest the markings in the area.
tommy connolly had n't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on facebook out of the blue in december.	he messaged his 17-year-old cousin angela* (name has been changed for legal reasons) to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant.	mr connolly said he did n't think twice about helping her.
frances bean cobain has admitted she's not a big fan of her late father kurt's music in a candid new interview.	the frontman's daughter revealed she's not really into nirvana.
anil saxena, from mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field.	he prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques.	he believes colour grading is paramount.
boredpanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their' true nerdy colours' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters, like princess leia from star wars.	another baby is dressed as widely-recognisable nintendo character mario, complete with tiny dungarees, the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache.
britain's got talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow.	the auditions for the nationwide search for a brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen.	but after the tv cameras subside, their show at the royal variety performance is over.
eighteen firefighters freed the havana cob called cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool in the warm weather.	the white havana cob is pictured with tyler whimster, 13, son of his owner tracey hannant.	she said she thought the horse had probably jumped in for a swim and praised london fire brigade crews who came to the rescue.
witnesses told police pastor aracely meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a' demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day.	church member nazareth zurita said the toddler, whose name has not been released, fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him' due to his demon possession'.	in the shocking video, meza is seen next to a man who appears to be her husband pastor daniel meza.
oxford scientists say a mercury-like body struck the young earth (artist's illustration shown).	the object would have been the heat source for our planet's core.	it could also explain why our planet has a hot core that gives it its magnetic field.
david cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending.	spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years.	david cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending.
police say the man, a garbage truck driver, was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward, pinning him between the vehicle and a pole.	paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.	workcover are investigating the incident, police said.
the hatton garden gem heist missed the most crucial cctv footage so far until it was flagged up by a shocked worker more than one week later.	the worker had reportedly contacted 101 - the police non-emergency number - on monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid.	scotland yard has already come under fire for its handling of the heist, with the ex-head of the flying squad john o’connor criticising the decision.
a tiny ten by six mile speck in the south atlantic 1,200 miles from the coast of west africa.	it lay undiscovered for around 14 million years able to evolve its own unique flora and fauna untouched by the outside world.	but almost from the moment portuguese explorer juan de nova was blown there by the trade winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size.
morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for muslim customers.	two-year-old faizaan ali was among the first to sample the sweets in the chain's blackburn store.	two-year-old faizaan ali, nine, tucks in to the treats at one of 10 stores around britain chosen to trial the new scheme.
james ward, 31, of burnley, lancashire, also had several fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back.	mr ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children because he fears his attackers will kill him if he does.
jessica knight ca n't stop eating carpet underlay and the stuffing from soft furnishings.	doctors say they are unable to treat jessica until she is six years old.	miss will, 36, first noticed the problem when jessica was two and began eating.
bernard whalen's new book' the nypd's first fifty years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret kkk members.	whalen charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898 when the new york area's 18 independent police forces merged into one.	a variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total.
amanda taylor, of blacksburg, was apprehended in north carolina last sunday following a multi-state manhunt sparked by the murder of her former relative by marriage, 59-year-old charles taylor, who was discovered stabbed to death at his home near ellet april 4.	police say amanda taylor turned on him as the two were fleeing police.	taylor's suspected partner in crime, 32-year-old sean ball, was found wounded on the blue ridge parkway in north carolina after the 24-year-old woman allegedly tried to kill him.
hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice.	femail investigates what it's like to' live' the life of a celebrity for a day.
almost half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p stores, poundstretcher, b & m bargains and wilkinsons are now middle class.	experts have said 57 per cent of adults in the uk claim to use a discount store like poundland every week because the' stigma' of shopping in budget stores has ended, experts revealed.
90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time.	dr lara briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines.
bernie madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer's girlfriend to become his mistress.	madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion ponzi style fraud.	he is said to have met eboli at a christmas party in 1997 at the montauk yacht club with his son mark, who later committed suicide over his father's fraudulent activities.
edwin' jock' mee allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.	it is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon.	edwin' jock' mee arriving at southwark crown court, where he is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes.
a firefighter watches the blaze shot well over 100 feet into the air.	the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside highway 99.	it was not clear what caused the explosion at the fresno county sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
dane bowers is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee, 31-year-old glamour model sophie cahill in front of her young son, causing a bloody nose.	bowers, of no fixed address, was charged with common assault in connection with an incident which took place in february.	former another level star, 35, is due to appear before magistrates in south london next month.
ellie harrison said she completely' accepts' that she will fall out of favour on countryfile.	she told the mirror:' it's a funny business and the nature of the beast with females is that what you get is not down to you'.
terry mccarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him.	the 29-year-old, from hawthorne, nevada, endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms.	but he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years.
sarah vine says the bbc need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear.	but i think i’m perfect for the job, and my principal qualification is entirely basic.	i like the mad ones with manual chokes.
douglas murphy was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag.	the 47-year-old barely registered it at the time, the scrape almost cost him his right leg.	a cut so small it was hardly visible, causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug.
peter tait, the headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset, claimed parents have become'dervishes' about their children's education.	mr tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child.	parents need to keep their distance and use their intuition to trust schools and teachers.
the unnamed man, who died from variant creutzfeldt-jakob (vcjd) disease in may 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms, a cdc report has revealed.	the report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted uk beef before he moved to the united states in the 1990s.
duke and duchess of cambridge's second child will have a lesser effect at the tills.	experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect.	however, the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term.
peter hiett, a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution, said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences.	the 49-year-old, who worked at the jail for eight years and was commended for bravery, said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold, while others' turned a blind eye to it'.	he also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow, south west london.
british company swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron, for £279.99.	but does it really make things easier? tessa cunningham finds out.	cut my ironing time by half.
niamh geaney, a 26-year-old tv presenter from dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed twin strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.	niamh found her match in karen branigan, 29, a fellow ireland native who lives just an hour down the road, making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together.	niamh said the pair got on' very well' as they both applied make-up before the shoot, swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities.
stephanie scott was a' favourite teacher' to many students at leeton high school.	local leeton parents have expressed anger over the loss of their children's' favourite teacher' as the town continues to mourn the death of stephanie scott.
gigi hadid and jing wen have channeled their inner' beauty queens' to pose up in some of the spring season’s hottest runway looks for a fashion and beauty spread.	the magazine's global fashion director, carine roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with jing wen, laura james, anna cleveland, ondria hardin, antonia wilson, kitty hayes, paige reifler for the spread.
zhao pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in south-eastern china's fujian province.	both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march.	chinese media reported at the time that the baby boy had been' catapulted' from his mother's womb' as the truck ran over her, ending up ten feet away from her.
dina nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto.	appearing alongside her mother and nemtsov's partner, ekaterina odintsova, 37, the young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design.	dina, who runs her own pr agency, wrote on instagram:' debut fashion shoot of my daughter dina lookbook for @ beloezoloto.
photographer anthony barbour, 33, from liverpool, takes his camera everywhere.	he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina to shoot the photographs.	mr barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness.
charlotte puckers up with the fullips device, a sort of suction-thimble, that has gone viral online.	the ‘fullips’ device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at west end parties.
lesley conman's daughter abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook.	two mothers have slammed police for failing to act after their daughters were targeted by an online predator.	ms conman's daughter abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy.
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain.	she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels and for the leaders’ debate last week.	she also eclipsed plaid cymru’s leanne wood (too feminine) and the greens’ natalie bennett (too hemp).
ashley jiron, owner of p.b.	jams in warr acres, oklahoma, noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant.	she taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward, so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge.
lord janner said her job as head of the crown prosecution service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases.	she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating establishment cover-ups by deciding that labour peer lord janner should not be charged – despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s.	theresa may became the first cabinet minister to question the dpp’s judgment in ruling that the 86-year-old should not be prosecuted on the grounds that his dementia is now too advanced for him to have a fair trial.
david cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of lloyds bank shares if he is returned to downing street he will offer the public £4 billion of lloyds shares still held by the government.	the shares will be offered at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time.	it is the latest ‘retro’ conservative policy to hark back to the 1980s.
a $250 (£168) device called neurio claims to make ‘ an ordinary home smart’.	it recognises the electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles and washing machines - allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone.	neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it’s recognised back to an app.
jeremy clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have i got news for you later this month.	the tv personality was due to record the show, which he has hosted in the past, on april 23 to be broadcast the following day.	clarkson had been a regular feature on bbc television since taking over top gear in 1988 from previous producer noel edmonds.	he is credited with taking the show from being a niche motoring programme to the most watched series on bbc 2.
joselyn alejandra niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border.	she achieved notoriety in january when a picture of her grasping a modified m4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media.
clare balding has married her partner of 14 years.	she and alice arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership was held in 2006.	this time they did not have a ceremony at chiswick house, west london, nor did they invite any guests.
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile us attorney alan dershowitz.	mr dershowitz said that miss roberts would have to give evidence under oath and that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself.	miss roberts has also been branded ‘despicable’ by model agency owner jean luc brunel.
barry lyttle, 33, will now be sentenced in sydney's local court.	he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3.	patrick lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was charged with grievous bodily harm.
father hamish baillie claims lord janner abused him during a game of hide-and-seek in a park, when he was a 15-year-old resident of a children’s home.	one of the nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former leicester west mp waived his right to anonymity to say the decision ‘ beggars belief’ – and claimed it points to an establishment cover-up.	he believes lord janner was ‘steered’ in his direction by the care home’s manager, frank beck – a friend who would later be convicted of a string of child sex offences.
dorian poe, from burlington, ontario, sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure.	sent tikko off on the first leg of his adventure in back in january 2013.	hoping to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition.
mirror has obtained the first pictures of the six-strong gang which raided hatton gardens last week.	images obtained by the daily mirror reveal the precise timings of the raid for the first time - as well as the fact they used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables from the safe.	scotland yard tonight refused to confirm to mailonline whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the mirror.
hannah bluck, 18, from porthcawl, south wales, had her dreams shattered after a rare condition ruled her out of the game for two years.	the 18-year-old has played for the wales youth national teams at u19, u17 and u16 level.	avascular necrosis is bone death due to poor blood supply.
motaz zaid, who is currently studying economics at the university of greenwich, was with a friend in st marks close in the early hours of friday when the group of thugs targeted them.	his friend, who wishes to remain anonymous, said the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before mr zaid, 20, was bundled into a mercedes c220 estate and driven off.	police became alerted to the incident after spotting the vehicle in beverley way, kingston, at about 1am.
killer zbigniew huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering a nine-year-old.	the 38-year-old appeared before a judge on friday night and was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering the nine-year-old identified solely by her first name of chloe.	despite being banned from france for earlier offences, zbigniew was on his way to england on wednesday.
samuel tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told.	district judge bridget knight described the 26-year-old as a' caveman' - but despite this ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail.	he must also carry out 80 hours of unpaid work and pay more than £1,300 in costs and fines.
darren humphries, 37, began throwing cadbury mini eggs at wife claire, 31, after drunkenly losing his temper on march 3.	magistrates heard he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children.	humphries, of no fixed abode, launched a tirade of abuse and expletives directed at magistrates when the sentence was announced.
cher lair from apex, north carolina, cutting into cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around.	she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.	as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement.
the far-right afrikaner resistance movement (awb) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg to fight for a separate white state.	by night, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses, all the while being told of the danger from' the millions of blacks trying to kill you'.	dion bernard, a 15-year-old nicknamed sparky, has a gun placed against his head during self-defence lessons at the afrikaner resistance movement camp.
police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen afl star ben cousins.	officers also accessed files containing information about daniel kerr, a fellow former west coast eagles player, according to the west australian.	police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen afl star ben cousins (on april 9).
unknown digger referred to by wwi historians simply as the' handsome man'.	but the unknown digger has been drawn into the centre of an anzac day controversy.	image was used to front woolworths'' fresh in our memories' ad campaign.
adam deacon, 32, of bethnal green, east london, appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movie’s writer noel clarke on twitter.	a number of abusive tweets were sent from deacon's account to mr clarke as a bully and blamed him for trying to ruin his career.	mr clarke said that in 2010 he viewed mr deacon as a friend and after this point they fell out over work.
ocean photographer lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life.	he formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam.	after receiving emails from potential buyers asking how they can purchase one of his prints, mr meudell started a website and he admits the purchasers are not what you'd expect.
vietnam veteran arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get'cib-69' put on a license plate, the spectrum newspaper of st. george reported.	the utah division of motor vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations.	breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier's gunner during his time in the army.	he was inside the carrier's gun turret as rocket-propelled grenades stuck and was left wounded, suffering temporary blindness.
bjorn ulvaeus has unveiled his new musical project, a mamma mia inspired eatery performance, set to end its 14 year long run in september.	the mamma mia inspired eatery will open its doors a block away from the abba museum in stockholm.	bjorn aims to transport the party atmosphere from theatre aisles to inside a greek taverna.
pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar, its lowest level since june 2010.	but the pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar, its lowest level since june 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority.
jackson byrnes from northern new south wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on.	the 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation.
coral jones, 43, whose daughter was snatched from outside her home in machynlleth, powys, had letters demanding her other children be taken into care.	she was branded a' bad mother' for allowing april to play in the street past 7pm where she was abducted and killed by paedophile mark bridger.	mrs jones said:' we had a letter with no name on it and no address to write to, saying i was a bad mother and it was my fault and i should n't have my other children with me'.
computer system is the world's largest dealing platform and is used by most banks and trading floors.	more than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after the crash of the server at bloomberg's offices in the city of london.
belinda bowman, 37, lost her daughter lily after she contracted gbs during labour and developed meningitis and septicaemia.	current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be' at risk'.
rona fairhead will stand down as director of hsbc while continuing role at bbc.	chairman of the bbc trust will quit her role as a director at hsbc, it was reported last night.
logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system in 1928.	it was built as an item of furniture for well-to-do families.	it is being auctioned off as part of a speciality sale by auction team breker.
mohammed suleman khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last april.	police raided his birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion in pakistan, complete with library, cinema and servant quarters.
six children were left without a father after a cold-blooded shooting in melbourne's southwest.	the 39-year-old man, reported to be a father of six, was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's altona meadows driveway at about 2am on sunday.	neighbours reported hearing screeching tyres soon after shots were fired.	police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police.
ed miliband was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends.	after brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress, saying:' i got a full on picture with him'.
figures appear to vindicate david cameron's' mercantile' foreign policy.	it is the first time since records began that such sales of uk goods have outstripped those to the eu for six months in a row.
rand paul is now running for president and will campaign in new hampshire this week.	clinton is pictured here walking from her airplane on october 31, 2012 upon her arrival at zagreb airport in croatia.	clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed' scooby' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid.
researchers have also revealed the material features increasingly young children.	nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to the internet watch foundation.	overall, experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014.
the brisbane designer is already raking in millions on the back of hollywood's blockbuster moving' the avengers: age of ultron'.	there are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film motifs.	some of the men's items sold out in minutes when launched this week.
sofia vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé nick loeb.	loeb claimed that vergara demanded her friend and employee serve as the surrogate over his' objections as well as the recommendations of the parties’ doctor'.
marcin wasniewski, 34, from foleshill, coventry, escaped death by millimetres.	he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry.	emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive.	he believes he was saved by jesus christ watching over him.
neill buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by elvis kwiatkowski and chas quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in dagenham, essex.	the men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit tv show and videos found on their mobile phones showed mr buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals.	blackfriars crown court was told the south african was subjected to' degrading and humiliating violence' that had become' casual' in the months before his death.
london mayor says ukip supporters are in' increasing psychological conflict'.	they realise a vote for nigel farage's party is a' vote for ed miliband'.	he told the daily mail as he campaigned in the thanet south, kent seat where mr farage is standing.	mr johnson's intervention shows the tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a labour government propped up by the snp.
lucy scott's doodle book honestly chronicles the difficult realities of the first year of parenthood.	the book looks at tricky situations such as breastfeeding and not being able to reach your phone to keep yourself entertained.
clinton will announce her bid to become america's first female president this weekend.	the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the white house on twitter, and then barnstorm the hawkeye state in what the associated press calls a series of' small' meetings with voters.	clinton reveals in a new epilogue to her book' hard choices' why she decided to take the presidential leap.
the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station.	fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of alice springs in the northern territory, was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car.	the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car but would n't have got far without working headlights, a front number plate or a front bumper bar.
police have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace to help them rescue a young girl who is believed to be being abused.	officials said one picture, which does not show any abuse taking place, features the unidentified man posing with her.	they said they are trying to trace the man - referred to as john doe 29 - because they believe he may have' critical information' to help them identify the victim.
professors at the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night.	rolling stone bosses commissioned the review after the story, by contributing editor sabrina rubin erdely, was called into serious question.	however, despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts, nobody will lose their job over the story.
west midlands police also show a nine-year-old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage and a four-year-old questioned over an assault.	they include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences.
phil rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis, which stem from a police raid on his waterfront north island mansion on november 6.	the 60-year-old australian, who has lived in tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last november when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people.
william' wild bill' wilson and his wife died just two minutes apart from each other.	both lillian, 89, and bill were alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes.	doug, 66, believes it will also make it easier for the family to grieve.
shelley dufresnein from st charles parish, louisiana, took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender.	when she returned home she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message:' my mood today,' followed by three smiley faces.	followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture, prompting her to respond:' i'm so relieved.	however she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student and another teacher'.
patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville, utah.	he has painted a falling woman with a deeply intricate background.	his portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots.
two british men have been fined $3,000 for threatening behaviour on board a thomson airways flight.	one allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew, with the other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists during the disturbance, which forced the flight from london to mexico to divert to bermuda.	jamie richardson, 38, from lancing, west sussex, both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a bermuda court.
more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese.	the rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight, 600 million of which are classified as obese.	but with experts desperately trying to find the answer, a poignant debate rages.
durham university scientists studied a' clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself.	but the discovery of a ‘clump’ lagging behind a galaxy suggests that it may not be as oblivious to our universe as we thought.
harley street is in an affluent part of london and it's famed for attracting business from those who do n't have to consider the cost.	but for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street, like michael pulman, 33, a care worker from walsall, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem.
osborne attended st paul's school for boys, where a place for a pupil boarding costs now £10,800-a-year.	mr osborne attended st paul's school for boys, where a place for a pupil boarding costs £10,800-a-year shared a sofa on the tv this morning.
destiny cooke, 16, and lajahia cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob, who can be heard laughing during the five-minute video filmed in trenton.	lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl's mother threw a rock at her ear, leaving a gash that required 12 stitches.	throughout the video various people hold the girls down so that others can punch them over and over again.
property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.	they are the heart of the home, the hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘ debrief of the day’ meeting room.
tories warn snp leader nicola sturgeon will be ed miliband's puppet master if he becomes prime minister after the election.	several of her election pledges overlap with labour policy, including slashing tuition fees in england from £9,000 a year to £6,000.
sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory.	but even without his horn, keepers in the kenyan reserve of ol pojeta in fear for his safety.	the 43-year-old rhino - who could live until his 50s - is the last chance for any future northern white rhino calves.
nathan brown, 19, was working with his father david, an experienced electrician, when he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane.	the shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane.	he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
south africa's president jacob zuma has called for an end to the' shocking and unacceptable' attacks on immigrants from africa and south asia.	many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a refugee camp which lies just east of johannesburg.
nicola sturgeon said the' direction of travel' was towards independence.	she set out her demands for her to support ed miliband if labour falls short of a majority.	david cameron warned nationalists would use a labour government to break up the union and punish other nations.
rachelle owen, 16, died after being struck by a train close to hoylake station.	her mother kay diamond, 44, was found dead in february.	schoolgirl rachelle owen was too upset to comment on the loss of her granddaughter.
kenji wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the' islamisation' of australia.	the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australia, an anti-islam group, organised protests at major cities across australia.	the reclaim australia event in melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis, who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups.
harvey weinstein's wife georgina chapman, 38, stepped out on friday looking forlorn amid allegations her husband apologized to a 22-year-old model for groping her.	the question remains how much weinstein is willing to pay to make the situation go away.	weinstein is waiting to see if the manhattan district attorney will decide to seek charges.
april 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the explosion.	visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially, with kiev-based tour company, soloeast, estimating that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year.
danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi, 10, and daughter dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.	the meitivs, both of them scientists, have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours.	attorney matthew dowd is representing the meitivs and on tuesday sent a ointed letter regarding sunday's events.
kevin bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court.	the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states.	more than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between december 2012 and september 2013.
chancey luna, 17, was convicted in the 2013 shooting death of christopher lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in duncan.	the jury recommended that luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare lane.	luna told reporters he was' sorry'.
a. alfred taubman, the self-made michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success, died friday night at his home after a heart attack.	taubman donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums, for which he traveled to hungary to figure out why the country's sausage was so good.	he also became a major backer of stem-cell research.	he was a freshman at the university of michigan when he left to serve in world war ii.
coachella valley music and arts festival in indio, california, are spending more than any other major festival goers.	the likes of alessandra ambrosio and madonna, who bizarrely made out with rapper drake on sunday, coachella visitors pay an average of £187 per day.
kenton lee, from nampa, idaho, came up with the idea while working in nairobi in kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small.	the shoe that grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes.
lorraine kelly has managed to drop two dress sizes by attending regular zumba classes with her instructor, maxine jones (pictured right).	zumba is a fitness programme, combining latin and international music, and incorporates aerobic elements across various styles of dance.
sergeant norman turgel, 24 at the time, and teenage polish girl gena, 20, was only kindled because of the generosity and kindness of the camp's british commander major leonard berney.	but the love between british soldier, sergeant norman turgel of the 53 field security section of british intelligence corps spotted an eternal beauty and began talking to her.	before long norman had fallen in love with the young jewish girl who at last was being fed proper food.
the picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of john daniels, 61, from dunsfold in surrey.	he used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines who appeared relaxed in front of the camera.
almost 40 per cent of people are digging up their flower beds to make way for hot tubs and outdoor spas.	only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens.	average one usually containing a mere four species – daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
coach erupted into flames on a busy interchange at the m25 motorway.	the fire sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway.	the fire destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment.
tortoiseshell mimi bought the cat with his wife christine, 45, when she was eight-weeks-old in december 2013 from a seller who lived in birmingham.	the 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the one-year-old cat playing with 15-year-old joshua teague.	mimi the cat appears in a 30-second video showing her unique ball skills.
jessica cleland, from wallan, victoria, was 19 when she took her own life on easter saturday.	her parents said that jessica's social media accounts were flooded with horrible sentiments the night before she died, and are now desperate to see a change within victoria’s government and the state's police so that those found guilty of cyber bullying face serious consequences.	coroner jacqui hawkins said in the report she released in october that jessica's death highlighted the impact that social media could have on the lives on young people, and that both facebook and text messaging was' problematic'.
emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit large parts of new south wales as residents in victoria and queensland prepare for a week of colder weather.	the nsw state emergency service anticipates calls across the sydney metropolitan, hunter and illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days.	winds of at least 100km/h lashed parts of the east coast, causing this tree to fall on a car in east gosford, on the nsw central coast, wth a driver and passenger inside.	they were treated for minor injuries.
for example, asda’s piri piri chicken pasta salad contains 46.5g of fat – two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult.	meanwhile a marks & spencer chicken and smoked bacon salad sandwich contains 694 calories and contains only 22.5g of fat.
us giant morgan stanley said the prospect of a labour government reliant on the scottish nationalists would create the ‘ greatest uncertainty’ of any election result.	us giant morgan stanley said the prospect of a labour government reliant on the scottish nationalists would create the ‘ greatest uncertainty’ of any election result.	last night, a second major bank, goldman sachs, also raised concerns about the same outcome on may 7.
sir bruce forsyth has said that people should not be' left to suffer'.	adding that in many cases it could be' more cruel to do nothing' than allowing them to die.	sir bruce's first wife, penny calvert, was moved into a care home with dementia.	he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
damon albarn said modern pop stars are part of a' selfie generation'.	he was once the driving force behind britpop in the 1990s.	his comments are timely as blur releases its first album in years this month.
italian artist johannes stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon.	it is the work of italian artist johannes stoetter.	stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect, then intertwined them to form the shape of a chameleon.
peter barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to chiltern railways.	he travelled from his oxfordshire home to london marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley, in north west london.	barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year.
new study has revealed the changing habits of british weddings.	two of the biggest changes are the fact that religious services have fallen out of favour and that brides are opting for bold colour schemes for their big day.
dwayne harvard, 46, charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and dui after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on his car in pennsylvania.	however the driver, dwayne harvard, maintains he is not the one who should have been arrested.	harvard claims he was' fearing' for his life and for mazzetti, so he took off out of his driveway.
danielle and adam busby said they are still in shock but delighted a week after giving birth.	adam admitted it was' overwhelming' changing the babies' because they're so precious and they're doing really, really well,' danielle said as she beamed holding her husband adam's hand.
nick loeb has filed a lawsuit in california in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf, according to intouch.	loeb, 39, is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed.	vergara has refused to' agree to their preservation under all circumstances'.
boy was dressed in a star wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair.	the robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling loudly and uncontrollably.	he is then heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as other children watch the pair.
the uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday and are steaming through the arabian sea.	the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept any iranian ships carrying weapons to the houthi rebels fighting in yemen.	the navy has been beefing up its presence in the gulf of aden and the southern arabian sea.
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002.	buchanon, who also played for the houston texans, tampa bay buccaneers, detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011.	buchanon said he wrote the book to make sure' the next generation of athletes does n't make the same mistakes' he did when he finally got paid the big nfl bucks.
the bloomnigton arrow was one of 102 found by retired couple brian and charlotte smith, who have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments.	the concrete arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off to deliver mail.
toyal lotus stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots.	german maker toyo aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation and the german firm has teamed up with japan's morinaga milk industry to bring it to consumers.
the number of deaths every year in britain is falling for the past 40 years.	the lives of unprecedented numbers born in the post-baby boom come to an end.	rising undertakers’ bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
ten houses in australia that wo n't sell, despite being on the market for up to two years, some even heavily discounted - have been revealed.	among them includes a one-bedroom home in oberon, central west of nsw, which was listed 800 days ago for about $2 million.
the duffel bag was found outside a biotechnology building in cambridge, massachusetts.	all of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide.	she announced at an evening news conference that a person had been arrested in the case but provided no details.
diane morris, 46, is engaged to mike holpin, 56, who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women.	ms morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex, claiming the two are' crazy about each other' and that she trusts him' completely'.
five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone.	fire crews in south wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ‘unprecedented’ scale of destruction, which is mainly being blamed on gangs of youngsters.	five children questioned after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month.
evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers and brings life to dull winter gardens.	i've seen them trained on walls, bent over arches and even grown as hedging.	tender kinds such as c. reticulata make outstanding conservatory plants.
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in cameron park, california.	the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence, according to the sacramento bee.	weber has said he flies' at least twice a month.	he also served as a korean war flight instructor.
police helped australian officials foil a suspected lee rigby-style terror attack on police during first world war commemorations.	when the alleged plot was uncovered by greater manchester police, they tipped off australian authorities who swooped on the terror suspects, arresting five men over the weekend.	police are now working to shore up security for a string of anzac day events taking place in london.
scientists have shown that using deep brain stimulation (dbs), a technique already used to treat parkinson's disease, can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed.	the device was implanted into middle aged rats, sending out minute electrical impulses, and the study found the animals performed better in memory tests compared to those who had not been stimulated.	dbs is a surgical procedure that has become an established nhs treatment for parkinson's sufferers whose condition does not respond to drugs.
britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to soar to 21c tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather.	the mercury is predicted to soar to 21c (70f) tomorrow.	britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring, with lily and jack manning, aged 11 and six.
fashion designer alannah hill is the least likely candidate for skin cancer.	she broke her foot after attempting the shoo her dog out of the way and went to the doctor who spotted a tiny freckle on her fourth toe of her left foot.	hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh.
alexis keslar was walking with her sons, eli and silas keslar along the canal bank on friday when she was distracted and the stroller tragically rolled away from her into the canal.	keslar desperately tried to rescue her sons, but police have said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult.
firefighter miguel meza jumped into the water at berth 73 tonight in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water.	the car left a parking lot at the ports o' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port of los angeles.	the car landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of berth 73.
59 passengers and eight crew members, tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho.	the incident occurred as flight 9w2423 arrived at the airport in khajuraho, about 375 miles south-east of delhi in the state of madhya pradesh.
the once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service, bluefish, and does not come cheap, setting you back a whopping £41,000 ($60,000).	travellers will stay aboard the akademik keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the titanic up close.
the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island's south coast close to the resort city of limassol.	the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet.	a black flamingo was reportedly last spotted in israel in 2014 and aside from its colour, it is no different to the hundreds of pink flamingos.
the video was created by the washington-based american chemical society (acs) as part of its reactions series.	it covers three household cleaning' hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops.	the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet.
beth hall, 24, from cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs.	she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16, living off nothing more than black tea and coffee.	she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
families on the high green estate in sheffield, south yorkshire, say they are being' held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with the weapons.	cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and bb guns through the estate.	residents even claim one woman who confronted the youths was shot at by the gang.
waheed ahmed, son of shakil ahmed, was photographed with ed miliband.	critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public.	also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
john coyne, 56, ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road, central london.	attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year.	jury heard victim, who is heterosexual, had been on a night out with friends after finishing work and ended night at coyne's pub where he fell asleep on a sofa.
kellogg's is the latest us owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in britain.	the cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes.	kellogg’s makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to british families.
tony blair has said he does not want to retire until he is 91.	he told newsweek magazine that his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
joel wilkinson, five, was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago.	his parents, emma, 33, and chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk.	they were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
manuel garza jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john' rocky' riojas in february 2001.	the u.s. supreme court had refused in november to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution.	manuel garza jr. was given the death sentence after killing san antonio police officer john' rocky' riojas in february 2001.
kieran loveridge, who killed thomas kelly in a brutal one punch in 2012, allegedly had an' improper relationship' with a female officer.	it was revealed last month kieran loveridge, who brutally attacked mr kelly at kings cross, was moved to goulburn supermax prison because he had an' improper relationship' with a female officer.	kieran loveridge was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the kempsey prison.	corrective services nsw has since launched an investigation into the matter.
george lucas told a massive crowd saturday night at star wars celebration of his decision to reprise his role as luke skywalker in star wars: the force awakens.	hamill said he was cautiously optimistic about j.j. abrams, the chosen director for the force awakens.	he went on to compliment abrams for his inclusiveness.
kristen lindsey, 31, lives in brenham, texas, allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow, believing it was feral.	but a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks.
katie prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009.	her insurance company, kentucky medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center.	her husband dalton, 23, has already received new lungs, but katie is waiting as kentucky medicaid will not pay for the out-of-state-treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center.
national grid has revealed the uk's first new pylon for nearly 90 years.	it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons.	it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
christopher barry, 53, is a member of the notorious wood green gang.	he pleaded guilty to stabbing 53-year-old christopher barry twice in the chest.	the boy, who can not be named for legal reasons, pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed mr barry, a builder, as he got into a lift following a row.	mr barry and his girlfriend, sabrina finn, arrived home to find the group of boys trying to get into the black of flats when they lived.
apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia-based nonprofit, the conservation fund.	apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia-based nonprofit.	epa administrator lisa jackson, now apple's president for environmental initiatives, has spearheaded the new green focus at the world's biggest company.
vera maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man.	former nurse in the czech republic has admitted killing five others between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation.	maresova injected the potassium straight into the blood stream of her six elderly patients, which caused them to suffer heart failure and eventually death.
solomon khoorban, 33, forced himself on the teenager in the vip area at equinox nightclub in leicester square.	he then ordered his terrified victim to wait in the vip area for at least 30 minutes, threatening to kill her if she did not oblige.	princess diana was among a host of famous faces who attended shows, events and after parties at the club before it closed down.
new details have emerged about vincent stanford, who created an online alter ego to use in science fiction, gaming and fantasy forums characters.	stanford, 24, has been charged with killing ms scott, a popular high school teacher in leeton, 550 kilometres from sydney, on easter sunday, just days before she was due to be married to her childhood sweetheart.	fairfax media identified an online profile it said stanford used, including a youtube channel and multiple gaming forums.
mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a' leftist' alternative to clinton in the hopes that this will see him represent the party in the 2016 elections.	this claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week, just hours before clinton announced her candidacy, where de blasio refused to back her.	the 53-year-old has yet to back clinton, despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her u.s. senate bid in 2000.
harvey weinsten and designer georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway production finding neverland in new york city.	the play, which stars glee star matthew morrison and kelsey grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp.
zodiac galleys europe, giving staff a bed each and some privacy for a little shut-eye during long-haul flights.	drawing on the help of 30 flight attendants from four different continents, their lower deck designs reveal an area designed to feel spacious, private and air conditioning system.
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie.	the video, which surfaced on reddit on monday evening, shows quaid famed for roles in blockbusters such as wyatt earp, any given sunday and the day after tomorrow – losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight.
peter gale was fired from his position at high-performing nonsuch high school for girls in cheam, surrey.	he was appointed to run the school, which counts singer katie melua amongst its alumnae, in september 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head, karin rowsell.
researchers sketching out a' wiring diagram' for rat brains.	they say the animal's cerebral cortex is' like a mini-internet'.	the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger, regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet.
downton abbey creator julian fellowes is to step down as director of the british museum.	visitors to the festival, sponsored by the daily mail, will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving british dambuster george ‘johnny’ johnson, and battle of britain fighter pilot tom neil.
jeremy clarkson, 54, was fired in march after attacking a producer during filming, admitting he will' miss being there'.	but the presenter today gave his' heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking, saying he would' miss me on top gear.	it's not as much, however, as i'll miss being there.	now, with the future of the show still up in the air, former newsreader ms rippon said it would be' great' if she was invited back.
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man and left for dead in the beeston area of leeds last month.	he was shown wearing a green puma sweatshirt, dark jacket and jeans in the hours before the incident when he also stalked three other women.	west yorkshire police produced this computer generated image after taking a description of the suspect from his victim.
louise shepherd, 31, from cobham, surrey, was hiking through a national park in north-west bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm.	her parents, peter and christine shepherd from cobham, surrey said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday.	louise gained her first degree in business and marketing at the university of westminster in 2006.
zipporah lisle-mainwaring, the owner of the stripy kensington property, may be worth up to £60million and has fallen out with her family over inheritance.	the woman accused of painting red and white stripes on her £15million kensington townhouse in a bitter planning row is a war hero's daughter worth.
ethan czahor has launched ‘clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer.	users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them.	mr czahor said hoped the app would ensure others do not suffer the same fate as he did.
obama and raul castro will have a substantive discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit in panama.	it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange.	ahead of an anticipated run-in, if not a formal meeting, this weekend in at the seventh summit of the americas, the two presidents spoke by phone on wednesday.
stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am saturday morning.	the 25,000 punters officials expected to show.	under normal circumstances the australian turf club would've been packed with punters dressed to the nines scrambling for a seat.
the 18-year-old hampton park man had his preventative detention order.	he will appear in melbourne magistrates' court on tuesday.	he has now been charged with' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'.
cynthia cheroitich, 19, spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive.	it comes as survivor cynthia cheroitich, who hid under a pile of clothes, spoke about her ordeal.	she was initially too petrified to come out of the wardrobe, but a lecturer she knew eventually convinced her that police officers were not the al-shabaab gunmen - 50 hours after the barbaric attack began.
tory election chiefs have given their candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers, pensioners and women, leaked documents have revealed.	a series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election.	women are told they are' vital to the success of the british economy' while pensioners are praised for their' wealth of experience'.
elena curtin of portland, oregon, was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014.	she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week.	prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin, 23, was' completely justified in her outrage'.
action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world.	it's a tiny kitchen! the miniature space videos are filmed in the bijou area.	miniature space, a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm.
rand paul is on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists.	the confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the democratic party over late-term abortion and paul's declaration that she seems to be' ok with killing a 7-pound baby.	paul, a libertarian-leaning kentucky senator, launched his presidential bid on tuesday in louisville.
monarch, who has long been an avid racing fan, had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances after her horse capel path came in third.	newbury racecourse is currently hosting the dubai duty free spring trials.
gnome sgt pepper's album was signed by all four band member has sold for £29,000.	the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors, singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover.
new york teen daria rose, 18, lost everything in hurricane sandy and was recently accepted to seven ivy league schools.	the 18-year-old has been accepted into all seven of the ivy league schools she applied to, abc news reports.
ashley roberts was surprised on air during minnesota's this morning show by a proposal from her boyfriend justin mccray.	she said yes! reporter ashley roberts' boyfriend, justin mccray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.	it was a good news day for everyone involved, ashley said yes.
victor agbafe, 17, is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington, north carolina.	the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all eight ivy league schools.	he credits his mother, a nigerian immigrant and physician, for setting a good example for him.
town halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in the uk.	the council also charges £1.85 for an hour and a half and £3.10 for two hours and 30 minutes.	experts fear the problem could become even worse when the new 12-sided pound coin is released in 2017.
daphne selfe, 86, shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace.	the images show the new footwear which sees stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on.	daphne's career originally began in 1949 and she once told the express:' modelling was respectable then so my parents were very happy for me to do it'.
graham leonard grabbed the pa microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day.	sheriff edward savage said he was keeping' all options open' and mr kelly to find out what impact a jail sentence would have on his client.	leonard, from newmacher, in aberdeenshire, had been part of a group of scots fans that had chartered an eastern airways flight to watch united's 3-0 league win over tottenham.
the wi has been told it must pay the royal albert hall thousands of pounds.	but the wi has now been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes.	it’s been a gargantuan undertaking, even by the formidable standards of the women’s institute.
michigan micro mote is the smallest computer in the world.	its inventors say it can act as a smart sensor, and give everyday objects computing capabilities.	this line of' smart dust' devices includes computers equipped with imagers (with motion detection), temperature sensors, and pressure sensors.
the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a street in islington, north london.	inside, the narrow house is only 5ft wide in some areas, a little over the size of a rugby player's shoulders and its maximum width is 8ft 8in.	it has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden.
gerard t.' the frenchman' ouimette has died in a federal prison in north carolina.	his nephew, kevin ouimette lynch, tells the providence journal that his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a prison in butner, north carolina.	ouimette was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling, loansharking, extortion, and murder, among other crimes.
boy was arrested after police raided a house in longsight, manchester.	the boy was arrested on suspicion of preparing for an act of terrorism.	the girl was arrested on suspicion of engaging in conduct for acts of terrorism.
hillary clinton boasts a robust 3.6 million twitter followers.	only 44 per cent of her twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform.	statuspeople.com, the oldest publicly available twitter-auditing tool, reports that 44 per cent of the former secretary of state's followers are' good' ; 15 per cent are' fake'.
wacky and delightful electric groove rider stormed down wellington's cuba street at the weekend for the city's inaugural cubadupa festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks.	the quaint capital city put on one hell of a show at the weekend for its inaugural cubadupa festival – the first of its kind in several years.
stephanie scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed.	police were pointed to cocoparra national park north of griffith, nsw by the mother and brother of vincent standford, who has been charged with ms scott's murder.	standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on friday afternoon.
dusan bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone only to discover it was switched off.	during a confrontation near a park in oldham, greater manchester, bako put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach.	bako, from oldham, was initially charged with child destruction but ahead of his trial, pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
eileen mason and margaret seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting in swindon, wiltshire, when an' evil looking' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence.	according to the two pensioners, the man initially attempted to get his hands on the contents of mrs seabrook's scooter basket, before grabbing mrs mason by the arm and reaching for her carrier bag.
mars is currently in the middle of an ice age, so liquid water can not exist on its surface at the present time.	it means that, if all ice were to be spread across the surface of mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre).
hillary clinton gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard choices.	she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children.	she explained how in 2014, she and her husband got the' wonderful news' that their daughter chelsea and her investment banker husband marc mezvinsky were expecting a baby.
olivia bazlinton, 13, and charlotte thompson, 14, died when an express train hit them at elsenham station, essex, in december 2005 as they set off on a christmas shopping trip.	friends had been using the station’s unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to cambridge when they were struck by a through train bound for stansted airport.	inquest returned verdicts of accidental death – but it later emerged that crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner.
queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali.	the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message:' darling joe, happy 70th birthday 2009, love jenny’.	fortunately, ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with' the joe and jenny' in noosa on sunday.	ms walsh said she will be meeting with the pair this weekend to return the sentimental ring.
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue.	it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes.	last domino gently hits an orange ball, causing it to roll down another positioned cue lying on the table.
carol chandler, 53, of wellington, shropshire, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s.	she was charged as part of the metropolitan police’s operation winthorpe, scotland yard’s investigation into allegations of sex abuse at st paul's school in barnes, south west london.	chandler is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a male under the age of 16 between 1983 and 1985.
david totton, 36, admitted driving a hired white peugeot rcz into the doors of club liv, a nightspot popular with footballers in central manchester, at around 3am on august 31 last year.	totton, who survived being shot in the head in 2006 as part of a suspected assassination attempt, tried to claim the attack had been meant as' a joke'.	totton, who has a well-known history of violence, was told to leave as well, and the doormen eventually closed and locked the doors.
anarda de la caridad perez friman, 37, is said to have been' suffering from post-natal depression'.	she allegedly stabbed john joseph shannon, 31, the couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four.	mr shannon, from liverpool, had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children, but police now believe perez friman, a spanish national of cuban descent, to be the culprit.
ana elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was leaving a class at the university of texas, pan american.	the psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the mexican border.	she was released unharmed after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location.
british children's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book' bubba yum yum - the paleo way', calling it dangerous, and said the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.	' babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does,' she said.
39% of voters now say they will back the conservatives compared to 33 per cent for labour, according to the pollsters icm.	comes after tories unveiled their key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million.	ukip and the lib dems are each up three points at 13 per cent.
larry reid was arrested for dui about 12:40 p.m. between boulder city and searchlight in nevada.	mr. reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
dame barbara hakin accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients.	she was investigated by the general medical council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.	however, it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went ‘ far enough’ in respect of patient safety.
lance corporal leonard keysor, 30, received a victoria cross for his 48-hour effort that saw him lob live, palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of lone pine to save the lives of his comrades.	the 30-year-old fought in the trenches at lone pine in anzac cove on the shores of turkey.
australia's foreign minister julie bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a scarf during her visit to iran.	bishop, who is australia's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years, donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif.	social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom.
valerie rutty, of warrington, stole thousands of pounds raised by her pupils from bake sales and fetes that was supposed to pay for new school kit.	the 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund at irlam primary school in greater manchester.
the 56-year-old pop star posted the image of the iron lady on instagram.	some of her fans took umbrage to the photo, which madonna captioned with:' thank you margaret thatcher' followed by' # unapologetic # rebelheart' and a love heart.	madonna has immersed herself in the gay community.
spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 miraval rose.	the wine is produced at the couple's chateau miraval estate, where they married in august last year after having purchased it for £41million in 2012.	wine spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013.
dr chris van tulleken with a range of packets that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using ‘ clever marketing’ to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products.	the uk over-the-counter medicines market, which also includes painkillers and anti-fungal creams, is worth £2.5 billion.
terrier, named cookie, barked at joseph devaney, 23, and kieron rolstron, 22, as they burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money.	but as owners john and emma evans watched in horror, devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims' car.	cookie, right shouted at the terrified householders' give me your money' and' i will stab you' during last year's attack.
richard clements is believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in wattisham, suffolk, when the machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him.	his family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene.	friends today told of their shock at the incident, which occurred in the quiet village just before 5.15pm yesterday.
sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after reports of a stabbing.	police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield, birmingham.	when officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers.
jessica edgeington, of villa rica, georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called' swooping', where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition.	she died after plummeting to the ground at the skydive deland in deland, florida.	it is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after navy seal william marston died after landing heavily in january.
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people.	the trove, which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998, only became fully organized late last year.
dj-duo mashed n kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody.	the black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week and gaining coverage on leading media outlets around the globe.	adam and matt, who choose not to give their full names, approach a busdriver and a 7-eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer.
jessica hardy, 23, from hereford, was so desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid.	mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin, she thought she had an ideal solution.
doug gregory, 92, suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital.	he was awarded the distinguished flying cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over nazi-occupied europe.	he flew beaufighters and mosquitoes before testing aircraft, including models of spitfires and hurricanes.
father told yesterday how his daughter had been given hard drugs by dealers targeting schools.	he said dealers made the drugs ‘ incredibly incredibly cheap and available’ to hook their young customers.	he has now written an open letter (above) to his local authority, south gloucestershire, begging them to take the issue more seriously.
amanda burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery – shutting off the blood supply from the placenta.	since the 1950s, when doctors started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage, they have clamped the cord within seconds of birth.
chelsea's famous curls went from unmanageable frizz to tight ringlets, before fading into a fuller, wavier style (pictured right, in 2015).	when asked by the magazine about what became of her'pre-raphaelite curls', her once-unruly mane simply straightened itself out over time.
christopher stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year old was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing.	locals are so worried at the prospect of the town's black population - currently 70 people, or 0.33 per cent - getting any bigger that they hit back through the medium of baseball.
gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago.	each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies.	infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces.	archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs.
stephanie scott was to spend the happiest day of her life, instead her wedding venue seemed like the loneliest place on the planet.	these same guests were now 275km and three hours' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at mountford park in leeton, new south wales' central west region.	it was supposed to be the place where stephanie scott was last seen on easter sunday.
there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean.	there were all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other.	the commission also said that one can tell the difference between a sea turtle and a tortoise by looking at the animal's feet.
gang of four spotted trying to escape along busy road in derby.	chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter, that had been following the gang as they tried to escape.	police eventually caught up with the men, arresting them.	officers then managed to grab one of the gang members who can be seen being pulled out of bushes.
andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic ephraim norman, 24, after getting off a bus close to his home in croydon, south london, in april last year.	the 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack.	norman had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill.
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons.	but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior.	photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship, 323 miles from his patch.
police believe 35-year-old donnell graham shot his wife, shaquana graham and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury township.	the 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25-year-old kristopher pittman, had been killed by gunshots to the chest.	the guest noted they heard five shots, followed by a pause, which was followed by three more shots before hearing silence.
dr paolo bombelli will present his research as part of the pint of science festival.	he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes.	the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
kathleen bailey, 70, a church elder and avid charity fundraiser, was given power of attorney over her terminally ill 87-year-old friend.	bailey later became a carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer and had no children.	she was also ordered to pay £1,500 to her victim's estate.
fifteen fortune 500 companies managed to get through 2014 without owing a penny in income taxes.	most of those given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.	cbs made $1.8 billion in u.s. profits last year and received a $235 million tax rebate.
american pollster nate silver, who correctly called the winner in 2008, believes that neither labour or the tories will be unable to get enough support together for a majority government.	meanwhile a new populus poll found labour unchanged on 34 per cent, while the tories were down one, on 32 per cent.
police say annika mckenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, catherine engelhardt.	police say the teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor.	she was unconscious for several minutes and rushed to winthrop university hospital.
ivana chubbuck, 62, is known as the' celebrity whisperer'.	she is known as the' celebrity whisperer', a woman whose skill made an icon out of a man who used to stand on street corners.
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly.	the pony appears completely at ease and he stretches out his legs in a bid to further his relaxation.	to date the clip of bayne has received thousands of hits online.
tom o’carroll, a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange, has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off.	the organisation, set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal, is campaigning against what it sees as the ‘ biased and unfair’ independent press standards organisation.	it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press, as recommended by the leveson inquiry.
crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday.	the tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black dress and coat ensemble accessorised by her grey hat and heels.	mary was in the town of aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of denmark by germany on april 9, 1940.
bobby brown has visited his stricken daughter bobbi kristina in hospital.	her maternal grandmother cissy houston clarified to people on monday that her granddaughter' is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover.	bobby, shocked fans on saturday by revealing that' bobbi is awake,' during a dallas concert on saturday.
ethiopian lelisa desisa, 25, of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 9 minutes, 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race.	desisa runners cruised through a damp monday morning route where well-wishers drew' boston strong' in chalk on the pavement.	after the 2013 boston bombings, desisa donated his medal to the city.
google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton's announcement that she is seeking the presidency.	google politics tweeted what it said were' related questions to rand paul in the last 24 hours'.	clinton is 67 years old and a member of the democratic party.
the woman, who was with three friends, is believed to have lost her footing and fallen from the deck after her punt hit another boat.	she disappeared under the waters of the cam several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced.	two of her friends leapt in to save her alongside to help pull her out.
vincent viafore from poughkeepsie, new york, was on the rough hudson river near newburgh with angelika graswald when he was thrown in on sunday evening.	she then called 911 when she made it to land.	viafore was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found.
the oklahoma city bombing, planted by veteran us army soldier timothy mcveigh, killed 168 american people.	but no, she was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on april 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism america has ever seen.
savage swan asbaby has been pecking punters on the backs area of the river in cambridge over the easter weekend.	the savage swan nicknamed asbaby, which still has many brown baby feathers, has been pecking punters on the backs area of the cambridge river.	mr asbo, the swan believed to be his grandfather, was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012.
kristen jarvis, 34, has left the obamas after seven years of acting as the first lady's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks.	solidcore's website says it utilizes' slow and controlled full-body movements with constant tension to work your muscle fibers to failure... to rebuild a more sculpted, stronger and [ solid ] you.	jarvis, who's moving on to become the ford foundation president darren walker's chief of staff, admits she did not share michelle's love of d.c. workout craze solidcore.
the nabatean tomb in madain saleh is located in the northwestern region of the arabian peninsula, in the middle of a vast desert landscape.	the striking structure is the largest of the 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of mada'in saleh during the pinnacle of nabatean era.	size would have been indicative of the person's social status and wealth, hinting it was intended for someone of power.
sheila elkan, who lives in the house that featured as the leadbetters' home in the 1970s tv series, backed david cameron today after he launched his' good life' manifesto.	the 84-year-old great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in hillingdon, north-west london, since 1986.	her comments come after mr cameron promised he would help deliver' the greatest sunshine' of a job, a home, tax cuts and a secure retirement.
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday.	passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet.	it was later revealed that the unnamed employee of menzies aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight.
comedian rik mayall died suddenly aged 56 last june.	his estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds.	but probate records reveal he had no will – even though he suffered serious head injuries.
brayden travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in st charles county, missouri in early march.	his lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage.	doctors warned that he will remain in a vegetative state, his mother, kelly smith-miller, wrote on facebook.	she also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
87 per cent of australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory.	hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day -old perth baby riley hughes who died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough.
england rugby team had pennyhill park in bagshot, luxury spa and hotel.	it's no wonder celebrities flock to the award-winning pennyhill park.	pennyhill park has heated outdoor hot tubs, hydrotherapy pools and 25-metre swimming pool.
richie benaud revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head.	benaud had been driving his beloved car - a 1963 sunbeam alpine - back from hitting practice golf balls at the australian golf club in sydney when he lost control and hit a parked car and then a small brick fence.	he was hospitalised with shoulder, spinal and chest injuries and a broken sternum.
alice kovach-suehn, 56, was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect.	police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs.	the senior in kovach-suehn's care was discovered covered in filth and severely emaciated.
luke shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the victorian bushland.	he was reunited with his rescuers at royal children's hospital in melbourne.	luke is with his family at royal children's hospital in melbourne.
new figures show that the art of washing your own car appears to be dying out in britain with a thrid of men admitting they have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to clean their own motor.
researchers from germany, canada and the united states analysed answers to the hitler question, and others like it, from 6,100 people.	other dilemmas tested included a scenario where a group of people were hiding from soldiers trying to kill them, but were about to be given away by a baby crying.
adrian peterson is back in the national football league.	the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson, allowing him to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings.	this after a ban that has been in effect since september 17 following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch.
robert knowles, 68, is a serial shoplifter who has clocked up nearly 350 offences since 1959.	the pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record, which includes 200 thefts and dozens more for other dishonest offences.	it is believed knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved.	but this week, singer miley cyrus shocked fans with this photo by challenging convention.	here, with the help of experts, we explore why being hairy may be good for you.
the donor, josh dall-leighton of windham told the portland press herald that maine medical center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him.	the donor, josh dall-leighton of south portland, is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work.
greece’s prime minister alexis tsipras will meet vladimir putin in moscow.	reports that the kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the west.	mr tsipras condemned the west’s economic sanctions on moscow as ‘ a road to nowhere’.
roxy walsh, 34, met with the ecstatic owners, joe and jenny langley.	she was able to reunite the ring with the rightful owners jenny (right) and joe (centre) after less than week of searching.	ms walsh found the ring at the finns beach club in south kuta, bali on tuesday and decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner.
mahendra ahirwar, 12, from madhya pradesh in central india, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body.	his weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position.
asthma sufferer was left coughing up blood after accidentally inhaling an earring into her lungs.	her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a ‘ coarse rattle’ when she shook it.	despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device.	she began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath.
the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning.	the hackers posted documents on tv5monde's facebook page purporting to be the identity cards and cvs of relatives of french soldiers involved in anti-isis operation in iraq.	mr bigot said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content.
older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll.	predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012.
margaret bates, from mottram, tameside, said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter kelly-anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover james smith.	too traumatised to speak about her only daughter's death until now, mrs bates, 60, said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed smith when she first met him.	margaret and tommy bates are speaking about their daughter kelly-anne's brutal murder for the first time.
zbigniew huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of chloe, yesterday afternoon in france.	she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and forced into huminski’s car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk.	dna evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ‘ strangulation and sexual violence’, said mr valensi.
niloofar rahmani, 23, is the first female pilot in the afghan military since the fall of the taliban in 2001.	she and nine other women from across the world were awarded the u.s secretary of state's international women of courage award 2015 at a ceremony last week.	captain rahmani said that ever since she was a little girl she had dreamed of becoming a pilot and spent nearly a year studying english in order to be able to attend flight school.
a trend in japan has seen young women tying blue ribbon under their breasts.	the idea was inspired by a popular' anime' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature.
royal, who has been living in the us for a year, looked glamorous as she arrived at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york on thursday during the tribeca film festival.	wearing her hair in its signature sleek bob, the royal fashionista accessoried her outfit with a peach clutch and matching shoes.	dakota donned a sleeveless navy velvet dress along with a pair of strappy silver heels while hitting the red carpet at the event during the tribeca film festival.
ian gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among u.s. safari enthusiasts.	he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in zimbabwe.	his american client, who was also present, has not been identified.
german body-painting duesterwald spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings.	his shoots are complex and he works hard to ensure that the camera settings and location are perfect to get the best quality images.	mr duesterwald has been painting for more than 20 years.
roy day, 29, and gerard lundie, 26, targeted 13 properties over four months.	but the duo left their dna at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested.	lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph in erdington, birmingham.	he was found hiding in a nearby bush after fleeing the vehicle.
june whitfield's character kat moon is suicidal after struggling to deal with sexual abuse she suffered as a child.	but june whitfield’s next appearance will see her in a rather different role – as a nun in bbc soap eastenders.
children of the 1970s and 1980s will likely remember the chunky, plastic fisher-price magnets that adorned fridges in family homes.	his colour-letter pairings matched 25 of the 26 letters in the fisher-price magnet set, which is in the foreground.
tippi hedren, muse to the famed director alfred hitchcock, has fun with her lion neil.	the film billed as the most dangerous ever made is making a return to the big screen nearly 35 years after its original release.	noel marshall’s action-adventure film was originally released in 1981 and its 11-year production is infamous for the injuries.
leanne kenny, 23, from northwich, cheshire, reached almost 20 stone after repeatedly taking home end-of-the-line discounted junk food.	supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks going cheap because of their sell-by dates.
marli van breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an attack in her family's south african home in january.	the attack took place in her family's south african home on january 27 and marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia.
campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90-year-old law that would fix the date of easter in a bid to boost the economy.	ministers could be asked to make sure easter day always falls between april 9 and 15.	businesses can plan holiday rotas in advance and allow the travel industry to better prepare for the summer season.
ciara nugent may benefit from the right to buy scheme being extended to housing association tenants as her mother plans to buy her a property.	a number of people are currently paying around £150 a week to live in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden in london.
obama announced today $200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq.	he has been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other u.s. weapons during his visit.	president barack obama announced today $200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq.
the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood, played by kevin spacey, and his wife claire, played by robin wright.	lunch is never just lunch when you’re dining in the shadow of capitol hill.
prime minister said seven key tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder.	the tory leader set out a seven point plan which he said would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving.
luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's soho nightclub on may 12, 2013.	the 23-year-old privileged son of andrew lazarus, the owner of the venue in sydney’s kings cross, was jailed for at least three years for the crime on march 27.
jake shaw was just beginning his gap year - volunteering as a climbing instructor at kandersteg international scout centre - when the tragedy occurred last year.	the 21-year-old had fallen 25ft (8m) from the upper floor of the building in the early hours of august 1.	it is then believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window and toppled out of the window at the adventure camp in interlaken, switzerland.
hannah moore, 20, of broxburn in west lothian, had suffered stretchmarks after having twins, and had posted the images in a bid to boost her confidence.	but two minutes later, the mum of twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate' nudity and violence'.	hannah says the blocking of her account has made her think her body is' clearly fat, ugly and disgusting and it made people feel sick'.
texas highway was thrown into chaos on friday when the door of brinks armored truck flew open, causing money to spill onto the road.	the passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a' substantial amount of money' to be blown out.	police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars.
biso the cat was stuck behind a wall at a cairo train station for five years.	the cat survived thanks to an elderly man called uncle abdo who fed him scraps of food every day.	animal rights activist mounira shehata told the newspaper the smell when the wall was removed was' heinous'.	animal activists even visited the station to feed biso during the revolution in egypt in 2011.
chantelle doherty was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man in which she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky.	her friend martin lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work.	doherty has now been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary, three counts of fraud and one count each of robbery and attempted theft.
audrie pott, 15, killed herself in 2012 after drinking gatorade at a friend's party in saratoga.	the pair, who have not been named, admitted audrie pott was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their' criminal acts' as they reached a civil settlement with her family.	they also apologized for sharing false rumors spread around saratoga high school in northern california that' served to shame and humiliate her'.	her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault.
vietnamese binh wagner, 3, and her identical twin phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to alagille syndrome.	but when phuoc needed a donor just a little more, their adopted father chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match.	thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, binh and her sister phuoc are both on their road to recovery.
sheriff mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds.	18-year-old has been arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder.	it comes after officers arrested another 18-year-old on suspicion of murder.
dante de blasio, the son of new york city mayor bill de blasio, has been accepted into several top colleges including ivy league universities yale and brown.	the mayor's son, who is 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school will make his decision by the end of the month.	despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure salary of college is now expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education.
louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold.	she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm.	ms nesbitt - who had employed at dragon mountain gold since 2004 - was fired five days after the incident.	she filed a unfair dismissal complaint with the fair work commission.
the anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis (ms).	in laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.	common creams used to treat athlete's foot and eczema could cure multiple sclerosis.
expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks on gopro cameras outside the iss on february 25 and march 1.	the spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft, which nasa hope will be in operation by 2017.
shannon dooley has founded' retrosweat' - an eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of jane fonda's iconic workouts.	retrosweat is inspired by the era of old-school vhs workouts made famous by jane fonda.
nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election.	a party strategist said' something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list.	a ukip source said:' it will be a broad and open offer to those on low and middle incomes'.
justin jackson, a florida man, has been carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies, or winning himself a job in luxurious hotels.	jackson is being sued by oprah's tv network as well as love - the college basketball star who went on to be the president's personal assistant.	angel agarrat, left, is also named in a florida lawsuit attempting to get the pair to stop posing as other people.
lisa courtney, of hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia.	she now holds the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon memorabilia.	her mother had to move to the house to make room for her daughter's collection.
the two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years.	the feature is located on the surface of the moon's near side which is characterised by low elevations and numerous ancient volcanic plains.	scientists believe the rifts are buried beneath dark volcanic plains in this area.
maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london.	the married father-of-one asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london.	staff said nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ‘outrageous’.	manager jay shah said he was ‘ very drunk’ and bouncers threatened to throw him out several times.
five-year-old boy was not the most likely candidate to take on six heavily armed troops.	the dark-haired child, dressed in combat gear, raced back to safety after launching a series of missiles at around six heavily armed officers.	the incident raised fears palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence.
delroy facey, 34, is alleged to have contacted a non-league player via whatsapp to fix matches.	he is accused of conspiring with non-league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery.	facey, whose former clubs include hull city and west bromwich albion, is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches.
david adam pate, 25, told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013.	the 25-year-old serial criminal, who pleaded guilty to the murder on thursday, told police he just wanted to' cut his dad gum head off,' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife,' just like the one michael myers used in (the movie) halloween).	james's two brothers described him as the' devil', admitting that they wanted him to suffer in prison.
wandsworth council in london has announced that it is set to remove the rule giving an automatic place to a pupil's brothers and sisters even if the family has moved out of the catchment area.	this comes after it was revealed that 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school, with more than 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices.	wandsworth council has announced that it is set to remove the rule giving priority to pupils' siblings.
footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey, as the water all around turns bloody.	the footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of wales.
kseniya soukeras, who is due in august, wants to name her unborn child michael, after her late father.	her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon, after his own father.	because they have been unable to settle their disagreement privately, the couple has launched an online petition asking for help to sway his wife.
ryan wray, 26, was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last october and his march 24 arrest.	wray, who served as the 2013 and 2014 pi kappa alpha president, was tasked with keeping safe women who' could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house.
alfred guy vuozzo, 46, swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for murdering brent mcguigan, 68, and his son, brendon, 39, on prince edward island last august.	vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970.	brent's father, herbert, who was behind the wheel, received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving.
alarm clock, called wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound.	the wall-mounted device creates a ‘ personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner.
uk oil & gas investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels worth of oil reserves in the weald basin, near gatwick airport.	the potential goldmine in the weald basin, across surrey, sussex, hampshire and kent, could meet up to a third of britain’s oil demand within 15 years.
the yazidi girl has recently been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the islamic state, where women and young girls are known to be kept as' sex slaves'.	earlier this week, more than 200 yazidi women, children and elderly were released near kirkuk, northern iraq after being taken by isis militants.
the cash will be put towards the abbey's restoration fund.	it is aiming to raise £20million to repair the collapsing floor, fit heating powered by the bath springs, and expand the building.	the church has been granted £10.4million of heritage lottery funding, but only provided they can raise the additional £7.1million by the end of the year.
amy hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year.	the sports therapist started her first marathon in chester on august 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in manchester on september 27.	the challenge saw amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record.	super fit amy hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year.
you can spot dolphins at cardigan bay, the dolphin capital of britain.	wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be.	the miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level.
pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis.	she said that she endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression.
jessica bialek was missing since about 8:30am on wednesday morning.	she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance.	ms bialek's husband sabino matera confirmed she was home with a post on his facebook page.	police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one.
ryan reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook.	it is unknown as to what period the check occurred in or if reaves returned to the ice, one tooth lighter.	st. louis forward ryan reaves appeared to have a full mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer.
researchers studied the effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice using a high-tech mri scanner at the hadassah medical school in jerusalem.	expectant mums really do bloom - for being pregnant has a' rejuvenating effect' on women, according to new scientific research.
isis was removed from the official list of future pacific hurricane names by the un's world meteorological organization.	the wmo hurricane committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group.	isis had been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016.
kathy hughes, 12, was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last wednesday.	he is now under house arrest at their ruskin, florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone, a charge that could send him to prison for four years.	hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol' a huge thrill' and shared footage of the flight from virginia, across washington d.c. and his safe landing on the west lawn.
julia van herck, 42, from fulham, underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone after tying the knot with stefan in 1993.	she wore a size 26 to size 28 and would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband would leave her.	she has since slimmed down to 11 stone.
jalila - whose name has been changed, is just one of a number of harrowing accounts given by women who have escaped captured by the brutal islamist organisation which is taking over swathes of territory in syria and iraq.	study undertaken by human rights watch found fighters were kidnapping women and children as young as eight, forcing them to marry and convert to islam.
hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica.	the animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible.	the animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible.
stephanie scott, 26, was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton on easter sunday afternoon.	the teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday.	police hold concerns for ms scott's welfare as her disappearance is reported to be out of character,' a statement from police said.
the interactive map was created by writer levi pearson, who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb.	it begins in 1933 with the first ufo sightings being spotted over california and nebraska in the us, the uk and france in europe, and locations in japan and australia.
the mortgage has reached a ‘watershed’ moment with the launch of the first five-year fixed rate below 2 per cent.	but the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix.	experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind.
mi5 would have more important things to worry about than running a competition for blue peter viewers to go to ‘ spy school’.	but that is exactly what has happened, after three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5’s london hq.	it comes at a time when the uk’s intelligence agencies are busier than ever before fighting threats from al qaeda.
emma hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer after she was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene.	she is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks as specialists try to keep the disease at bay.	mrs hannigan has battled cancer nine times in the last seven years.
youtuber dave hax’s ingenious new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler.	the process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato, without letting it cut through the potato flesh.
zachary davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling josh.	davis, now 17, laughed as he killed his mother melanie davis in august 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing.	davis is charged with first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder and aggravated arson and the court was shown gruesome images of the crime scene.
nadine crooks, 33, was stunned to discover she was expecting again.	she stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had her fourth child.	doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again following the birth of her son joshua 18 months ago.
more than 700 black bears, over a third of those held in captivity in vietnam.	farmers claim the extinction-threatened bears are dying from disease and old age.	sources say the bears are being massacred as the vietnamese government attempts to crackdown on illegal bear bile farms.
a group of students organized a anti-gay day protest at mcguffey high school in washington county encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing'anti-gay' on their hands.	the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.	thursday's anti-gay day protest is understood to have been a reaction to the previous day's event.
robin weld, who lives in parched sacramento, recently took the step of converting her home's toilet into a toilet-sink.	for $100, weld purchased the sink positive, she told cbs sacramento.	clean water comes in through the faucet and then fills the tank instead of simply going to waste.
flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every spitfire and defiant flight he took to defend britain from the aerial onslaught from hitler's luftwaffe.	the pilot gave his teddy, named beaumont bear, a raf tie and printed the royal crest, the letters am for air ministry and his nickname' bea' on his chest.	he was known as one of' the few', which comes from winston churchill's famous phrase:' never, in the field of human conflict'.
ed sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer.	the british singer took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital.
richard rogers, a hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii, aka liholiho, the second king of hawaii.	rogers volunteered his time aboard his research vessel, the pilialoha, over a five year period in four-week intervals from 1995 to 2001 to pull up the treasures.	rogers said the king's belongings were buried in 10 feet of sand.
the robot, named bb-8, took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim, california.	it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body.	jj abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works.
sir david nicholson is the latest expert to warn that ed miliband’s plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going.	the lifelong bureaucrat had led the west midlands strategic health authority, which oversaw mid staffs, before labour appointed him to run the nhs in 2006.
nigel short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking.	the chess commentator made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess.	nigel short has controversially claimed women were not suited to playing chess.
mary kay letourneau and her student-turned husband vili fualaau, 31, sat down for an interview with barbara walters on the eve of the couple's 10-year wedding anniversary.	the couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle.	she then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996.
davion navar henry only wanted a family that would' love him forever'.	his mother gave birth to him behind bars has finally found a home.	davion only has been adopted by his old case worker, connie bell.
researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin e found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells.	after a heavy night of drinking, your immune system is bound to be weaker.
visual health studios in colorado has developed a weight loss app called visualize you.	it calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight.	shown on the left is tv star james corden at his current weight, 210lbs (95kg).
hillary clinton's secret service-approved campaign van, nicknamed' scooby,' was photographed outside jones street java house during a campaign visit on april 14 in le claire, iowa.	she popped into a coffee house in le claire, iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea.	at tuesday's stop people actually recognized her.	clinton focused her roundtable discussion on education issues, student loans and income inequality.
mohammed waqar, 23, and mohammed siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster at the uk islamic mission's mosque in sparkbrook, birmingham.	the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between may 1 and june 13 last year.	mohammed waqar, 23, and mohammed siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting a youngster at the uk islamic mission jamia mosque in sparkbrook.
the letter, dated may 7, was sent from white star lines to christopher moody, the brother of 24-year-old officer james moody, who died after the titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage.	in it, company bosses demand £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return his body to england, and state that christopher moody will have to pick up the tab from there.
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant.	when she lost it, she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it.	when she could n't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it up, but there was no way of checking.
kendall schler cheated her way to the front of the st. louis marathon's st. louis marathon last weekend.	her times that qualified her to run in monday's boston marathon have now been erased.	schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race (violation of race protocol) and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles.
ben fogle is a tv star with his little boy by one of the five swimming pools.	the high-end resort, which opened in 2010, is renowned as being one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday.
bay county sheriff frank mckeithen described the graphic video as the' most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen likened the scene to' wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods'.	he says the footage shows several men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair.	delonte martistee, 22, and ryan calhoun, 23, have been suspended from troy university in the wake of sexual assault claims.
nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface, such as ceres.	nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on earth - and some may even contain life, according to nasa.	nasa officials claim we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next 10 to 20 years.
marisa curlen, 20, was a sophomore at the harrisonburg college and a member of the alpha phi sorority.	police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death.	it could take up to three months to find out what the college sophomore had in her system the night she died.
cristina coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's blue 2003 chevy stepside.	the sequence of events leading up to the successful sting began on tuesday when the truck was stolen from coria's driveway, khou reported.	when coria went on facebook, she saw an ad for a blue 2003 chevy stepside bed that looked familiar.	she put two and two together and arranged to meet the man with her husband at a gas station parking lot near i-45 in houston, texas.
andras janos vass, 25, was found guilty of luring young, gay eastern european men to the united states for a horrific life of sex slavery.	vass brought men to america with promises of easy work and high wages - then took their travel documents, threatened their families, and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work.
isis fighters have fled the iraqi city of ramadi after isis forces intensified their offensive on the iraqi city.	the advance is widely seen as an isis's attempt at an counteroffensive after being forced to abandon the important iraqi city of tikrit.	american troops previously fought some of their bloodiest battles against al-qaida insurgents in ramadi.
new interactive map has revealed public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties.	click on the interactive map below to find out which regions think global warming is happening.
emmanuel sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench.	anti-immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots.
manchester airport forced to temporarily suspend flights today after drone was reported buzzing around the area.	all flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting raised fears that the unmanned aerial vehicle could collide with a passenger jet.	some departing flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area shortly after 11:30am.	police continue to investigate the report of the sighting.
scientists say they have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as antarctica and concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade.	the gases - desflurane, isoflurane and sevoflurane - are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide.
missouri national guard referred to ferguson protesters as' enemy forces'.	national guard soldiers secure the police command center in ferguson, missouri, on november 27 last year.	an internal report has revealed that the heavily-militarized guard referred to protesters as' enemy forces' including the kkk, the rgb black rebels and the new black panther party.
harry potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997.	the common use of' arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion.
david cameron has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy, the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family.	he is convinced he is a cool parent, a view not shared by his three children or his wife claire.	nancy has taken to using the putdown' that is so phil dunphy'.
almond growers in california are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades.	the state, which supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion (£3.3bn) almond market, is in its fourth year of drought.
consumer advocates told the federal trade commission in a letter tuesday.	google introduced the app in february as a' safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to'family-focused content.	but the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials.
graham palmer is the first to admit his poetic works are n't shakespeare.	northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour.	the rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since.
texas health resources filed a response on friday to the march 2 lawsuit by nurse nina pham.	pham, who remains employed at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit.	the hospital also respected pham's privacy and acted only with her consent, the statement said.
zella jackson price, 76, and melanie diane gilmore, 49, met in-person at price's olivette home.	when price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died.	but gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family.	price and gilmore immediately embraced when the daughter arrived at her mother's house in olivette, missouri.
thabo sefolosha blamed six officers from the new york police department (nypd) for breaking his leg after they forced him to the ground and arrested him.	sefolosha was wrestled over by officers and grabbed around the neck last week on the same night that indiana pacers player chris copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 oak club in chelsea, new york.	sefolosha's statement says he has experienced a' significant injury' and that it was' caused by the police'.
fears for two new strains of influenza, which caused a spike in deaths in europe and the united states, will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on australian shores.	stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza b strain b/phuket.	experts say the modified version of the vaccination is worth waiting for.
tyrus byrd, 40, was sworn in as mayor last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor.	the officials all cited' safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says.	there are 713 people living in the community and, according to the us census bureau, 57percent are black.
italian bio-designers mhox has unveiled project is has been working on to 3d print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease.	the group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight.
stephen king's hit novel series the dark tower is on its way to big and small screens near you.	the writer, who penned shawshank redemption and the shining, slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini-series.	these are just two of the eight novels which king spent over 40 years writing.
cindy santamaria-williams, of stroudsburg, pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday.	santamaria-williams claims the unidentified teens waited for her outside the theater where they pummeled her.	santamaria-williams said she would remember the girls' faces without difficulty.
young boy crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side while reeling on the bank of what appears to be a lake, the youngster – with a big grin on his face – holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod.	he then lays it on the floor before confidently putting his finger in its mouth, removing the hook and proudly lifting it up to the camera.
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children and many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius.	parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh.
marilyn zuniga, a teacher at forest street school in orange, new jersey, assigned her third-grade class to write' get well' letters to a sick inmate convicted of killing a philadelphia police officer was suspended friday.	the letters were delivered to mumia abu-jamal in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes.	she has now been suspended without pay, pending an investigation.
collective ceremony billed the first of its kind to be held in china.	organised by a new social media app designed for pets.	organisers said the event was designed to give pets and their owners.
shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax.	he was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax.	businesses are already concerned about labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax – paid by all large firms on their profits.
brighton holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the lewis carroll classic, with not one but two alice in wonderland themed houses to stay in.	the large dining room table comes complete with engraved quotes from the book, with them mirrored on the other side and if you are looking at them through a looking glass.
indonesia's plan to execute myuran sukumaran and andrew chan has not dented australian tourist visits to the island.	the number of australians visiting bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year.	indonesia institute president ross taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about indonesia among fellow nationals.
cleopatra was known for her love of perfume, liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip.	cleopatra believed that smelling divine was the real key to a man's heart.
morrissey has written a letter to australian retailer the just jeans, portmans, dotti, dotti, peter alexander, jacqui e, and jay jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur.	peta australia has been petitioning the just group to reconsider their position after successfully getting other retailers, including david jones, myer, sportsgirl, general pants co and jeanswest.
barbie's instagram page came to be when barbie's vice president of design, kim culmone, realized that in addition to the official @ barbie account - which promotes the brand's products - the doll could also be presented in a more editorial way, taking inspiration from fashion magazines.
ophelia conant had managed to crawl through a gap in the cot at her home in holmer green, buckinghamshire, but was left hanging mid air by her neck.	the 19-month-old was left dangling mid air by her neck and was only saved because her mother had been watching her on the baby monitor.	days later a second toddler was found dangling from the £450 bed with his forehead jammed against the horizontal handrail.
grand rapids, michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect jalin smith-walker in connection to the monday evening fight.	but as of thursday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman.
stefan stoykov, a senior at north central high school in indianapolis, moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english.	now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet.
chloe jackson, 19, appeared on today's this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely.	the survey, funded by the big lottery, found more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point.
tories claimed russian leader vladimir putin would be happy with ed miliband because he can not be trusted to keep our trident submarines.	defence secretary michael fallon led survey suggesting up to three-quarters of labour election candidates oppose the replacement of trident.
more than 70,000 people across the world have signed a petition demanding mcdonald's remove spikes that deter the homeless from sleeping outside one of its restaurants.	the fast food giant has caused fury after installing metal studs outside its branch in leeds city centre, which critics say are there to stop people sleeping rough.	mcdonald's has defended the use of the spikes, claiming they were installed two years ago in an attempt to stop anti-social behaviour, not target the homeless.
aluel manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children's about 5.15pm on friday.	greeted her mother, akon goode, with a' big hug', her father said.	mr manyang said his daughter was expected to make a'100 per cent' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days.
oklahoma transportation network company services act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.	however, sen. jason smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination.	society has figured out that when you enter the marketplace, you should have an expectation of being treated fairly.
finder.com.au money and real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers - and they need not cost thousands.	the house on the market and last sold four years ago for $5.5m.
australian entrepreneur jo burston, 43, achieved a turnover of $40 million in her first four years of business.	when i walked into the investor's office he had all these computer screens going and there was this energy in the room, says burston.	six weeks later i started job capitol and he became my first investor and mentor.
philip hammond pledged to protect the falklands from ‘ argentinian bullying’ last night.	it follows a provocative speech by argentinian president cristina fernandez de kirchner.	the legal complaint listed rockhopper exploration, premier oil, falkland oil and gas limited and us firms noble energy and edison international.
hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.	the advert features julia, 58, of mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old which requires her to use an ostomy bag.
john frost says he ‘wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch’ (stock image).	during his long career as a customs specialist at london airports, frost has had ‘ to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you’'.
karen buckley, 24, disappeared from the glasgow club in the early hours of sunday morning.	cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby kelvindale.	fears over the irish student’s safety were heightened yesterday after police revealed they had tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect.
keith macdonald has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers.	the man dubbed' britain's most feckless father' after having 15 children by the age of 30 is back on the market after he split from his most recent pregnant girlfriend.	jobless keith macdonald, 29, from sunderland in tyne and wear, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is estimated to cost the taxpayer over £2million.	he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother.
the man was found on the streets of gniezno in western poland in february.	he told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from.	he has remained in a psychiatric unit at the hospital, but his memory has yet to return.	he was found in gniezno, a historic city which used to be the capital of poland.
freddie gray, 27, died sunday after he' had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by four officers for an undisclosed violation.	baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake vowed to ensure the city held' the right people accountable' after his early-morning death at the university of maryland shock trauma center.	gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later.
dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his £615,000 flat.	he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years.	but the mother-of-one, 50, insists mr sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family.
robin esser, who has worked in newspapers for 60 years, is no exception.	his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column in the daily express.
david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the past which could explain these cake cases.	many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites which often include a' gift' category.	this year's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation.
che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne’s international comedy festival.	waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting' we stuffed up' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users.	aly admitted to the mistake to the audience, pointing out that the footage they’d used earlier was of two different people.
budget airline easyjet has been charging stranded customers a £10 fee for proof that their flight was cancelled.	the charge came to light when easyjet customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month.	the association of european airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this.
analysis of home office figures show that in areas such as devon and cornwall.	response times in some areas have been increased by 17 percent.	labour's shadow home secretary yvette cooper said:' this is the direct consequence of tory police cuts'.
robert ewing, 60, was said to have had an' inappropriate sexual interest' in 15-year-old paige chivers and took advantage of her' chaotic and dysfunctional' upbringing which had left her' very troubled and vulnerable'.	he is accused of murdering the schoolgirl, from blackpool, lancashire, in august 2007.	paige was 15 when she vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home and is currently on trial at preston crown court.
the omura's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa.	it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia.	environment minister albert jacob said the find was' highly significant' for whale scientists because very little was known about the species.
duchess of cambridge refused to let her style icon status slip during her second pregnancy.	from a £35 asos polka-dot dress to seraphine shifts, the duchess is proof that you do n't have to splash out to look gorgeous while expecting.
mohammed nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader adrian quinn to walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack.	he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother - and on realising his mistake says he felt' dazed'.	mr nisar believes' honesty is the best policy' and has returned a number of valuable lost items to passengers in the past.
the orcasub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration.	pilots will be encased in pressurised spaces with perspex domes, which give a 360 degree underwater view of everything from shipwrecks to coral reefs.
erica ann ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.	judge garrett d. page reportedly asked' what young man would not jump on that candy?' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student.
deputy labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares.	she told lbc radio:' we rule out increasing vat, the basic or the higher rate of tax'.
austrian designers maya pindeus, 24, and johanna pichlbauer, 25, have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make-up - by doing it for you.	the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush, while an attachment smears lipstick on lips, before lighting up when the process is complete.	women were then filmed testing the machine for the two university of vienna students' art project entitled beautification.
graeme finlay is accused of murdering husband and wife ronald and june phillips.	he claims he was ‘ignored’ when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu.	but the couple say they were ambushed.	mr phillips and his 69-year-old wife were on a 14-night holiday based in the canary islands.
dave heeley, 57, from west bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks.	the super-fit father-of-three, known affectionately by his friends as' blind dave', took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees.
jeremy hunt said a future conservative government would look into the findings' in detail'.	the mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
martin richard died at the finish line of the boston marathon on april 15, 2013, after the tsarnaev brothers set off twin pressure cooker bombs.	the penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole.	tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the april 15, 2013 attack on the boston marathon finish line.
gemma collins launched several additions to her evans range.	she showcased the collection at one of the high street chain's flagship stores in manchester.	the star of the only way is essex has launched her updated fashion range for plus-size retailer evans.
indiana state department of health officials said on friday.	there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county.	health officials have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested.
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte at midday on sunday.	she was driving a friend's car about 110km south to mount gambier in south australia's southeast.	the 25-year-old was due to return to naracoorte at about 7.30pm on sunday but when she did n't return the police were contacted.
the eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered during a dig at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of gdansk.	a spokesman for the regional office for the protection of monuments in gdansk said:' it is quite thick and rather large, made of leather and filled with bristles, and has a wooden tip that has preserved in excellent condition'.
poll found that parking charges topped the list of fees and charges that frustrate consumers the most.	they topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges in the poll by insurer direct line, followed by atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel.
noelle baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door.	the body had been partially eaten by the jack russell and staffordshire bull terrier, which are initially thought to have tried to wake her.	it is believed the 61-year-old from winchester, hampshire, collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication.
waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year.	it is stocking large jack hawkins, aromatic red choice and tiny baby plums.	the supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
abdul hadi arwani, 48, may have been assassinated by the governing regime.	the father of six was found slumped in a volkswagen passat with wounds to his chest on a street in wembley on tuesday morning.	last night it emerged that metropolitan police counter-terrorism officers were now leading the inquiry because of its potential' international dimensions'.
the city's colourful fiestas, combining spanish and inca traditions, often last for days.	during the fortnight-long candlemas celebrations, dancers parade through the streets.	hotels stock oxygen to revive tourists from soroche - altitude sickness - an affliction that causes shortness of breath, headaches and worse.
naomi campbell and her modern-day protegee jourdan dunn to team up for a new campaign.	the duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames, which were designed to reflect the timelessness, craft and innovation of cotton gabardine.
coconut oil was the health food du jour in 2014.	but there's a new superfood on the block, which is thought to enhance your mood, renew skin and even help with menopause symptoms.	say it can help enhance your mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms.
teenager from mossley, greater manchester, can not be named for legal reasons.	he was caught after an investigation was launched by the north west counter-terrorism unit in january.	the dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods, but the anonymous and encrypted nature of it has attracted large amounts of illegal activity.
jia huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for £22,000 each – nearly 18 times the monthly salary of chinese president xi jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in shanghai.	mr jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords, which are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as canada.
thirty-five people died and 125 have been injured after a suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in jalalabad early saturday morning when the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle, killing 35 people and injuring another 125.	the group, which included military personnel as well as civilians, were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled around them when the bomb exploded in the busy commercial district.	islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack.
pixie curtis was the youngest attendee at toni maticevski's spring/summer 2015-2016 mercedes benz fashion week australia show on tuesday.	jacenko's daughter pixie is already an instagram star thanks to her mother's social media updates.
the united states has deployed the aircraft carrier uss theodore roosevelt off the coast of yemen.	it has deployed the massive aircraft carrier uss theodore roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the embattled country to keep an eye on the shipment - and' in response to the deteriorating security situation'.	the cargo ships' presence raised fears within the saudi-led coalition which is helping yemen's government fight off iranian-backed rebels known as the houthis.
the knightsbridge flat, london, is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes.	the cost would work out at £191,000 per year, or £15,000 per month - which is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area.	the property is being sold by russell simpson for £575,000 - the same price as a three-bedroom house in stanmore, middlesex.
janek zylinski, the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring that he had' had enough' of the ukip leader.	the polish prince, who lives in ealing, west london, begins his video by introducing a gold sculpture of his father, captain andrzej zylinski.	in the online video he declares that he has had enough of the discrimination against immigrants from people such as mr farage.
isabelle obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they meet.	believes that a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
ed miliband said the police are' struggling to keep up' with the rise in child sexual exploitation, terrorism and online crime while public safety is being' put at risk' by a chaotic prison and probation system.	police and crime commissioners (pccs) would be axed to help fund the £800 million plan to guarantee neighbourhood policing across england and wales.
glynis bensley was murdered by petri kurti, 13, as she walked home.	his co-defendant, zoheb majid, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars.	sentencing judge john warner said the boy had been' running wild' in his home.
clarkson was sacked by the corporation after an ‘ unprovoked physical and verbal’ attack in hawes, north yorkshire that left his victim, oisin tymon, 36, in need of hospital treatment.	clarkson said he had now been given the all-clear, but wrote in his column in the sunday times:' it was beyond-belief stressful, everything was gong wrong, and then you know... there you go.	but i couldn’t do that.	we were in the middle of a top gear series.
the four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the 57-room mansion homeden, home to supreme court justice sir henry hodges and more famously the nicholas family who found their fortune in the manufacture of the drug aspro.	the blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a homeden original.	she told daily mail australia that while the doors of the' breathtaking' property have not yet been opened to potential buyers.
sydney photographer jessica bialek made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts.	the 37-year-old was safe, mr matera wrote on facebook:' dear world of friends and family, i am here to express my most sincere gratitude for the amazing support from all of you'.	ms bialek's husband, sabino matera, confirmed she was home with a post on his facebook page.
police have released an image of a bearded young man in relation to a suspected arson attack on a melbourne church in dandenong.	detectives have issued a photo of a brown haired, caucasian male wearing a black top who they want to speak to after a fire was started at st mary's catholic church in dandenong on april 1.	the dandenong fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three melbourne catholic churches with links to paedophile priests.	police are yet to determine the exact cause of the fire which is being treated as suspicious.
harry was out with his parents in cambridge on monday when he was caught under a cyclist's wheel while he was out in cambridge with his parents.	the incident took place while the family were parking up to go shopping on a path which is used by both cyclists and walkers.	police have now urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
stephanie scott's devastated father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.	ms scott's father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.
green party leader natalie bennett used a blog called the daily maybe to defend' rape fantasies', describe paedophiles as' complex human beings' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register.	ms bennett's profile has soared in recent months, buoyed by rising poll ratings and green party membership in england passing 60,000 for the first time.
elon musk pursued a sale of struggling electric-car company tesla to google in 2013.	bloomberg reporter ashlee vance said in an excerpt of his biography elon musk: tesla, spacex and the quest for a fantastic future, which will be published may 19.	musk proposed that google buy tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions.
linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in the tiny town of halfway in august of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger.	the 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her' preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.	class was out of session that's left teacher linda mclean with post-traumatic fears years later.
max maisel went missing on february 21, after his car was found abandoned on the shore of lake ontario, new york.	the 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on monday, the rochester democrat and chronicle reported.	the family, from fairfield, connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999.
biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line.	johnny savile is accused of abusing seven women, while jimmy savile raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
philadelphia eagles signed tim tebow to a one-year contract on monday.	tebow, 27, has n't played in a regular season since 2012 when he was with the new york jets.	tebow has n't played a snap in the nfl since being cut by the new england patriots.
kate t. parker, from atlanta, georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters ella, nine, and alice, six, playing soccer.	the project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are and how that is ok -not only ok - but worthy of celebration,' she told daily mail online in an email.
historian claims he has unraveled what may have lead to the downfall of ancient egypt and other bronze age civilisations collapse.	he claims they were hit by a' perfect storm' of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the ancient egyptians, the babylonians, minoans and mycenians unable to cope.
golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the elvis at the o2 exhibition from sunday.	it is making a special two month appearance at the elvis at the o2 exhibition from sunday.
mick tabone, 74, previously owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989.	for 20 years the farmer would sit on the enormous creature's back while he chatted to him, and never once felt as though he was in danger.	mr tabone then spent the next six months setting up traps for the huge creature, in a last bid to save him after a warrant had been issued to kill the croc.
annabel jensen, grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse have both transitioned gender.	grayson moore, 22, is a math student at the university of utah.	he made the decision to throw out his girls' clothes, swap his name to grayson and start living as a male.
danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi, 10, and daughter dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.	the meitivs, both of them scientists, have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours.	attorney matthew dowd is representing the meitivs and on tuesday sent a ointed letter regarding sunday's events.
satine cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against north melbourne at adelaide oval on sunday.	but just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers, the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium.	tex quickly stepped up to help calm satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
privately-educated westley capper, 37, has already admitted driving agnese klavina, 30, away from the nightspot in the upmarket costa del sol resort of puerto banus.	police believe 5ft 7in agnese was forced into the vehicle.	the overweight expat - who has never been publicly named - showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned.
justin welby will say in his easter sermon that 148 christian students slaughtered by somali gunmen were ‘witnesses’ to their faith and suffered ‘ cruel deaths’.	his comments follow pope francis’s denunciation of the ‘senseless’ killings at garissa university college, in which christians were singled out and shot.
rachel lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their evans, georgia home.	the mom-of-five, who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce, also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party, used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters.	but earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying:' everyone makes mistakes'.
charlotte li, 26, from london, decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after they achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick.	she said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling ‘ fat and unhealthy’.	joe also charted his own success through a series of selfies before he decided to launch healthy selfie.
felix found the hotel, lake, gardens and trails to be an adventure playground for his young family.	it is astonishing to find such wilderness so close to the city.	we use the club as a drop-in once or twice a day.
footage shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces.	but as it begins to fall back down to earth, the car detonates like a firework, either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting.	the footage is the latest in a string of videos released by kurdish forces which show isis launching bungled attacks in iraq.	compilation clips released on youtube also show militants being killed or injured by back-firing mortars, malfunctioning machine guns and misfiring rockets.
edwin' jock' mee allegedly told the 18-year-old, from sierra leone, that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him.	he is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15.
gerry pickens, 28, is suing orting, washington, for firing him.	he decided to file a suit after vandals sprayed racist graffiti on his car.	pickens was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous posting in atlanta, georgia.
duane allman died late friday in a single-vehicle crash near cartersville, georgia.	the former drummer and a founding member of the southern hard rock band lynyrd skynyrd, robert' bob' burns jr, died late friday.	burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree, georgia state patrol spokeswoman said.	burns was one of five people who founded the band in jacksonville, florida, and played on its first two albums.
gaza police have seized the work' under a court order' from bilal khaled, who is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the darduna family without telling them its real value.	the now homeless family in the impoverished islamist-run palestinian enclave says they were' tricked' into selling it for just $200.	it is now being held at khan yunis public library.
robert mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived into south africa for a state visit today.	however, it was apparent that the photograph emerged after a bit of camera trickery, and the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him.	the image emerged amid claims the president of zimbabwe is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him.
sir ranulph fiennes is receiving medical attention at the marathon des sables after running for 30 hours in temperatures topping 50c.	the explorer previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.	he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage.
doug hughes, 61, is home in ruskin, florida, for his house arrest as he awaits his court date.	he has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin, florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until 10am on monday to register with a probation officer.	he is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on monday.
neil macgregor said he is stepping down from the job at the end of the year.	he previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster - most notably on his radio 4 series a history of the world in 100 objects which was inspired by the museum's collection.	the museum in great russell street is now ready to embark on a new phase - deploying the collection to present different histories of the world.
kelly ilczyszyn claims her husband richard could have survived his heart attack on a southwest flight if he suffered a heart attack on board.	ilczyszyn's wife kelly, who is a southwest flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act.	kelly has filed a wrongful death suit against southwest airlines.
tiger woods has revealed his wrist bone popped out after he swung and hit a tree root during the final round of the masters on sunday.	the 39-year-old was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws.
labour leader announced plans to overhaul britain's non-domicile regime.	but it later emerged that labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.	labour aides suggested the change in the rules, which date back to the 18th century, would raise as much as £1billion.
facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless.	the clip shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio, as containing' potentially offensive nudity'.	facebook had taken the clip off their page, fans commented that it was' outrageous' and' ridiculous'.
david hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in july 2012.	underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel.	doctors told him the cancer was terminal - so he decided to try cannabis oil.	he is now looking forward to the future after tying the knot with his partner heather martin, 26.
kathy bush made national headlines when she was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention.	fort lauderdale lawyer robert buschel, who defended kathy in her criminal trial and released jennifer's statement on wednesday, told the sun sentinel.	jennifer spent the first years of her life in and out of the hospital as she battled chronic illness.
lindsey vonn was back at augusta friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods (above) play in the second round of the masters.	vonn looked stressed at times though woods played a solid round, carding a three-under-par 69.	woods is still well behind the leader, hot young american star jordan spieth.
brits wake up grumpier than anyone else in the western world.	seven hours a night – only the japanese, south koreans and singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.	people in these three countries have an excuse – they spend less time in bed.
justin bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his' set in the street' project.	bettman, sometimes with the help of designer gozde eker, would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub.	bettman said after he read the email there' was n't even a question' on whether he would say yes.
the dmz was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south.	it is next to a burgeoning surf spot for south korean hipsters, gangsters, ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class.	photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties.
mitchelle blair, 35, from michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture.	court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry.	blair also said alexander dorsey was' never there' for his children.
mercury is expected to reach 25c (77f) in the south east today.	temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week.	this will beat marseille at 22c (72f), athens at 21c (70f), rome at 19c (66f) and madrid at night, with temperatures set to reach a record for this year.
motorist in china drove past an injured woman who turned out to be his mother.	neighbours told him she had left early that morning with the intention of meeting him.	he called police but his mother from wuhu, in anhui province, died on the way to hospital, it was reported.
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon has warned david cameron she will trigger' out' vote in the tories' proposed poll on eu membership.	she also revealed that she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election.
david, 53, and wife sandra, 52, were harassmed by david's sister.	the couple have spoken about their family feud on channel 5 documentary.	sandra first met david after his 20-year marriage fell apart and her friend anne, david's sister, suggested they meet.
police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is, but a police report confirmed the man was detained with scott and put in the back of a police car.	the 33-year-old patrolman has been charged with murder after 50-year-old walter scott was gunned down last saturday in north charleston, south carolina.	it has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force, despite being allowed to shed light on what happened between officer michael slager pulling the pair over - and the beginning of the bystander video which shows scott being shot dead.
clint gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside brisbane to wandoan in regional queensland.	only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes.	mr gee planned to place his mother, elizabeth hobbs, who died last year, with his father, alex gee, who died in 1964.
clarence taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron, ohio.	taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days.
prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra as revellers scrambled to get a piece of the royal on their camera phones.	the prince is in australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans.
scottish student caitlin mcneill, 21, posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles, it sparked an internet debate so furious even a-listers could n't resist getting involved.	the snp stalwart, 44, wore the opinion-splitting ensemble, which has variously been described as blue, grey and green.	papers have changed the colour, giving a less flattering skin tone (making her look harsh).
kim kardashian and her 22-month-old daughter north west wear matching back while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body.	kim said that if she turns around for a second, north will have her lipstick' all over her face'.
daniel boykin, 33, plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes.	boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at nashville international airport and was subsequently sentenced to six months prison.
shanay walker's death was the culmination of' repeated acts of cruelty' at hands of her aunt and grandmother, juanila smikle, until she was eventually killed by a' vicious and sustained attack' last july.	the youngster, who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death, was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in bestwood, nottingham, last july.	the prosecution claim shanay was subject to repeated acts of cruelty at the hands of her aunt as a five-year-old in 2012 after her natural mother - morris' sister-in-law - struggled to care for her.
the grey ‘stealth’ speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election.	hidden cameras credited with a 25 per cent spike in speeding fines could be banned from motorways within months.	labour has pledged to repaint them yellow so they are easier for drivers to spot.
janet faal, 57, was out with a friend in crawley, west sussex.	she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap.	she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a' splits' position as only one of her legs went down the hole when she slipped.
utah photographer alan lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, wil, had down syndrome his' mind was flooded with many emotions, most of which were not positive.	lawrence said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish.	little wil has taken the limits off and' opened so many doors' for his family.
hassan munshi and talha asmal, both 17 and from dewsbury, west yorkshire, are thought to have fled to war-torn syria after travelling to turkey on tuesday last week.	the 17-year-olds from dewsbury, west yorkshire - billed by their families as two ‘ ordinary yorkshire lads’ - are believed to have travelled to war-torn syria.
christian longo, who murdered his wife and three children in oregon in 2001 before going on an alcohol-fulled mexican trip believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes.	he then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of cancun, mexico, where he posed as a shamed new york times reporter - before he was captured by the fbi, arrested and charged.	a film about his life starring jonah hill as former new york times journalist mike finkel has been released, and the brutal killer has spoken out from behind bars.
president barack obama arrived at the alfred street baptist church in alexandria, virginia, on sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service.	rev howard-john wesley opened the service by welcoming the president before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
paula duncan revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in an interview with studio 10.	the actress' daughter jessica orcsik explained her memories of finding her mother and calling an ambulance.	duncan, now 62, has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43.
bondi's icebergs club pool was drained on thursday to create a unique catwalk for mercedes-benz fashion week australia.	the label had no trouble securing the show-stopping location.	ten pieces is headed up by icebergs restaurateur maurice terzini and his partner lucy hinckfuss.
abdirahman sheik mohamud, a naturalized american citizen of somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism.	the justice department stated that mohamud was also an islamic state sympathizer, and that his brother, abdifatah aden, was killed fighting with the group in syria in 2013.	mohamud stated that he received training in shooting weapons, breaking into houses, explosives and hand-to-hand combat.
kenne worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august and the relationship turned sexual in january, fox10 reported.	the father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an ipod app, google hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name,' jesse smith'.	some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police.
obama has agreed to restrict its nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions.	iran has agreed to curb iran's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief.	the president's comments come days after the u.s. and other world powers reached a tentative agreement to curb iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.
new report from suncorp bank suggests australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year.	the report also found that families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles, couples without children and empty nesters.	men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services.
the new shepard system will fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles (100 km) above earth.	it will launch from blue origin's west texas facility near van horn, texas, southeast of el paso.	privately owned blue origin has not started selling tickets for flights on new shepard or released pricing information.
scientists quizzed more than 5,000 british teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50, including bridget jones' diary and aviator.	those who had watched the most films featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 per cent more likely to binge drink.
several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station at 4pm on friday.	several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday afternoon against government plans to close down remote indigenous australia.	indigenous leaders have also been highly critical of the state government's plans.
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance.	the older brother of comedienne mindy kaling has controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man.
rspca seized the owner's cats in september and further requested to have them surrendered in their care, the advertiser reports.	the resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats.	these are the shocking images of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in adelaide.
lindsay jo rimer went missing from hebden bridge, west yorkshire.	her body was discovered in rochdale canal five months later.	the teenager's sister kate described her family's struggle since lindsay jo's death.	she has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find lindsay jo's killer.
samantha fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in anderson on april 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from indiana's department of child services, according to police.	the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary after fleming's cell phone signal was picked up in the city, where the young mother's wallet was also found.	police have not released the name of the woman.
ed miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in bristol this morning.	labour leader was out campaigning in his first public appearance since saturday.	his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day.
jason warnock was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on wednesday morning, causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in lewiston, idaho.	but after saving the man, warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene.	after he was named on thursday, he met with the lewiston police department for an interview and it emerged he had been working at the time of the crash and had to get back to his job.
tabby cat george turned up 128 miles from its home after apparently hitching a ride in a caravan.	george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north wales five weeks later.	he has now been reunited with his owners after julia hill, who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in calderdale last week.
striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland, australia.	incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for the blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters.
artisan confectioners choc on choc's limited edition chocolates come in three different flavours.	david cameron’s bar is studded with blueberry pieces, ed miliband’s comes in a red raspberry flavour and the nick clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
chelsea clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the united states needs a female president in a new interview with elle.	clinton has come a long way from being the adolescent that grew up in front of our eyes while her dad was potus.
scientists say they have found 50 galaxies that may contain intelligent alien races.	they found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation.	within these galaxies, the researchers said it was possible that an alien race could be harnessing the power of the stars.
sofia vergara's ex nick loeb has hit out at the modern family star.	the 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos.	he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own.	loeb is a scion of the loeb and lehman families.
superior court judge m. marc kelly told an orange county jury that 20-year-old kevin jonas rojano-nieto' did not intend to harm' the three-year-old girl he raped at his family home in june.	the judge said that he was sure that although rojano-nieto sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she could n't scream out.	prosecutor have said they will appeal the decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated.
clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics.	the broadcaster, who recently hosted coverage of the boat race, has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc's rugby league coverage to crufts.	she told radio times magazine:' i used to say yes to everything i was offered'.
abase hussen, who blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join is earlier this year.	conceded the teenager was ‘maybe’ influenced by the rally organised by banned terror group al-muhajiroun.	mr hussen told mps last month, after his daughter amira abase fled to syria aged 15.	it then emerged he had been in caught in shocking video footage amid a flag-burning mob.
tether unlimited has revealed a system of robo spiders than can construct solar panels, trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit.	the system uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the earth by' spinning' building material into shape.	the robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft.
nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip's manifesto.	it includes several photographs of the party's top team.	it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid.
alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home.	he found a novel way to bring about a snappy rescue.	he dashed into a deserted country lane just as an rspca van drove by.
priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas.	the 69-year-old collaborated with nbc's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the' ultimate wedding'.	westgate, formerly the las vegas hilton, is where elvis performed more than 830 sold-out shows.
king felipe, queen letizia and their daughters princess sofia and princess leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at palma cathedral on the balearic isle.	queen letizia, 42, teamed a white jacket with smart black trousers and heels for the service while her daughters wore pretty above-the-knee outfits reflecting the spring sunshine.
the egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as pharaoh’s palace on its website, promises a' perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in tampa.	an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed' midsummer night wet dream' got the mansion, bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds, its first noise complaint.	grey was also charged with violating the county's noise ordinance, which was dismissed by a circuit judge on monday.
the original 1959 barbie doll has been reproduced and goes back on sale this saturday in australia.	the doll features a black and white striped one-piece swimsuit, black heels, gold hoop earrings and white sunglasses.	barbie is a true icon and one of a handful of toys that transcends generations.
design duo luke sales and anna plunkett presented their new collection' cooee couture' at the art gallery of nsw.	the models' beauty look featured rainbow dreadlocks and neon make-up designed by nigel stanislaus for maybelline.
brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services, which include youtube and the google+ social network.	but the ruling - the result of a five-year investigation into the american search giant – means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to brussels.	google has previously rejected the allegations, and insisted android is an open platform that is distributed for free.
david cameron said the conservatives had overseen a ‘ jobs miracle’ and britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the eu put together.	the plan had reduced the deficit from a record £153billion under labour in 2009-10 to £90billion last year.	david cameron said he was ‘ full of respect’ for what amounted to a highly unusual endorsement of the tories.
vaccine is designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells and is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer.	animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer.
senator bob corker said on sunday that congressional oversight' does n't mean there wo n't be a deal'.	he said congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the obama administration hard questions about it, before finally voting on it.
tracey cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention here she gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get someone's attention.	eighteen times more sensitive than our ears, our eyes are capable of responding to one and a half million simultaneous messages.
margaret and gary mazan had their 14 red setters seized by rspca inspectors.	court heard how the animals had matted fur, were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet.	magistrates heard the couple caused unnecessary suffering to some of the dogs by failing to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries.
armenia is a culturally rich city where the opera house is on republic square.	the yerevan opera house is a must-visit place in the armenian capital where local music and dance performances are highly regarded.	kim kardashian is in armenia with her husband kanye west and their daughter north.
thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops.	gang threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers.	men stole £145,000 from 13 shops in a two-month crime spree.	police found fluorescent jackets, identical to those used in the raids.
natasha elderfield, 41, chased her partner off the boat they shared after he discovered her below deck with her lover, whose trousers were around his ankles.	the court heard how she flew into a rage when boyfriend robert dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man.	mr dobinson, 33, is on trial at oxford crown court accused of the murder of her boyfriend robert dobinson, 33, in abingdon, oxfordshire.
jordan sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on friday by police in mckinney, texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun to friend raymond howell, jr.	when he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called to ask him if he'd seen her son.	when raymond failed to respond, sharifi turned him over and saw blood on his face, and found no pulse, he said.
training will commence at los angeles international airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union.	the complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from los angeles to london.	singleton's hair was patted down again two weeks later during a layover at minneapolis international airport.
georgina bartter, 19, was just 19 when she died after collapsing on the dance floor in november last year.	she is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the' one and a half pills'.	ms hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told magistrate mark buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty.	police alleged ms hannibal, of cammeray, supplied a number of' purple speaker' pills in the lead up to the harbourlife dance festival.
the number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050.	statistics revealed by the pew research center show the percentage of atheists is expected to fall across the same time frame while muslims will outnumber christians by 2050.
shelly sterling's lawyers used recordings to show he bought stiviano a house, a ferrari and other things.	tuesday's ruling comes nearly a year after stiviano's recording of donald sterling making racially offensive remarks bounced him from the nba and cost him team ownership.	stiviano's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when donald and shelly were separated and that shelly sterling could n't seek them from a third party.
awel manyang, who is recovering in hospital, believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water.	her siblings - one-year-old brother bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger - died after their mother akon guode crashed her 4wd into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne's outer west on wednesday.	the children's father, joseph tito manyang, says five-year-old awel remains in a serious condition at the royal children's hospital but she remembers the accident.
jenny wallenda, 87, was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda.	she died late saturday at her home in sarasota, florida, according to family members.	wallenda's nephew, rick wallenda, said his aunt died following a lengthy illness.	he later fell to his death in 1978.
matthew bird, from ashburton, new zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic after he realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month.	he said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38,000 a year, if it meant his child support dropped to $554 a month.	mr bird has fathered three children and was previously expected to pay $1,300 a month in child support.
marie hunt of spring green, wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school, which was located six miles away from her home.	now a resident at meadows assisted living and memory care in spring green, the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by river valley high school, 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated.
brazilian commuter nelson felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform in rio de janeiro, two women hug and gaze into each others' eyes.	the viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant, as he mentions:' they are challenging social conventions, and this can be dangerous'.
british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python's galaxy song.	the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015.	it is a cover of the song from the 1983 film monty python's meaning of life.
lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson.	hudson was briefly married to phyllis gates (wedding photo above with james dean and elizabeth taylor on the set of giant).	garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay, but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star.
senior constable neale mcshane set to retire from his decade long post.	the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states.	he told daily mail australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling birsdville.	he recalled his second day on the job was 49 degrees, the hottest day in australia.
baby boom generation is set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren.	it predicted that numbers of deaths in britain have been falling for 40 years.	it will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades.
demi moore is selling the manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband bruce willis for a $75million asking price.	it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side.	moore and willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic san remo apartment building in 1990 from saturday night fever producer robert stigwood.
posters telling muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across an area of cardiff.	posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the grangetown suburb.	cardiff council says any religiously motivated or offensive stickers will be removed as a priority.
the 41-year-old man - identified only by his initials s.g., is said to have posted a' blasphemous' status on his facebook page.	if found guilty, the suspect could face up to seven years in jail, a fine of between dh250,000 to dh1 million, or both.
nicole mihai was told by new zealand immigration that she will have to return to romania as she is not a new zealand resident.	however, the family court have ruled that her young son, chris, is not able to reside than 50 kilometres from his new zealand father.	she now faces a distressing battle with the immigration agency who insist chris's future living arrangements' are not their problem.
budget retailer last week announced sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year becoming europe's largest single-price discount retailer.	the company's success has been put down to shoppers hunting and taking sales away from britain's four big supermarkets, asda, tesco, sainsburys and morrisons.
lake teller in boulder has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish.	the animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000.	it's believed, and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake.
new figures released by twitter reveal the queen is already the world's most popular online royal.	her majesty's account @ britishmonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers during its time online and more than double the 446,000 picked up by the prince of wales and his @ clarencehouse account.	spain's glamorous young royal couple, king felipe and queen letizia, come next and the duke and duchess of cambridge.
abbey clancy is helping to target breast cancer, by striking a sultry pose in a new charity campaign.	the winner of 2013's strictly come dancing joins singer foxes, victoria's secret angel lily donaldson, 28, and model alice dellal, 27, in the new series of pictures by photographer simon emmett for fashion targets breast cancer.	abbey says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer.
ards borough council in northern ireland spent more than £7,000.	staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party.	council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in december last year at the queens hall in newtonards, county down, with nearly £500 spent on festive decorations.
feidin santana, 23, visited the family's charleston, south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives.	santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on officer michael slager as he fired eight shots at scott, 50, in north charleston on saturday.	mr scott's father, walter scott, sr., also hugged the man and said:' i do n't know how this would've turned out without the video, i just want to thank you'.
a cancer-killing cocktail of the hormone drug tamoxifen and two coffees every day was found to reduce the risk of tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease.	tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells.	it is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause.
apple's first foray into the personal luxury goods market.	device was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment, but not to take home.	tim cook, interviewed on cable television channel cnbc, said initial orders were' great.
reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra and will be conducting wednesday’s funeral service.	he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone.
queen signs visitors' book as she met canadian highlanders to mark the bravery of the country's servicemen and women in the first world war.	her majesty posed for a photograph with the royal hamilton light infantry and canadian scottish regiment at a reception at canada house in trafalgar square, london.
kendra moad of kearns, utah followed her grandfather, who has not been named, out of the house as he pulled his truck up in the driveway.	he did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in front of his truck and killed her.	kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medical workers arrived.
george lucas has unveiled plans to build an affordable housing complex on his grady ranch in marin county, california.	the complex of affordable housing, funded and designed by the star wars director, would provide homes to 224 low-income families.
shaun worthington died instantly in a horror crash seconds after sending a text whilst driving home from a speed awareness course.	the 29-year-old died when his silver audi a4 collided with a truck on the a614 between burton agnes and haisthorpe, near bridlington, east yorkshire, on november 19 last year.	shaun was such a bright man and very popular with a lot of people.	he was on his way home to the house he shared with his sister andrea ward and her family in bridlington when the crash happened.
solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star.	during the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees fahrenheit.
david miscavige, the controversial leader of the church of scientology, allegedly had his apostate father followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the secretive organization.	the claims, which the church of scientology has categorically denied through its attorneys, come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive hbo documentary going clear.	ronald miscavige, 79, had recently left the church of scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986.
patrons are seen listening during a fiddle festival at twin sisters dance hall in blanco, texas.	kendalia halle's multi-tiered truss was decked out in white lights as bruce and louetta schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance.	patrons paid about $20 to hear bobby jordan and the ridgecreek band.
ten-year-old martha had been with her owner on the beach in leasowe in merseyside and was paddling in the water when she was swept out to sea by the tide.	the crew members lean over the side of the lifeboat as they attempt to pluck martha from the freezing water.	martha was successfully pulled on to the lifeboat after being found cold and shivering half a mile out to sea.
belinda, 56, from essex, admits she wishes she'd never had a facelift because of the' horrendous' scars it left her around her ears.	but the' horrendous' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before.
listeners say the last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions on the iplayer service.	frustrated listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iplayer service.	shows such as dad’s army and hancock’s half hour have all fallen foul of the problem.
elderflower fields festival will be held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park for the second year.	the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend.
kuku kube is available for free on facebook, android, ios and ios.	it has been designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing boards of coloured squares.
khayree gay, 31, was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city, south carolina.	the 53-year-old female victim was seen walking through the parking garage shortly before she was grabbed and thrown into a van.	gay, who is originally from feltonville, pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee on april 4 in philadelphia.
smartphone health apps have been accused of' fuelling anxiety’'.	but in fact mobile health apps are ‘ eroding people’s sense of wellbeing’.	dr des spence warned newer apps that monitor your heart rate, blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without any benefit.
claudia winkleman replaced sir bruce forsyth as co-host of strictly come dancing, sceptics thought she would struggle to fill his shoes.	the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards.
the monarch's story was written by queen victoria when she was just 10.	the short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, alice laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried.	the tale will be published in june as' the adventures of alice laselles by alexandrina victoria, aged 10 and ¾'.
sarah reign, 26, describes herself as a' feedee', who gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers.	after working shifts as a security guard at a factory, miss reign disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam.
britt lapthorne, from melbourne, was last seen at the latin club in 2008.	she was partying with about 10 other backpackers.	her family believes ms lapthorne was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea.	it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher on monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her roosters star boyfriend aidan guerra to have for dinner.	ms bartholomew claims the man working at sam the butcher in bondi called her a'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up.	there were apparently more problems when she went to use her card to pay for the choice bird.
rachel lynn lehnardt, 35, from evans, georgia, appeared to be stressed as she walked outside her house.	she was arrested on saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends.	the mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail.
kareem abdul-jabbar is expected to make a full recovery after undergoing emergency heart surgery at ucla medical center on thursday, april 16.	abdul-jabbar, 68, had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease.	ucla health issued a statement at the request of abdul-jabbar.
dave sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow mark three chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 tour de france last year.	the 36-year-old personal trainer from southport, merseyside, is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves.
destiny's child member michelle williams tweeted an image of a black square with the words:' once again... # walterscott reminds me of my uncle, family.	# walterscott reminds me of destiny's child, michelle williams, wrote:' this brought tears to my eyes.	can only imagine the pain his fam feels.
cultural historian at syracuse university, london, told the sunday times that whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades.	whistling aficionados are in agreement, no one is whistling while they work – or anywhere else for that matter.	all children used to be told to whistle while they work by the classic disney animation snow white.
the blunder at the pensions office in essen, germany saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661.	the block would dwarf the burj khalifa in dubai, the empire state building and london's shard.
yervand garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional' khorovats' recipe at a recent family gathering.	his daughter elizabeth garginian, 24, posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times.	ms garginian said she never anticipated the video would be so popular when she first posted it from her clothing business casual dress day's youtube account.
conchita wurst has been transformed into gustav klimt's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster shot by ellen von unwerth.	the star has been transformed into gustav klimt's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster.	conchita posed before industry heavyweight ellen von unwerth's lens for the poster.
64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends.	nearly half of the participants blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when they shop with friends.	nearly two-thirds of americans admit they would actually prefer to shop by themselves.
baroness brady was appearing alongside mr cameronat a national grid training centre in newark, nottinghamshire.	she attended the speech along with mr cameron to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people.	mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years.
catherine grove, 28, announced she is set to marry one of its elders.	grove initially vanished in july 2013, abandoning her car and belongings in fayetteville, arkansas.	she has now announced in a video that she will marry a church elder.	grove, a former nursing student, said she was' seeking the lord'.
neil tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford's famous model t.	mr tuckett says his customers love the model t - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they do n't require need road tax or an mot.	drivers can not get anywhere very fast and some of his pre-1915 model have gas headlights still lit by a match.
scientists say the lethal ring is leaving tens of thousands of creatures with severe, and often fatal injuries.	the map uses data from the california roadkill observation system, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years.	it assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species.
dr ros altmann will oversee the government’s pension reforms.	she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy to reward and encourage saving.	dr ros altmann went on to head over-50s group saga, would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges.
colleen harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after shooting her husband while he was sleeping in 2013.	she stands to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm, according to the sacramento bee.	colleen harris wept in court after the el dorado superior court announced their decision.	it took them less than two hours to convict her of murder.
tracey taylor was struggling to come to terms with the breakdown of her 20 year relationship.	earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair after barging her way into her home in ratby, leics.
army sgt.	bowe bergdahl walked away from the army in 2009.	he was captured by the taliban in june 2009, claim three of the controversial soldier's comrades.	the men say that mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years ago.
mark ward faville, of christiansburg, virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne, who died in 2000.	faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy.	after the verdict was, faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse.
jodi arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder.	she has a new mugshot from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk.	it's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk because he wanted to break off the relationship.	arias killed her ex-boyfriend in 2008 after a stormy relationship.
tiffany gay was overcome with emotion this week when her biggest crush luis velasquez asked her to be his date to the prom.	she found her biggest crush, junior luis velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers.	gay's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy.
cheryl prudham, 33, receives £39,000 in benefits, and partner robert are spending £10,000 on a £10,000 trip to las vegas.	the 33-year-old is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows with her husband robert, 30, during the ‘ no expense spared’ jaunt.
an enormous fight broke out at a bar opening at resorts world casino in queens, new york.	video posted on twitter showed angry patrons attacking one another.	security guards rushed in to try to calm the brawlers down.	andrew rivers and jovan bovell, both 23, were charged with disorderly conduct.
chinese state media has reported that the government is planning to expand the qinghai to tibet railway' at nepal's request' - which could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain - by 2020.	the step is important politically as it shows beijing building links with nepal, a country india regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
a house in dungog in nsw's hunter valley is seen washing away.	it was filmed as it was carried along a street in the hunter valley, north of sydney.	footage shows the house floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking them down with it.
the inquiry into the iraq war, lead by sir john chilcot, began in 2009.	it was initially thought it would be delayed until at least 2016.	tony blair is expected to be come under intense scrutiny for sanctioning the ill-fated invasion.
acetaminophen has been in use for more than 70 years, but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered.	previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain.
henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown.	it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple, both previously widowed.	but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as donna's health began to fail.	last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and alzheimers.
nine-year-old boy was whipped with skipping rope by his adoptive mother.	his adoptive mother li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse.	the boy was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes.
ikea's new service, wedding online, allows couples to get virtually hitched.	they can set a virtual date and invite the facebook contacts they want as guests.	one wedding is set on the rooftop of a city building with romantic lanterns.
mimi and joe lemay's son jacob was born a girl named mia, but the couple has now accepted that their child is a boy.	but from a very early age, jacob began rejecting his gender.	after years of questioning how to handle his preferences, they decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy.
couple took their 14-year-old son out of school without permission for a five-day holiday to spain were forced to pay a £1,230 fine after being convicted in november 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended.	they were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from sweyne park school in rayleigh, essex, after being convicted in november.	the grandmother, from benfleet, essex, paid up to stop the bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed.
michael keith spell, 25, was on a morning jog on january 7 when she disappeared.	she was pulled into a car by spell and his friend, strangled to death, and then buried 50 miles away in north dakota.	arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area.
enormous lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes.	it was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in chelsea to break.	so far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of about five porsche 911s.
lloyd dennis taught at a number of primary schools across hampshire before becoming a lecturer at basingstoke college of technology.	the 32-year-old from eastleigh has been charged with 28 offences against two children that include rape and sexual activity with a child.
apple founder steve jobs' widow laurene has told of her admiration for democratic white house front-runner hillary clinton.	ms jobs, 51, called former first lady hillary a' revolutionary' woman, and added that it's not just because she's a woman - but' the type of woman she is'.	she is one of america’s greatest modern creations.
sexual predator henri morris was told he would serve 10 years behind bars for his' calculated and choreographed' crime.	the 67-year-old was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012.	she told them her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from houston, texas, to new jersey for work.
brian nicol dived into a swimming pool at a luxury holiday villa in spain.	his desperate friends dragged mr nicol, who was born in glasgow, out of the water and tried to save him.	the group had been on a night out in marbella after jetting to spain on saturday.	mr nicol is believed to have travelled to spain with a group of a dozen friends.
philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends.	in this image, spanish surrealist painter salvador dali poses with his cat babou, a colombian wild cat.
imam, abdul hadi arwani, was shot and killed in his car on a street in north west london after being called to a job in the area he was killed with his son and not on his own, the supposed potential client asked arwani to come back another day.	arwani's children are in little doubt their father was killed by the man asking for the building quote.	scotland yard is looking into whether the man was hired killer who postponed the hit because arwani was not alone.
stephanie scott was at leeton high school on easter sunday finishing off some lesson plans in preparation for going on her honeymoon to tahiti.	the 24-year-old man charged with the murder of local english and drama teacher ms scott on easter sunday was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his mother and elder brother 13 months ago.	leeton has a close-knit community of only 6,700 people, but little is known of the casual school cleaner who has swept the halls of leeton high school since october.
ian joll was missing presumed dead after he was forced to crash land on a dutch beach, but survived the incident to make it home to gravesend.	when mabel joll opened the front door to see her son ian she fainted, believing she must have seen a ghost.	ten minutes earlier mrs joll had received a telegram telling her that her son, squadron leader joll, was' missing believed killed''.
david cameron is predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote in next month's general election.	the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent.	ed miliband and labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind the tories.
nurhayada sofia, who was out shopping with her mother, suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors.	she then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes.	nurhayada is expected to be buried in her father's hometown in muar.
lorenzo simon, 34, and michelle bird used their friend michael spalding for slave labour before simon killed him and dismembered his body.	the 39-year-old's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before stuffing the body in a suitcase and throwing it into a canal, has been jailed for 19 years.	police have now released cctv video showing the pair dragging the cases along a pavement.
kim scott posted a poem she had written to read out at the wedding between ms scott and her partner of five year aaron leeson-woolley, which was scheduled for saturday.	the 26-year-old english and drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner aaron leeson woolley on saturday, a fact keenly plain the poem, which was addressed to' my dearest stephanie and aaron on your wedding day'.	kim scott addressed the poem intended for her younger sister and her fiancee,' on this your special day... my little sister/ stephanie clare scott/ is now a wedded wife/ believe it or not,' the poem begins.
liberal democrats leader nick clegg admitted his wife miriam makes the big decisions in their household.	mr clegg is seen in the documentary drinking wine as his wife explains why she chose not to move her family into a government property.
duncan bannatyne announced he would back labour at the next election.	he tweeted:' ed milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in uk.	it comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories’ economic record.
a doctor's wife and a student plunged from the living rooms of their flats into the basement below and a workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column.	the accident left three victims hospitalised with minor injuries, while 20 students were left homeless and one of sheffield's main arterial roads was closed for a day.	judge michael murphy told them:' it was only by the grace of god or good fortune that people were not seriously injured or killed'.
dzhokhar tsarnaev's aunt, maret tsarnaeva, and two other relatives told time in an interview this week in chechen capital, grozny, that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s.	the bomber's uncle, said-hussein tsarnaev, told the magazine that' american special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded.	the family members could offer no evidence to back up their allegations.
pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years.	tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants.	the paper says that gcses ‘ will not give us a reliable measure’ due to their ongoing reform.
authorities near flagstaff, arizona, have found fleas infected with plague after prairie dogs in picture canyon began dying (file photos).	the plague, which famously killed millions of europeans in the 1300s, causes pustules on the skin and is still contracted by 2,000 people a year.
prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke on an official engagement next saturday.	the duchess of cambridge told wellwishers at a charity event last month: ‘ the duke’s intention is to be at the commemorations.	being the 100th anniversary, it is very important to him.	' the duchess has said the baby is due to give birth.
a woman who may be a' possible dui driver' led the california highway patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through los angeles for almost an hour.	the woman was' weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to a tweet by the official chp southern division twitter.
teenager from lahore in lahore, pakistan, has been identified only as nuaman, had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with kerosene.	the 14-year-old, who lives with his uncle, has said he did not know who had attacked him but said he would be able to identify the assailants if he saw them again.	nuaman is now receiving treatment for his injuries in lahore's mayo hospital.
candice swanepoel, elsa hosk and jasmine tookes are the stars of victoria's secret's latest lingerie campaign to promote the brand's dream angels range.	candice leads the glamour by guiding her fellow supermodels through an energetic routine using the umbrellas as a prop.
kyle knox, from london, was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis.	the 23-year-old was reported missing when he failed to return to his hotel in fort william.	when he vanished people were being urged not to go to scotland's mountains.
officers say they have found the mother of baby april by staff at the ormskirk hospital.	it is believed the girl, named april by staff, might have been delivered at silcock's amusement arcade in southport last night.	merseyside police had released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl, wearing a pink playsuit, as they sought to identify her mother.	police believe april may have been' born where she was found'.
ceara lynch, 28, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online.	the 28-year-old entrepreneur says that making money this way — which she has been doing since she was 17 — has been a dream.
donald graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer janet brown, 45.	he stole £300,000 of her savings, her land rover and porsche.	ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found.
the person, who will not be identified until their arraignment on monday, was taken into custody after the bag was found on loughery way in cambridge, massachusetts, just a block away from a police station.	they have not been charged with homicide.	instead, they are' under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains'.
grant hackett's father has revealed that his son had' his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago.	the 34-year-old made a come back last sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.	hackett senior told the daily telegraph.
egypt's former president has been sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012.	but a court in the country's capital cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty.	defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions.	morsi, egypt's first freely elected leader, came to power following the 2011 ouster of hosni mubarak in a popular uprising.
some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home.	around one in 10 americans suffer from explosive anger management issues has easy access to guns.	study comes in the wake of a number of high-profile tragedies in the us.
qatar airways has been named the most reliable airline in the world.	it scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site wanderbat, which ranked the top 22 airlines around the world.	followed closely by emirates and china eastern, the top three airlines showed how the gulf and asia are dominating the travel market.
the man, known only as donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (nf1) that can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring.	four families are suing the sperm bank and the case has raised questions among fertility experts about denmark’s booming, and unregulated, sperm export trade.
kevin gill, from naples, florida, told wbbh he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators.	but when collier county deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator - and told gill it was illegal.	the case is being handled by florida's fish and wildlife commission.
the azamara club cruises' quest vessel carries about 680 passengers, making it a more intimate voyage.	the line - part of the royal caribbean group - has two ships in its fleet, journey and quest, which has a hint of the maritime about it.
jon stewart has revealed he will present his final show on august 6.	he kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be and joked that he would dress well for his swan song.
arizona's only hispanic governor, raul castro, has died at age 98.	he was a self-made man, the embodiment of the american dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college.	castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador, bolivia and argentina.
dr donald dewitt, 65, charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact.	prosecutors say 65-year-old dr donald dewitt was arrested monday and charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact.	he has been ordered to have no contact with the victim.
the man, who is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying after the day at the races in aintree, barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor in the middle of the road.	the 34-year-old man, dressed in a suit, then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim who was left lying on the floor.	he was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face.	he was named on social media as a manager called terry.
scott shirley, his wife mayo and son phoenix, were travelling back to washington dc after a birthday trip to disney world, orlando, when they discovered the vomit and complained to cabin crew.	after boarding the plane, the shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet.	mr shirley says the family were told by cabin staff that a passenger on an earlier flight had been sick in the seating area.
thames valley police received a report from a member of the public about a suspected weapon on a canal boat in caversham last night.	the canal boat was moored near a children's play area in christchurch meadows, where the river thames flows through reading.	after approaching the boat, police and the bomb disposal unit inspected the missile and confirmed the weapon was a dummy.
neighbors say jerry and marrianne hugel were a happily married couple for 60 years who loved to dance, garden, and observe their german heritage.	jerry hugel, 83, his wife marianne hugel, 80, died along with 70-year-old neighbor gloria greco, and friend walter vondthadden, 76, in an apparent carbon monoxide poisoning.	neighbors lined the streets and sidewalks in the suburban neighborhood next to long island's nassau county.
jade walters loaned out her beloved horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride, she did n't realise she would never see him again.	magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community, and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
more than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms.	each floor is dedicated to one of the dewey decimal system's categories.	each room is decorated according to a genre or topic.
heinrich hoffmann took many of the black and white photos for hitler’s own use.	he tilts his head and tries to strike a casual-yet-serious pose as he balances on the edge of a log cabin veranda showing off his knobbly knees.
lauren hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma this month.	she made her first basket in a college game just five months ago.	she was told she would not live past december but died four months later.
models at a beauty pageant look a little unsure as they stand on a glass walkway, 2,000 metres up in luoyang.	the challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest.
kristen bell, the voice of frozen's anna and the spunky star of lies, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it.	the mother of two daughters, lincoln, two, and delta, just four months, with actor dax sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after birth of her girls.
madonna's had an absolute mare of it on live tv has n't she? the 56-year-old, who describes herself as a' closet comedian', has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday.
zambi wildlife retreat fostered kibulu as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the nsw zoo where he was born.	kibulu’s mother had rejected him in favour of his siblings and zoo keepers quickly decided it wasn’t safe for him to stay.	so they called donna from zambi wildlife retreat in western sydney.
holly littlefield, 16, pleaded guilty to sending an email hoax.	zoe gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school where she worked.	she was too scared to return to school for two days and when she did she was taunted by classmates.
jonny bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a labour rival, theo blackwell, spotted him and alerted other councillors.	he now says he wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at council meetings.
the robot sub was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico.	the sperm whale is the largest toothed whale's life is based on sound.	it finds food and navigates using sound and it communicates and stays in touch with its family using sound.
daniel craig has a license to kill, but on tuesday the united nations gave the british actor a' license to save' by appointing him as the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards.	craig - who's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper, martini-drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n.	mine action service and political support for the cause.
daniel craig's character to survive his on-screen ordeals, medical experts say.	the incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have' turned his lungs out'.	but bond is not the only one to defy medical science.
the chihuahua puppy was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch, california, with injuries to its ears and stomach.	it is believed the pet, who has been named fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
david cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in cheltenham.	but aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the conservative party leader.	eight-month-old puppy silver was banned from getting close to the prime minister today.
former nfl cornerback will allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges.	they're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a ponzi scheme.	allen, 36, was a cornerback in the nfl from 2001 to 2012.	he was signed by the new england patriots in march 2013.
digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like cds as a money stream for the first time last year.	the report also named the year's top-selling album - the' frozen' soundtrack, which sold 10 million copies, while pharrell williams'' happy' was the top single, selling 13.9 million copies.	digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time.
richard hammond has released a video documenting his' bored' lifestyle.	the film begins with a scene showing the 45-year-old lying on a wall shouting' bored' to himself and his dog.	it comes after james may, also in the top gear presenting trio, released a series of videos.
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela.	they say the results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria could be potentially beneficial to modern society.	there are about 26,000 yanomami living in brazil and 15,000 in venezuela.
bruno fernández has been dubbed the' majadahonda ripper' after police searched his home in a suburb of madrid, spain.	the 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, adriana giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother.	neighbours said he' regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police, the local reports.
unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health.	one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week.	nurses working 12-hour shifts amid staffing shortages in the nhs are treated like' slave labour'.
hiroshi ueda claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s.	he said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe.
amy childs has unveiled her sophisticated summer collection full of pastel prints.	says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and' definitely' for real women.	amy says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and' definitely' for real women.
graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of santiago de compostela, in north-western spain.	but no one knows who put up the signs, which show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it.
hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (cmb) of the universe, shown bottom right.	the theory was proposed by astronomers seeking to understand what is causing this larger-than-expected cold area.	if confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity.
labour leader used a speech in edinburgh to claim the tory election campaign has descended into' desperation and panic'.	but mr miliband has been rocked by a survey showing that in scotland, 49 per cent of people plan to vote for the snp.	there has been a surge in support for the snp in the months since the independence referendum in september.
th clements & son snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet.	the worker, who can be seen in a high-vis jacket, casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away.
glenn mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners including an 83 year-old woman and a 92 year-old man living near his branch in biggin hill, kent, the old bailey heard.	mason, who was given an award by the metropolitan police in 2009 for his crime fighting efforts, got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in july 2012.
nick clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to' chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year.	well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up.
local refuse collector has been exposed as a rogue litterer, dumping plastic bin bags in an alleyway.	his antics were captured on cctv lifting them out of dustbins along park road in glodwick before tossing them down an alley.	another cctv video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway.
dr oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia's college of physicians and surgeons.	the harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993.	ten top doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz from his faculty position.
prince abdul malik and dayangku raabi'atul' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah.	prince abdul malik, 31, and his 22-year-old bride wore outfits embellished with diamonds.	raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems, rather than flowers.
the study released on thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.	experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy.
ed and justine miliband met at a dinner party in west london.	hosted by the woman he was' secretly' dating.	he was chief economics adviser to the chancellor, gordon brown.
raymond towns­end, a manager at us limousine on long island, new york, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher geralyn ganci, now 32, after more than a year of lurid messages.	the woman, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she' refused to have sex with him.	he also sent her texts saying that he' had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me'.
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth.	they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space, 185 miles (300km) above the ground, and would fire back towards earth's atmosphere.	it would then fire high-energy beams back at earth's atmosphere.	pulses of the beam would last just 0.1 microseconds.
a washington, dc-based company called united space structures wants to create a new space station.	their giant cylinder shown, with the iss and space shuttles illustrated) could apparently replace the iss.	it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity.	would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build.
chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in somerset.	he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.	mr osborne appeared to be amused by a henry hoover as he spoke to staff on the production line.
casey veal's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home in june 2012.	the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery, fuelled by ice and marijuana.	heartbroken mother casey veal has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home.
patricia sebastiao, 22, has a 2-year-old daughter and 1-year-old son.	she is pregnant with her third child who is due in the nexrt few months.	as the country's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels, its markets pull in anyone looking to get high.	some of whom once held jobs had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence.
stephen howells, 39, and girlfriend nicole vaisey, from hermon, new york, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls and other children.	they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13.
sheila secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son.	but as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off.	when the grandmother collapsed in her home in december, she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later.
field marshal erwin rommel gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness during the battle for north africa.	he was the one german leader in the second world war who the british regarded with honour.
thomas cain's mother ora mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old.	but this footage, recorded in 2013, shows the moment his enterprising granddaughter, andrea ferrell, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative.	in the video she hands mr cain her present, which dates from the 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager, while his family encourage him.
representative darrell issa asked the state department about the use of personal email for official business in december 2012, but did n't receive any answer until clinton had left the department.	the leaked letter, obtained by the new york times, casts a further shadow over clinton just days into her bid to become the democrat's 2016 presidential candidate.	clinton has insisted every relevant email was now in the hands of the state department.
sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to scotland' as soon as possible'.	labour leader jim murphy warned this would leave a catastrophic hole in the country's budget.	such a move would leave a massive £7.6billion black hole in scotland's finances, triggering either higher taxes, deeper spending cuts or unsustainable borrowing levels.
memo for members of congress states damningly that ‘ the uk may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the us agenda’.	memo also warns that the uk faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament.
lawsuit filed by joyce kuhl, a grandmother from south carolina who visited the orlando park in 2013.	claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving the marine animals' essentially roasting'.	ms kuhl alleges that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint them to disguise the injuries.
sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen.	staff members were directed to treat hernandez like any other inmate, hodgson said.	hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd, who was dating the sister of hernandez's fiancee.	he will ultimately end up at the maximum-security souza-baranowski state prison.
cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that a civil servant leaked an official account of a private meeting between nicola sturgeon and the french ambassador.	the snp leader has denied telling french ambassador sylvie bermann that she would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10 while suggesting that ed miliband was not prime minister material.	ms sturgeon told supporters at a rally in glasgow today that she had written to sir jeremy to demand an official investigation.
harvey weinstein's wife georgina chapman shared this image to her instagram page on tuesday, with the caption:' thank you for my beautiful flowers!!!!!!!!' she wrote alongside the photo.	weinstein, who had always maintained his innocence, could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse.
nyia parler, 41, commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on tuesday.	police say she wheeled her son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia and left him there, before going to stay with her partner in maryland.	parler was admitted to a maryland facility on sunday for an' undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault, reckless endangering, neglect of a care-dependent person, kidnapping and unlawful restraint.
tony blackburn claims disgraced entertainer jimmy savile' tarnished' his era after his fellow colleague's names were' dragged through the mud' during probes into historic sex abuse.	the 72-year-old's long-term employer, the bbc, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them blackburn's vintage.	the probe also exposed abuse by paedophile dj savile, who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75.
amber phillips of los angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in california on tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients.	phillips says she wishes she would have let her mother die as oppose to making her undergo more painful chemotherapy.
the refrigerated lorry ran out of space in its mortuary over the easter weekend.	bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings, then returned to the truck.	relatives were not told about the arrangement to use a refrigerated lorry.
amie cox, 33, of victoria, and her two sons, five-year-old alex, 5, made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son alex 5, over her older boy william, 7, while appearing on an sbs insight programme about sibling rivalry.	since her revelations surfaced on the insight website, ms cox told daily mail australia she has been attacked and been called' a freak', but that she is' a normal loving mum'.
shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he walked over it.	the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him.	flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands moments after a pedestrian had walked over it.
consultant peter wilson told a bbc tv documentary ashya’s chances of long-term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king’s decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here.	chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old’s cancer returning.	mr king, 51, said ashya did not need subsequent chemotherapy as his cancer was in remission.
kim jong-un watched the sun rise after allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high mount paektu near the chinese border.	pictures released by north korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain's base.
a study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years.	the incidents seem to be increasing.	compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or social security numbers.
george osborne drinks a pint of somerset cider as he is interviewed by political editor simon walters at the cotley inn, near chard, somerset.	osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the paralympics to being credited with helping to turn britain's economy around.
married couple john and karen copleston claim paul phillips, 67, had constantly harassed them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in poole, dorset.	but on friday the case against mr phillips was dismissed, although a three-year restraining order was imposed on him under the protection from harassment act by magistrates in bournemouth.	the coplestons claim the gate has been at the end of the shared path since they bought the property in 1987.
spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a drone barge in the atlantic.	the video, taken from a plane yesterday, shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side.	the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact.
leslie cooper, 61, was found dead in his car in wembley last tuesday.	he was shot dead in the greenhill area of london on april 7, 2015.	he was remanded in custody by a judge at camberwell magistrates' court.	mr arwani, 48, was an outspoken opponent of the assad regime in his native country.
corinna skorpenske, from pittsburgh, pennsylvania, took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter harley jo, a student at ohio state university, and her condition.	harley is very strong, and many times she lets it go.
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015.	his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule.	leanne mitchell, the first ever winner of the voice uk, has been dropped by her record label.
bishops in the usa have denounced wolf hall as a ‘prejudice-laden presentation of the past’ as the acclaimed bbc drama was broadcast in the u.s. for the first time.	the review attacked the six-part series as ‘ a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the tudor period in which it’s set’.	the latest remarks echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the uk, who tore into the series for its' perverse' depictions of the historical characters.
stacey eden overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as' isis terrorists'.	the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon.	stacey eden, 23, and his wife, khalida, 26, have been described as' hardworking, honest and kind' by members of the local islamic community.
wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland.	during an interview with nine network's a current affair, wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland.	seconds after mr heneker shot his attacker, he discovered the gunman was former colleague shameem rahman.	mr heneker told a current affair of the moment he was ambushed by shameem rahman.
thomas buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight, and sustained life-changing head injuries as a result.	mr buckett had to undergo invasive surgery when he fell through the roof of a school after breaking in to the tuck shop and stealing food and drink.	but the court heard that a police officer who investigated the break-in wrote an email of support to the council, stating that he had made the family aware ‘ this incident was the fault of thomas and his friends messing around’.
angela kelly, 67, was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels.	the former over-50s badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail's pace, hanging onto her trolley for support.
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary warned they would remove kindergartner logan from class because the oils smelled and were a distraction to youngsters around him.	the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
freddie gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van before he died from unexplained spinal cord injuries.	the report was leaked to the washington post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the baltimore police force.
new horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of pluto and its largest moon charon ahead of its arrival in three months.	the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 july - humanity’s first ever visit to pluto.
andrew sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet in the head.	his mother tammy sadek believes the answer is that her son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana.	authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will.
the report found that 25 per cent met their closest friends while at school with a fifth (22 per cent) saying they met them at work.	social networks such as facebook and twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships.
vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today like you have never seen him before - leading to questions that he has had cosmetic surgery to get rid of the bags under his eyes, wrinkles and make his face more chiseled.	in both photographs the skin of putin's face is more saggy, and he has visible dark circles under his eyes.
paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in sydney's darling harbour on saturday night after they received a report that a person had entered the water.	the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers, but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket, the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards, landing back in the water again.
jason rezaian, who is the post's tehran bureau chief, would stand trial before the country's revolutionary court to face' security charges'.	the agency is considered to be close to the ultra conservative iran hard-liners.	iran is subject to sanctions from the u.s, europe and the united nations due to its nuclear program.
poldark actor aidan turner has become a heartthrob for fans after his character took off his shirt on the popular bbc one show.	the property has stunning views of smugglers cove, and the summer and winter cottages are linked via a lift.
harking back to uk transformation show 10 years younger, people on the street are asked to guess a woman's age in a bold new advert.	french model starring in a television film for garnier is filmed and photographed as she' ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day.
parents craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life.	they are selling it for £185,000 to help pay for craig jr's prep school fees.	the morgans, from hastings in east sussex, settled on the idea of a private education for their children.
keith wolfe smarch, a first nation master-carver, had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me along the infamous chilkoot trail.	the discovery started a stampede along the treacherous mountain track through snowdrifts, blizzards and avalanches, each man weighed down with supplies.	he is descended from skookum jim, the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896.
the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity has been put on probation for two years.	the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions.	the party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities.
turkey said pope francis has caused a' problem of trust'.	turkey accepts that the victims reached the estimated 1.5million and that this amounted to genocide.	today was the first time a pope has publicly used' genocide' to describe the massacre.
wily coyote gave the new york police department a run around for more than an hour on tuesday morning.	the male animal, which was eventually captured with a dart gun, was first seen by a local walking his dog in the park near the church of the holy apostles at 28th street and ninth avenue in chelsea.
scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron, spain.	neanderthals may have been using these plants as a form of self-medication, but now new findings have presented a different theory.	dr sabrina krief, a lecturer at the national museum of natural history in paris, and her colleagues suggests they may have used them to make food more palatable.
a woman who boarded the driver's bus in ozone park, queens, recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road.	she was' shocked' that the driver's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus, in which all the seats were full.	the papers in his hand were likely timetables used to make sure he was stopping at all the correct junctures on saturday evening.
the bodies of a 37-year-old woman, a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police monday night.	the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck, her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck, wxyz reported.	investigators were awaiting autopsy results before presenting the case to the macomb county prosecutor's office for review.
maggie rizer donned a string bikini while playing with her two-year-old son quinnlyn clancy on the beach - just nine weeks after she gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago.	the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot, which she shared monday on her instagram account.
officials with the lamar consolidated independent school district say the eight-page handout was n't approved by administrators.	authorities have n't yet released the name of the teacher at foster high school in richmond or what discipline he faces.	the handout, entitled islam/radical islam (did you know), made unsubstantiated claims like:'38 percent of muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed.
odds on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up, with the 18th, 19th and 20th april the most popular choices - even though the official due date is the 25th.	world's media are also expected to descend on london shortly, with media facilities at the hospital opening tomorrow.
stephanie scott's funeral will be held at the eat your greens centre in eugowra, near ms scott's home of canowindra in rural central west nsw and around a three hour drive from leeton where she worked.	ms scott was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to tahiti with her partner aaron leeson-woolley, when she disappeared from her workplace at leeton high school on easter sunday.	on thursday the parish priest officiating at the ceremony said he was bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion.
edward fride, the pastor at christ the king in ann arbor, michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license.	his letter was called ‘we’re not in mayberry anymore, toto’ in a reference to the andy griffith show set in a north carolina town in the 1960s.
liam linford oliver-christie, 29, whose father is the former olympic sprinter, was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington, west london.	officers uncovered the haul and ‘ drugs paraphernalia’ with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in september 2013 - and oliver-christie today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs.	oliver-christie, who today wore a black leather jacket and bright pink trainers, was jailed for 15 months at the same court in middlesex for' turning a blind eye’ to drug dealing at his home'.
artist plastic jesus put up seven' no kardashian parking anytime' signs around hollywood, including in front of the kim, khloe and kourtney kardashian-owned clothing store dash.	london-born street artist plastic jesus erected several' no kardashian parking anytime' signs around los angeles this week.	plastic jesus has been compared to street artist banksy for his graffiti in l.a.
scything expert chris riley says his own physique is more like rocker iggy pop.	but it seems not everyone is a fan of the gardening techniques featured on poldark.	it prompted a scathing critique from a band of enthusiasts dedicated to keeping the age-old art alive.
virgin australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium, contemporary, full service airline.	virgin australia continues to offer complimentary tea, coffee, juice and water on all flights, complimentary wine, beer and soft drink served in ‘ happy hour’.	virgin's food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey -virgin australia hopes this approach will underpin all virgin australia flights.
sol campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month's general election.	campbell has joined forces with homeland actor david harewood, musician tinie tempah and paralympic medallist//television presenter ade adepitan.	the campaign, run by operation black vote, features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on april 20.
the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram.	it is then followed by the world heritage listed sydney opera house with 134,641.	others include the twelve apostles along the great ocean road in victoria.
dj' dr fox forced himself on a girl of 13 at a theme park after she asked him to pose for a photo, it was alleged yesterday.	the 53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years.
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base, and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday.	thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an army psychiatrist who is now on military death row.
marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla – or mango plum.	it has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit.	it's not the only unusual hybrid on the market.
xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare chefs' corner-cutting.	unesco has named france's' gastronomic meal' a world treasure and the country still welcomes more tourists than any other nation.
ben parsons, 34, of brighton, east sussex, stunned girlfriend anna jefferson, 36, by getting down on one knee after running 24 and a half miles.	she was watching her boyfriend run in the brighton marathon with their children nancy, three, and thomas, 11 months.	ben then got down on one knee and popped the question and anna said yes, before ben ran onward towards the finishing line, still managing to get a personal best timing and completing his sixth brighton marathon in 3hrs 36min.
freya burgess lies a field of cowslips today near shepton mallet.	friends katherine salsbury and jess girling go paddle-boarding on the solent off hampshire in the warm sunshine today.	forecasters say temperatures in the south could reach 23c by wednesday.
nikko jenkins recently tried to carve'666' into his forehead.	but in a phenomenal case of idiocy, convicted murderer nikko jenkins used a mirror - so the numbers came out backwards.	according to omaha.com, jenkins has fashioned himself an entirely unique - and irreversible - engraving.
ken broskey, 69, of livonia, michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 oropharyngeal cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care.	instead, broskey, formerly a real estate agent, has taken a job with uber, hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house.
mohammed tahir, 53, of leytonstone, east london, got off his train at mile end.	he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could.	tahir sidled up to the victim and pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh as she stood with other passengers in the busy carriage on a hot summer’s day.
head, designed by american robotics designer david hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios.	ham is currently on exhibit at the global sources spring electronics show at asiaworld expo - the largest event of its kind in the world.
gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online.	months before his arrest in late 2012, gilberto valle, then a new york police officer, sat at his computer, hiding behind fictional online identities and exchanging messages about murdering and eating women.
emma forbes, 49, has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage.	mansion with a neo-classical facade was torn down by the previous owners.	but it is not to everyone’s taste – one neighbour has described it as looking like a ‘down- market mortuary’.
karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree, after a complaint was made by her next door neighbour kay daye, as part of a long-running boundary dispute.	the mother-of-two was locked in a police cells for six hours and put on bail for chopping back tree branches hanging over her garden.	magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty, saying she had acted with good intentions.
craig roberts, 36, was told by post office staff in chadderton, manchester.	employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave.	he said he was left feeling' angry and shocked'.
memorials to south africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters as statues of british monarchs queen victoria and king george v.	vandals poured paint over scottish-south african missionary andrew murray's statue in the western cape.	war memorials were also defaced.
millie marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom.	millie marotta, 36, took eight months to complete the illustration in animal kingdom.	millie has had a successful freelance illustration careeer with clients including virgin atlantic, penguin books and marks & spencer.
violet price, 80, had been missing from her home in moustier village.	her son - a businessman who lives in the area, was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party.	mrs price's son, who lives in the same area, raised the alert on saturday.
elana schlenker has opened a pop-up shop in pittsburgh, pennsylvania where women are charged only 76 per cent of the retail price.	pittsburgh-based pop-up store, less than 100, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap, meaning that female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price.
a biology teacher discovered the worms on the surface of the snow on sunday.	numerous reports have been coming in after he told his story, and there have been sightings of worm rainfall.	mr erstad's discovery on sunday, there have been similar reports in southern norway and sightings of worm rainfall in lindås and suldal near bergen, and also hundreds of miles away in femunden.
jonathan krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. friday while walking home.	police charged justin smith, 18, with the murder friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim.	smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading.
david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service.	this is the figure named by nhs boss simon stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the health service’s accounts over the next five years.	david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service.
freddie gray died sunday after he' had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept' secret' until today.	official police documents filed monday said that the man was arrested by officer garrett miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he' fled unprovoked after noticing police presence'.	six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened.
mysterious island, located in a lake in deepest siberia, was actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago.	it is located about 3,800km from moscow near the mongolian border.	the plot thickens as the way it was built, along with the construction materials use, hint at chinese architectural tradition.
robert fidler, 66, secretly constructed the mock-tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002.	he unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years.
tina fey was seen out with her husband jeff richmond and daughter penelope friday morning in new york city.	this is the first time the emmy-award winning writer, producer and producer was on a school run with her youngest daughter penelope and husband jeff richmond.	dr brandt was said to have been devastated over a caricature of himself on fey's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt, though that is not the reason friends say he took his life.
heartwarming scenes captured by professional photographer denis budkov, 35, during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka, in russia.	animal family have bear-ly a concern in the world as they play and snooze in the sunshine.	he sat and watched as the mother, who was also lying on the banks of the lake.
joshua corbett appeared in court today at a preliminary hearing for charges of stalking and breaking into actress sandra bullock's house last summer.	the oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic.	bullock gave the dispatcher a description of the man and said she went out to investigate noises in her home.
new comres poll reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next uk government.	59% want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the country.	nicola sturgeon today launched her party's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a labour government.
mohammed dahbi was accused of discrimination after ordering actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer to stop kissing and' keep that behavior for the bedroom'.	he warned that if they ignored his request during the trip on september 18, 2011, he would throw them out.	he also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay a $5,000 civil penalty to the city.
notable tv shows depicting' beautiful young vampires' have led to a surge of young people dabbling in occult forces.	notable incidents are considered a form of demonic possession by the vatican.	vatican insists the pope' did n't intend to perform any exorcism'.
models go oriental with loose metallic pants, skorts and tied kimono blazers at khim hang.	khim hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
ryan giggs spent £150,000 trying to silence big brother star imogen thomas from revealing details of their affair.	ryan, 41, phoned rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship.
ups driver tom ryan lost a leg after getting crushed against his own truck by a car which swerved to avoid a jaywalker.	onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding.	he has lost one leg, but is expected to live, a ups representative said.
nicola sturgeon faced claims she would' paralyse' the uk economy with her demand for another referendum on scottish independence.	the snp leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead, where she set out her' triple lock' for a second referendum.
the handwritten notes of samir al-khlifawi khlifawi explains in detail how isis were able to take control in syria by infiltrating villages and using spies.	the rapid growth and establishment of the islamic state in iraq and syria has been far from an accidental rise of religious fanaticism.	but a calculated move orchestrated by one of saddam hussein's closest men.
patrick o’melia, 39, a deputy with the volusia county sheriff’s office, was flagged down while he was on patrol near deland in florida and asked to help 34-year-old justin braddock.	when mr o'melia found braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car he spent seven minutes giving him cpr and eventually revived him.	braddock, who had worked as a deputy in the sheriff's office for just nine months, was flagged down for help by braddock's sister kelly boan, 31, near new york avenue near deland at about 4pm on sunday afternoon.
voters are saying one thing in public, britain's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private.	punters placing a flood of cash on the tories.	one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000.
the gemini flight, gemini 3, lifted off launch pad 19 at cape canaveral in florida on march 23, 1965.	the two astronauts on the gemini 4 mission were jim mcdivitt and ed white.	one, ed white, was tasked with performing the first us spacewalk, less than three months after soviet alexey leonov had completed the first spacewalk in history.
chelsea manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in july 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website.	manning, a former army private who enlisted as bradley, has had her name officially changed to chelsea and recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while serving out her sentence.	she was also permitted to have some amenities, including makeup and underwear, but is not allowed to grow her hair long, which she sees as a major affliction.
andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne, a village near mariupol in east ukraine, and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds.	mr lunev reportedly from donetsk, ukraine, received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues, before he was taken to hospital.	russian media reported that mr lunev was taken to hospital in novoazovsk near the russian border, where he later regained consciousness.
larung gar buddhist academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns.	the settlement is home to 40,000 nuns and monks, who travel to the settlement of sertar to study tibetan buddhism.	sky burials are common in the province of tibet and involve corpses being cut and left for animals to devour.
steve esmond and his wife, dr theresa devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john.	the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.	sean, 16, and ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
the 223ft explorer is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy and has been dubbed the' range rover of the seas'.	the company explains:' with a large carrying capacity for toys and tenders, she is capable of carrying a helicopter in a climate controlled garage, twin limo tenders, car, submarine, jetskis, paddleboards and a variety of inflatables water toys.
police were called after' all hell broke loose' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at southport holiday park, merseyside.	police were called after teenagers started' running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at southport, merseyside.	one man from liverpool, who was staying in a chalet with his pregnant wife and three-year-old daughter, said the argument appeared to start after a confrontation between two groups.
mary day, 60, of swanage in dorset, used taxpayers' money to go on luxury holidays to the indian resort of goa for up to a month each time.	day fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 of her own savings in the bank.	day went on three trips to tourist hotspot goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014.
the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet.	the monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area.	videos have also revealed that the animal has a distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in tibet.
david nellist, 38, of keswick, cumbria was foiled after neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called coco' screaming'.	nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years.
ed miliband has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings.	the labour party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the tories.	labour leader ed miliband has jumped ahead of the prime minister in the polls.
32 per cent of lovers of grilled cheese have sex at least once a month.	fans of grilled cheese are also more charitable and are more likely to travel than those who eat it are adventurous types.
dave hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster derryn hinch a'w**ker' on national television.	hughes and hinch appeared on monday night's q & a on monday night discussing depression and alcohol, following the emergence of a video featuring prime minister tony abbott skolling a beer in a pub.	audience member lauren hayes asked minister for trade and investment andrew robb if he thought mr abbott's' display of irresponsible drinking was an act of peer pressure or attempt to become more popular with younger voters'.
labour appeared split on its proposed new 50p top rate of income tax.	mr umunna said he was opposed to' taxing for the sake of taxing'.	his remarks highlighted divisions in labour's top ranks over the 50p rate.
the harewood arms in wakefield, west yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party, which is running a' save the pub' campaign in the run up to the election.	the pub, which is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises, declared its support for nigel farage's ukip, which is running a' save the pub' campaign in the run up to the election.	it has left regular customers stunned and provoked a' marmite' reaction of divided opinions.
lorraine valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria (epp) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light.	her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
nick cousins, 57, and grace garcia cousins, 53, were held over alleged' ill treatment' of their child after it emerged that her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, were never registered and they did not attend school.	the couple were also being questioned by police over claims that filipino mrs cousins had overstayed her visa.	police said the girl, blanca cousins (right) had been unhappy and a police source said she locked herself in a bathroom before falling to her death.
study found that the majority of older workers did not believe better computer skills would help them in their current job.	experts said training was ‘ heavily geared’ towards young people, meaning many older workers were left behind in the workplace.	this left them vulnerable when companies start ‘shedding’ jobs.
jake castner, from ballarat in victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest.	the troubled teenager’s facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘ bud for cash’ and an image of him smoking a glass pipe.
a truck blazes on a street of reynosa, tamaulipas state, mexico on april 17, 2015 as gunfights erupted in reaction to a drug cartel leader's arrest.	three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured, authorities said.	a reynosa police spokesman said two bystanders were apparently killed, but this was not confirmed.	hernandez worked his way up into the gulf cartel's hierarchy as its leaders were imprisoned.
kelly watson, of gateshead in tyne and wear, started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination.	despite regular trips to gps, it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young.	but after tests, she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on june 23 last year.
albert is from salt lake city and is a constant source of entertainment to his 44.1k instagram followers.	the grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown, from salt lake city, has already racked up a remarkable 44.1k followers on instagram.	albert is the latest frowning feline to become a social media hit after a cat with a kind of dwarfism.
kent sprouse was convicted of the death of ferris police officer marty steinfeldt, 28, at a gas station outside of dallas before also shooting dead a customer, pedro moreno, 38, in 2002.	sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a dallas-area convenience store.	sprouse died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in texas.
the bear, nicknamed mishutka, may be a cute little cub right now, but he will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family.	wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home.
anna foord, of elstree, hertfordshire, convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent, court heard.	the 30-year-old even flew to new york to shop in fifth avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made.	she was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m' boiler room' scam.
footage has surfaced of a crowd of street racers threatening the police officers who rescued their friends from a serious crash.	the body cam vision shows the officers saving several victims from inside a flipped holden commodore despite the threat of smouldering flames on the car.	officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital.
carole middleton, the new arrival's grandmother, has become a permanent fixture at the country home, while in the nursery, nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge.	fittings for both are thought have come from luxury children's furniture emporium, dragons of knightsbridge.
the president and former actor went off-script during a peace summit in geneva in the 1980s to ask the soviet leader for his support in the event of an invasion from extra terrestrial life.	the warning was revealed in a book about ufos by dr david clarke, which examines the extent to which americans believed in stories about aliens.	he suggests his words may show that reagan, who was inspired by science fiction movies, saw there could have been a threat from aliens.
comedian rye silverman is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label modcloth.	often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company's style gallery, an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes.
cheryl rios, who runs the company go ape marketing, posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced her plans to run for president on sunday.	rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that,'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president.	rios responded to the venom on twitter.
the key for easter indulgence is noting our' energy in' and' energy out'.	experts are advising that it is better to manage our energy consumption than to try and work it off afterward.	the key is to maintain an even balance of' energy in' and' energy out.
alison sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m from her ex-husband charles (right) in the belief it was half his fortune.	but his firm appsense was later valued wildly higher, and his stake was said to be worth £132m.	mr sharland, 54, had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court but refused to overturn the divorce.
michael schumacher's daughter gina maria has revealed her impressive riding skills at a horse show in germany.	the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the week-long nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth yesterday afternoon.	miss schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses during yesterday's event.
kieron power’s wife had previously been given a £110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van.	mr power, 54, from esher, surrey, was on his way home after taking the photographs when a police car came up behind him with its blue lights flashing.	mr power, 54, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars after he took photographs of two vehicles parked in a bus stand.
mary kay letourneau and husband vili fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with barbara walters on'20/20', which will air on friday.	letourneau, 53, and her husband, vili fualaau, 31, will join their parents for the interview.	she also has four children from a previous marriage.
geraldine schultz, 67, was blown from the home where she died in fairdale, illinois, to the town of harvard, 35 miles away.	it showed her alongside her husband clem schultz, 84, and was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory.	clem schultz was in the house with his wife when the tornado struck - but survived because he had gone upstairs to fetch a lantern.	when the winds struck he felt the house collapse underneath him - and by the time he made it out, his wife had been killed.
audrey pekin, 19, says she was attacked by a man, henry alafu, who she had met with other friends a few days earlier when he lured her to his remote home - and then assaulted her again in a taxi as she tried to flee.	alafu told ms pekin a party was taking place a nearby villa, and the pair agreed to go to it together.
disgraced davis high school educator brianne altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor.	one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the utah school district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the' flirtatious' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him.
neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals.	similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives.	neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals.
glen walford has been told by judges that the house, where she has recently invested £40,000 in renovations, was not her home at the time when her mother went into care because she rents a flat in london.	now the council has won the right to force miss walford to use the equity in the house, where she intended to retire, for care home fees, which can be up to £600 a week.
lee keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest in a courtroom.	the victim suffered a cut to her right ear, bruising and swelling to the ear, a grazed cheek as well as bruised ribs.	keeley, from lincoln, had become increasingly agitated during the hearing.
a nail house is seen surrounded by a ditch at a construction site in hefei, zhejiang provinc.	homes such as' dingzihu' or' nail houses' are known as' dingzihu' or' nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove, like a stubborn nail.
dawn williamson, 39, was cured of her crippling snake phobia live on tv today by therapists nik and eva speakman in an astonishing ten minutes.	at the beginning of the show, dawn - who was hooked up to a heart monitor throughout - broke down in tears at the mere sight of a plastic snake, which sent her heart rate soaring.
google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term' find my phone' on the site's homepage.	it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed, and it appears to only work when you're signed into your google account on chrome.	the phone's location is shown and clicking' ring' will remotely call the handset.	google's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone, or erase its data.
model and actress sulinh lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on furious 7, but this week she was unmasked as a fraud.	but as the car blog jalopnik reported thursday, lafontaine has been brazenly misrepresenting herself as a member of the film's crew.
andrew steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last august of his wife, 39-year-old ashlee steele, and her 38-year-old sister, kacee tollefsbol, of lake elmo, minnesota.	steele, a former dane county deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last june.
buddhist monk wu yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at lingquan temple in central china's anyang city.	now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible, the people's daily online reports.
nick clegg and his wife miriam gonzalez durantez were seen in their putney home in an itv interview broadcast last night.	only 25 per cent of voters believe it is important to know about leaders’ domestic lives.
australian woman is on a campaign to reunite a lost ring with its owner.	the ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message.	roxy walsh found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali on april 7.
jamie pettingill, who threatened to slice off a schoolboy's face, was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones.	pettingill robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones, and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family, county court judge sandra davis said.	judge also accepted pettingill's crime spree was an' unsophisticated, spur of the moment' act.	pettingill is the son of trevor pettingill, who was acquitted of shooting two police constables in melbourne's infamous 1988 walsh street murders.
marie surprenant, from atlanta, georgia, was admitted to the children’s healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic.	after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele surprenant.	marie, who was recently accepted into one of the city’s top private schools for the fourth grade, went on to introduce herself and tell her story.
isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike.	he is no longer in control of the terrorist group, according to an iraqi source.	source said that he was wounded by an attack from the us-led coalition while travelling in a three-car convoy in march in nineveh, iraq.
christopher flowers was traveling down chili avenue, rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt, causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames.	he immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top.	but on sunday, hospital officals announced he has died.
jack mascitelli, from victoria, took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45am during schoolies week in the popular nsw beach town.	the prank backfired when he accidentally ran' screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers, the sydney morning herald reports.	mr mascitelli, who is studying law and commerce at university, was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
toshiba's humanoid robot known as aiko chihira is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo.	the female-looking robot, named aiko chihira, will only speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language.	chihira is unlikely to engage in smalltalk its makers admit.
corry' corey' campbell, 21, is the ringleader of a gang dubbed the' tattoo terrorists'.	campbell believed the victim, greg valecce, had hurt his cat, pebbles.	valecce, an unemployed drug addict, had been staying in the basement of campbell's mother's house in mayfair, in the city's northeast, however that basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days.
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge.	the interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design, with panoramic sea views offered at every turn.
ranette afonso, 42, will marry marko conte, 30, this october after they met thanks to a car accident in august 2013.	ranette, from north london, has a 21-year-old son and 18-year-old daughter with the husband.	ranette's 20-year marriage was already coming to an end by the time marko unexpectedly came into her life at the end of august 2013.
kyle seitz, 37, of ridgefield, connecticut received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in danbury superior court after his lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf.	authorities say seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, benjamin, to day care on the morning of july 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work.
baby arley was born on the i-65 in louisville, kentucky, on tuesday, after his parents became stuck in traffic en route to hospital due to the presidential motorcade.	it was bumper-to-bumper all up the i-65 in louisville for president obama's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy, worsened because obama had been caught up in washington d.c.
jesus salas aguayo, a former gun for hire and jarez cartel boss known for his brutal murders of rivals, was arrested on friday by mexican police.	aguayo is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking.	aguayo, also known as' el chuyín', led the assault on the invading sinaloa forces, causing the bloodshed of narcos, mexican authorities and civilians.
celebrities have been told to stop taking selfies at this year's cannes film festival by director thierry fremaux.	but this year's cannes film festival has been declared a selfie-free zone after organisers asked celebrities to stop taking the' ridiculous and grotesque' images.	while cannes director thierry fremaux admitted that he did not have the powers to ban the pictures altogether.	he said:' you never look as ugly as you do in a selfie'.
koral reef was a blushing bride in july 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart corey pier.	the 20-year-old temecula, california woman would be dead just over a year later from a rare, deadly brain-eating amoeba infection.
nasuwt union said indiscipline is a ‘ significant problem’, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched.	staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats.	teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils.
chaos caught on camera airs on the science channel at 10pm on monday, april 13.	whether someone is caught up in a terrifying avalanche, shipwrecked at sea, or skydivers are caught in a deadly collision, phone cameras and helmet-cams are able to record every heart-stopping moment and broadcast them around the world.
dmitry kaminskiy is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of' supercenternarians'.	he says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the' real absolute limit to human lifespan'.
people sit on the beach at barry island, near cardiff, as most of england and wales enjoys warm spring conditions.	temperature in the south is forecast to reach 24c (75f) today and 25c (77f) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year, the 21.9c recorded in london on friday.
dr nadeem azeez, 52, is thought to be in pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence.	charged with manslaughter by gross negligence, along with fellow anaesthetist dr errol cornish, 67.	maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust also accused of corporate manslaughter.
federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a tv drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering australian shores by boat.	the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria, iraq and afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers.
uber driver emerson decarvalho allegedly ran down a cyclist after a confrontation in the street.	the incident occurred in the busy fisherman's wharf area of san francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle, yelled at him, leaving the biker with several broken bones, police and media reported.	the driver, emerson decarvalho, 38, stayed at the scene of the crash and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon after the incident, which took place sunday afternoon.
elizabeth sedway, 51, says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly.	mrs sedway, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video, which has been shared nearly 10,000 times.
corey edwards, from teignmouth, devon more than anything wanted to see his parents craig, 28, and jemma, 21, tie the knot.	the five-year-old was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect at the age of seven months.	since then has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments.
michelle o'clee, 39, has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had been leading a double life.	she explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving secret safe houses, witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud.	it was not until pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on facebook that the awful truth emerged.
johnathan isaby, chief executive of the tax payers’ alliance, called the number of communications staff ‘ blatant hypocrisy’.	taxpayer money is being used to fund an ‘army’ of spin doctors with more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the uk.	the number of communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments.
maria twomey, 42, of watford, became a bikini competitor after shrinking five dress sizes.	she has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day.
richard williams, 54, had spent £50,000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope.	the captain birdseye lookalike was jailed at manchester crown court for a total of four years and eight months after admitting cheating the taxman out of over £1million by reclaiming vat from three false businesses.	his ex-wife laurel howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam.
nhs bosses have today come under fire after it emerged a hospital paid a temporary nurse to cover a single 12-hour shift.	the figure equates to £183 an hour, was paid by the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust.	it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request.
arman nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in october 2009 as she walked to a youth club in moss side, manchester.	the girl, now 18, eventually went to police in february 2010.	she has made a formal complaint about the conduct of the officers involved, and the independent police complaints commission is aware of the case, which will be investigated internally.
the helmet camera was discovered by kristoffer örstadius's father in a meadow in gringelstad, sweden.	it is believed the footage was taken four years ago and kristoffer uploaded the footage in the hope of finding its owner.	it has amassed more than 250,000 views since it was uploaded to the site.
karen catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by darren jefferys, who she met on a dating site just weeks before her death.	the pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in gwernaffield near mold, flintshire, when jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage.	police have since told the family that the mother-of-two made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub, which went through to bt to deal with.
shanna mccormick, 31, whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st (left) managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle with pride.	before her weight loss, miss mccormick's partner dan dimmock had been terrified his partner would die in her sleep.
the loose women panellist said she was' hounded on twitter' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.	the loose women panellist said she was referring to health and how we participate in helping our youngsters to live healthier lifestyles.
femail has worked with dietitian lucy jones from the almond board of california to study snacking habits in the uk and identified three tribes of snackers.	ms jones's research has revealed the habits which lead us to nibble needlessly, identifying the behaviours and reasons behind these three distinct snack tribes.
liana barrientos, 39, of the bronx, pleaded not guilty on friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.	barrientos, originally from the dominican republican, lived with her partner and two children in the bronx until her arrest in february.
archaeologists have revealed 20 stone flakes and anvils - used to help shape the tools - just west of lake turkana in kenya.	the discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously.	many experts have long believed that it was the use of stone tools by early species of homo like homo habilis and homo erectus that helped set them apart from other human-like species.
kenneth stancil, 20, accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro, north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor, ronald lane, 44, before fleeing on a motorbike.	he was arrested more than 500 miles away on tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a florida beach.	he will be extradited back to north carolina to face a charge of open murder.
walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of tetley's tea.	the bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks.	walter acquired the unusual taste, all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage.
photographer linden gledhill from staffordshire combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry.	the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern.	butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers, which gives them their greek order name of lepidoptera.
labour's deputy leader harriet harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare.	she said the policy, to be unveiled in labour’s women’s manifesto, to be launched today, would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families.
gemma, named only as gemma, has two children under five by two different fathers.	handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old.	debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all.
john loughery, 60, has been present for every major royal event of the last 10 years.	mrs tyler was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008.
shiva, 11, was reportedly beaten to death for stealing another's pencil and eraser.	the alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home.	verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder and detained for questioning, the times of india reported.
amanda knox spoke outside her parents' home on march 27 flanked by her fiancé after she was exonerated for the murder of meredith kercher in 2007.	she was threatened with rape from a male guard, it was a really terrible experience,' says trial by jury author, douglas preston.	' i think it has really affected her, it's really hard to lead a normal life,' he says.
alexander pacteau, 21, appeared at glasgow sheriff court today.	he is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice.	he will appear again next week for a full committal hearing.	miss buckley's body was found on a farm six miles north of her home.
every day across the world scientists publish countless studies into the health benefits of various foods.	flax seeds thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease, while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid.
justine miliband said she fell in love with her husband ed in 2005.	but the labour leader failed to tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party.	mrs miliband said ed, left, did not tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their' mutual friend'.
tori tripped and fell onto a hot japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers.	she shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm.	tori's doctor's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body.
zoella, real name zoe elizabeth sugg, has enjoyed meteoric success after her blog and video posts amassed a huge teen following on social media.	it comes after an investigation found that video blogs - known as vlogs – popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites.
georgia high school basketball coach greg scott had n't been feeling well lately, so on monday he went to his doctor where he was shocked to discover he had leukemia.	the 51-year-old married father of two and grandfather unexpectedly succumbed to the deadly disease.
new jersey senator robert menendez is facing the possibility of 15 years in prison for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $1million in gifts and campaign contributions.	the 61-year-old democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight counts of bribery for using his political influence to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $1million in campaign contributions and campaign contributions.
muslim group with links to extremists has claimed it can influence up to 30 seats at the general election.	the group, which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution, has bragged that it is in talks with both conservatives and labour.
na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself in the xiangtan, south china.	the five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property, the people's daily online reports.	neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars.
siyanda ngwenya allegedly attacked the female contestant while she was asleep after a drunken night of partying in the house in johannesburg.	the pair were last seen on tv kissing and cuddling in bed before the cameras moved away.	ngwenya boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman.
alessandra ambrosio was treated at the ronald reagan center of ucla hospital in los angeles on sunday.	she had seemed in perfect health at the coachella festival in california on sunday but was suffering' constant headaches'.	ambrosio's medical drama came after she was seen partying at the coachella music and arts festival in california at the weekend.
andy jordan from made in chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world.	he's known as living in one of the most exclusive postcodes in london.	the singer loves to keep active on holiday and aims to surf in the arctic one day.
met has released images of the hatton garden raiders 21 hours before scotland yard released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of the thieves.	the tabloid claims it handed the images to police, who were' delighted'.	but yesterday afternoon detectives insisted they already had the cctv footage, which they claim was recovered' at the earliest opportunity'.
indigenous australian models have yet to make a significant impact on the runway.	the agency started off with just five models and now has 40 models.	next year's annual global event will mark a significant shift if aboriginal model management australia founder kira-lea dargin gets her way.
ashy bines, who is the face of the popular fitness program ashy bines bikini body challenge, is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago.	the case will be heard in a brisbane court next friday with pilot partners already consenting to be liquidators if the tax office wins.
benjamin carr, 22, harboured a burning hatred of mother-of-five pennie davis, 47, during her six-year relationship with his father.	he ordered fellow drug dealer justin robertson, 36, after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier.	robertson will serve a minimum of 32 years and carr a minimum of 30 years.
archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to something approaching it previous glory, in particular the dilapidated outer wall that repelled every attack which invading mongolian armies could throw at it.	among the works being carried out at wanquan castle is the restoration of the fortress' dilapidated outer wall.	the fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading mongolian armies.
robert downey jr has helped raise more than £1million for a british hospice by raffling off a date with himself to his latest film premiere.	the ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of marvel's avengers: age of ultron.	it raised £1,388,863 for the dorset-based charity, which will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire.
western lowland gorillas spotted roaming around the zoo's congo gorilla forest exhibit with their mothers layla and kumi, who are both 16 years old.	but keepers do n't know either of their genders yet, and so neither of them have been named yet.
viktoria's crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father barles charkley.	mr charkley posted the brief video, which has so far garnered more than four million views, to his facebook page on saturday.	mr charkley urges viewers to' check out' her reaction.
gareth edwards directed godzilla to preview the mysterious film, which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core' star wars' saga.	for more than 1,000 generations, the jedi knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the old republic.
chris greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle with his wife, catherine, and children, joe and anna.	the fatal decision was to try and wash the children, toddler joe and five-year-old anna after arriving in a tired and tetchy state at camping la chapelle.
wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks that recommends pairing pinot grigio with nachos and shiraz rose with salt and vinegar crisps.	sauvignon blanc was found to be the perfect pairing for salted popcorn and a scotch egg goes down a treat with a drop of fiano.
the woman was killed instantly on wednesday after she drove her suv around an active crossing gate and collided with an amtrak train in meridian, mississippi.	cobler said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman's name until all family members had been notified.	he said her suv was pushed nearly a quarter-mile.
luke brett moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in goulburn district court.	moore was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years, the courier mail reported.	he dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items.
tom richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of swansea.	after being held in a cell for 11 hours, the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation.	it comes after the 41-year-old accused her younger former boyfriend of violence online.	richards, who is an mma fighter, has vehemently denied the allegations and has not been charged.
google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa, the owner of the three network, to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost.	industry sources said the firms are discussing a' wholesale access agreement' that would help google create a global network.
victim, who is yet to be named, was walking in a subway underneath a road in newbury, berkshire, when two boys approached him.	they sprayed the highly flammable wd40, usually used on cars or locks, over him before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him.	police said the boys sprayed the youngster in highly flammable wd40 before threatening to set him alight.
indonesia the video, shot by dirk nienaber, shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide, who squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down.	the monkey takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst.
johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night.	he was joined by his girlfriend colleen crowley and sipped water throughout the night.	manziel was' doing great' in rehab and had the full support of his team.
paul monk, 54, from essex, was wanted by spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of francis brennan, whose badly decomposed body washed up on a costa blanca beach in march last year.	he was also wanted by the metropolitan police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of francis brennan.	spanish police released footage of their dramatic swoop.
felicity waterford was waiting for her daughter at the sydney conservatorium of music when she saw john howard's car had a flat tyre.	the pair had pulled off and into the conservatorium to change the tyre when they realised they had a flat tyre.	felicity waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the conservatorium in when she noticed the vehicle.
andrew cuomo has become the first american governor to visit cuba since the recent thaw in relations with the communist nation.	the governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the december announcement that the us and cuba would restore diplomatic relations after more than a half century of hostility and confrontation.	today, cuomo met with cuba's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue, mastercard, pfizer and other new york-based companies.
fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests.	he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals.	he also said,' i do n't think you want to go my way.	either it's my way or a negotiated plea'.
nigel farage is touring the country hoping to show how britain can cope without europe.	but the ukip leader's campaign came to an embarrassing halt when on a tour of a hinge factory he met an hungarian worker who spoke no english.	he wants an australian-style system to set targets for the level of skills needed for someone to come to britain in search of work.
kevin carr set to complete his 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months.	a british barman is set to enter the record after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes.	mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss, by 24 hours.
queen's guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week.	he lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle.	the guard, wearing full regalia, falls heavily to the floor still clutching his rifle following the slip.
john travolta claims scientology has helped him' save lives', including his own.	his words came in an interview with good morning america to promote his new thriller the forger about the world's most infamous art plagiarist.	but amid allegations that he has been blackmailed by the elders to remain in the congregation.
filmmaker michael könig from cologne, germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity (shown).	it was made by filmmaker michael könig from cologne, germany.	it uses footage recorded by nasa’s solar dynamics observatory over five years.	highlights of the video include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the sun’s surface and occasionally crashing down again.
british army fired 46 million bullets at the taliban during the eight-year afghanistan conflict.	the large amount of ammunition expended during the conflict shows the intense nature of the fighting between british troops and their taliban opponents.	according to data released by the ministry of defence, some 27 million rounds were fired from either the standard sa-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun.
environmental health were called to the sutton arms, in elton, stockton last year after two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on easter sunday.	24 people suffered gastroenteritis and six of them had clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning.	owner michael alan flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences.
researchers examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40.	researchers in the us examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40.
ellia beasley has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret featuring lost prophets.	she decided to have a tattoo on her belly in 2012 featuring the lyrics' scream your heart out'.	but the aspiring model from new milton, hampshire, lived to regret her decision after the band's lead singer was later exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser.	ellia said she was shocked when she heard about watkin's depraved crimes.
lord macdonald qc, who was dpp between 2003 and 2008, said that instead of consulting with headquarters in london, cps lawyers in leicestershire decided fresh evidence against janner was not worth pursuing through the courts.	lord macdonald said:' it is a matter of great regret that i was never informed of the existence of this case in 2007'.
isis thug cracks a historic artefact with a heavy hammer in the iraqi city of hatra.	militants are also filmed firing ak-47 rifles at relics in the unesco world heritage site in hatra.	militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars.
writer amanda dobbins says lane bryant's new campaign does n't show plus-size women of different proportions.	she says part of the problem is that lane bryant's ads do n't actually show women of all sizes.	she explains that her body type is also not so unusual.
sergeant dan urman's father eitan urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, causing both to tumble over while still hugging.	eitan and his wife ronit, of scottsdale, arizona, had been invited to drop the puck before the arizona coyotes game against the anaheim ducks on saturday.	eitan immediately starts running toward his son, who had been in afghanistan since november, as dan jogs toward his father.
the amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc, us, is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food.	amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc has launched its pot-pairing menu which matches five falafels to different strains of weed.
joel parker, 33, was about to get off the sunshine bus on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar.	when the driver declined, parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said.	he is also never allowed to use the bus again.	joel parker, 33, was arrested for throwing a snickers bar at a bus driver's head after threatening and disrupting him.
clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the company sparked outrage by tweeting' where's the bleach' in reference to last week's introduction of new' emoji' cartoons for iphones.	the maker of clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.	but the corporate twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces.
joseph t. brennan jr. of norwell, massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials.	police searched the home after an incident saturday night where brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette and police discovered' various bomb-making components'.	the blast left the man with minor injuries and he was admitted to brigham and women’s hospital in boston.
joanne whitehouse, 44, had applied for her four-year-old daughter alice to go to st john fisher's rc primary school in middleton as her only preference.	her sons joel, nine, harri, seven, and ollie, six, already attend the school and will have to attend middleton parish c of e primary school with alice.	ms whitehouse's granddaughter olivia, who is also four, also missed out on a place at the school.
web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield.	we can find the dordogne or lake garda on a map but this gets you closer to the real region faster and cheaper.
wrinkle preventing pillowcase's special blend of' hydrophobic fibres' keeps the face and prevent lines while you sleep.	unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which apparently sucks moisture from the skin, the wrinkle preventing version is' therapeutic and extra-smooth'.
dias costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders, who fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood.	the burglary took place late at night in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba, in central argentina.	mr costa, 49, and his wife christina, 48, were asleep when the men, who were armed with two pistols, broke in at around 3.30am.
lindsey vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of the masters in augusta, georgia.	the 30-year-old's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice.	vonn appeared to sweat it out along with tiger after he yanked his tee shot into the adjacent first fairway.
there's no denying that the british interior aesthetic has come a long way over the past several decades.	whether you prefer the earthy aesthetic of the atomic age or the bold hues of the brit-pop'90s, airbnb rentals offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes.
huw thomas, the labour candidate in ceredigion, west wales, suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were for a' simpleton' or a' casual racist'.	he posted his views on a welsh language website called mais e writing during the 2006 world cup:' i agree it is totally sickening the number of english flags to be seen around wales'.	mr thomas said he made the comments as' a young student' and he no longer held those views.
lady gaga went on stage at the oscars, millions of viewers in more than 200 countries saw her perform a tribute to mark its 50th anniversary.	each year, 300,000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film – it’s the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city.
viewers have slammed saturday night live for a controversial sketch that made light of a teacher raping her 16-year-old student.	during the clip he refers to the attack by his teacher as' the best day of my life' - immediately sparking outrage on twitter, with some calling it' gross' while another said it was a' new low'.	an attorney, portrayed by host taraji p. henson, asks the boy how long the illicit relationship lasted, to which daly replies:' she is right over there, looking all fine'.
hillary clinton launched her presidential campaign on sunday and hit the road in a van, en route to a skeptical bunch of community college students in monticello, iowa.	the outlook is n't sunny for the kickoff of her' listening tour':' she's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted student hallie corum in between classes.
breakthrough by jack andraka with matthew lysiak.	he was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland with his elder brother, luke, and parents, jane, a nurse, and steve, a civil engineer.
eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16, were found dead in their princess anne, maryland, home monday afternoon.	the tragic incident took place in princess anne - a community of 3,260 in somerset county, maryland.	princess anne police told daily mail online that no foul play was suspected in the deaths.
jack rowe was found face down in his family's swimming pool in upavon, wiltshire, last july around 20 minutes after being reported missing to police.	the toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, an inquest into his death heard.	three-year-old jack crowe died just days after celebrating his birthday with family when he fell into their garden swimming pool.
green party leader natalie bennett unveiled the green party general election campaigning at the arcola theatre, in london, this morning.	state pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent.	party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the nhs from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways.
max is a 18.5in high fully-grown husky corgi cross.	he's become a favourite with workers at the dogs trust in basildon, essex.	he has now taken refuge at the dogs trust in basildon, essex.
prince george is due to give birth to her second child'mid- to late april.	the 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm.	the youngster says to the waiting female doctor ‘ oi, oi! hello treacle'.
lisa and james tuttle moved with their five children to the rural village of geldeston in norfolk in 2005.	they thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home.	but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs marley and lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour's farmland where they were accused of killing his birds.	lisa said ruby kept escaping from their garden onto mr cook's land causing him to come and complain.
chris roberts, a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference was told he could n't fly on united airlines saturday, due to comments he'd made on twitter.	the researcher, chris roberts, attempted to board a united flight from colorado to san francisco to speak at a major security conference there this week, but was stopped by the airline's corporate security at the gate.	roberts had been removed from a united flight on wednesday by the fbi after landing in syracuse, new york.
a video posted on social media site vine by a user known as old row, shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at texas-based country music festival chilifest last weekend.	the clip was captioned:' these cops let her play rock paper scissors to not get arrested.	# chilifest [ sic ]' since being posted on monday, the vine has been viewed more than 500,000 likes.
robert gentile appeared in federal court in hartford, connecticut.	he was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.	his attorney, ryan mcguigan, said that his client was arrested on a gun charge.
david crossley developed large kidney stones.	david crossley often used to find himself so wrapped up in his working day that he would go without lunch, and often barely stopped for a cup of tea.
figures released by the electoral commission revealed that labour received £1.9million in the week to april 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions.	it included a £1million cheque from unite, entrenching labour’s reliance on the union’s militant boss len mccluskey.	ed miliband received £1.6m from union barons in the first week of the election campaign.
emma walker slipped into a dangerous cycle, her weight plummeting in a matter of months.	within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone as the eating disorder anorexia took hold.	today, weighing a healthier eight stone the 15-year-old is sharing her story to help others.
all nippon airways released artists' impressions of their boeing 787-9 aircraft painted to look like star wars robot r2-d2.	the words' star wars', in the movie's distinctive font, adorn the body of the plane behind the wing, while the tail is in ana's normal - also blue - livery.
madalina neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen.	told doctors she believed she was in labour.	but after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she was n't pregnant.
rodney stover, 48, was arraigned on thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street.	stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a long island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar.	when the 23-year-old victim had entered the turnmill bar bathroom at about 7.50pm on saturday, her attacker, thought to be stover, was hiding in another stall.
chinese social media users praised' tough girl' cao yu for her bravery.	the man in his twenties was holding two knives, stabbed her in the shoulder.	she continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete.
the thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton, hampshire before threatening cashier staff and ordering them to hand over money.	the man, whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages, then fled from the station road, turning left into an alleyway by lloyds pharmacy and into the car park on spencer road.	he was arrested on suspicion of robbery and remains in police custody.
william snyder, 34, charged with abuse of his wife, kelley jo snyder, 34.	she was last seen alive on easter sunday in new york city.	he is the alleged to have sent a ransom note to a local restaurant, himself and an email to police demanding money.
nic newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18.	the 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards.
emily and byron schlenker are the world record holders for having the widest female and male toungues.	the father and daughter have been recognised by guinness world records and have tongues a whopping 8.6cm and 7.3cm wide respectively.	byron's buds measure a whopping 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iphone 6.
hampshire police launched the hunt after the five-year-old was taken from southampton general hospital by his parents last august.	the couple were found in spain but released without charge.	a further £1406 was spent on accommodation, £792 on flights, £132 on food and subsistence and £900 on hiring experts to report to the cps.
gaioz nigalidze, the current georgian champion, was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament when he was found using his phone in the middle of a match.	the two-time national champion was exposed when his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory.	tournament organisers found nigalidze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle, covered in toilet paper.
gordon jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to dunblane cathedral.	he is understood to have been placed in a medically induced coma.	he is survived by his wife gilly and three children megan, sam and emily.	tonight, first minister nicola sturgeon sent condolences to mr jack's family.
tycoon jim ratcliffe wants to build a beach house on a site he owns overlooking the solent.	the proposed beach house in this computer generated image would only be visible from yachts on the solent.	the building has been designed by charles morris, who was the architect responsible for the orchard room at prince charles's highgrove estate.
the lowenbrau keller, in sydney's the rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan' wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins.	the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption' make mein a dubbel', sparking outrage from collective shout.
many britons have given up on their dream of owning a home amid high house prices and poor pay rises.	it found that just four in 10 renters are saving for a deposit to buy a home.	this rises to eight in 10 for londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years.
ryan giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences.	he has pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder and 22 other charges at a hearing at the maricopa county superior court on monday.	he has now pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder, armed aggravated assault and a marijuana violation.
matheryn naovaratpong, from thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved.	the toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last april after she failed to wake up one morning.	after being admitted to a bangkok hospital, tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain.
kejonuma leisure land, in tohoku, japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors.	once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors officially in 2000 following a drop in visitors, attributed to japan's low birth rate and economic collapse.
cook county judge dennis porter, cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin in the march 2012 shooting death of rekia boyd, 22.	moments before he announced the verdict on monday, he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom.	boyd was standing with her friend antonio cross, who reached into his waistband, pretending he had a gun, and charged at servin, the court heard.	servin has maintained he fired only because he felt threatened when he confronted a group at a park about the noise they were making.
skopelos is known as the film location for mamma mia! and i had n't noticed that the end was n't secured.	the island lies in the sporades, east of the mainland.	it has one of the most scenic ports in greece.
teresa sheldon, from dartford, kent, has appeared in court charged with murdering her son tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing ford fiesta.	tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in hursley, near winchester in hampshire.	despite the best efforts of medics tommy, from southampton, died from his injuries on august 25.
yelp, founded in 2004 by two former paypal employees, is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and restaurants.	however, like many web businesses, yelp's revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are often also rated and reviewed on the site.	milliken milliken says she's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise.
bay county sheriff frank mckeithen described the graphic video as the' most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen likened the scene to' wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods'.	he says the footage shows several men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair.	delonte martistee, 22, and ryan calhoun, 23, have been suspended from troy university in the wake of sexual assault claims.
four adults, three in victoria and one in nsw, have contracted hepatitis a after condsuming the 1kg packets of nanna's frozen mixed berries.	patties foods said no hepatitis a virus or e.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled nanna's mixed berries 1kg product during its own testing.	managing director and ceo steven chaur said the company's microbiological and viral testing does not confirm any link between nanna's mixed berries and the virus.
a worrying new trend dubbed the' # kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media.	encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.	the reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell.
islamic state group claims credit on saturday bombing near us consulate.	us state department said the bombing in ainkawa did not kill or wound any consular employees.	but the us state security forces respond to the large explosion.
dr oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia's college of physicians and surgeons.	the harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993.	ten top doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove him from his faculty position.
riley filmer, 14, turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at mcclelland college, in melbourne's south-east.	only to be told that the black soft-leather lace-ups did not meet uniform standards.	the year eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day.
the government's drug regulator - the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency (mhra), has approved a remedy containing a traditional chinese herb.	the product, phynova joint and muscle relief, contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
researchers say older would-be fathers should be better informed about the risks of conditions that can occur in their offspring.	whereas the menopause marks the end of reproduction, men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives.
about $70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern minnesota.	the semen, stolen from daniel weness's farm was taken from an unlocked barn.	the vials of semen were worth from $300 to $1,500 apiece.
moya gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the kruger national park, south africa, when she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a cape buffalo.	moya's sister rone odendaal, 24, who is a teacher at laerskool lothair, began taking pictures of the struggle, before noticing the buffalo was heading for the road.
mark gentle, from farmington, maine, suffers from a congenital heart defect.	his son carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was' ugly', the concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy's chest to his facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support.	mark wrote alongside the picture, which has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on april 11.
joseph koetters taught english at the hancock park school which charges $35,000-per-year.	lawsuit alleges that when koetters was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student, which began in the 2000-2001 school year.	marlborough officials are accused of ignoring complaints made by other female students during his time working at the school.
john oliver flew to moscow to grill edward snowden about the leaking of' harmful' documents and asks him to explain why he did it.	but in an outburst of arrogance, snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a ‘fundamental’ price of liberty.	but security chiefs have warned that extremists had altered their tactics after he leaked details from intelligence agencies.
driver, sam smith, begins filming with tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him.	it's the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado swept past a hapless motorist in illinois, who films it from his truck.	mr smith feels trapped, because he ca n't make out which direction it's moving in so does n't know how to escape.
tesco is close to ditching the last of the private jets used by its top executives.	but after a disastrous year new chief executive dave lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale.	tesco's old gulfstream 550, worth around £30 million, that was capable of flying 14 executives at a time.
sam holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich, illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the espn tournament challenge on monday.	but not the actual grand prize of a $20,000 best buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip for two to the maui invitational college basketball tournament in hawaii this november.
mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in london’s hyde park sporting a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles.	the keen runner, who training for the london marathon later this month, was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt, which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs.
datai is an archipelago of 104 islands in the andaman sea, 20 miles off the coast of malaysia.	after a 30-minute taxi ride through darkness and impenetrable forests, the datai appeared with all the colour and wonder of the emerald city.
pakistani supermodel ayyan ali has been in jail since march 14.	she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14.	ali was last seen in public wearing an' uncharacteristic' black burka outside court as a horde of fellow models gathered nearby.
sarah harding has turned her hand to acting, signing up to appear in four episodes of coronation street.	the former chicago star has admitted that she's turned down the offer twice before.
gps are the gateway to nhs care – nine out of 10 times, the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp.	the crisis in a & e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments.
gaston pinsard was sentenced to 18 months behind bars after he admitted carrying out the assaults more than 50 years ago.	the 96-year-old, who claimed he was himself abused at a notorious jersey children's home, first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old.	frail gaston pinsard, 96, is thought to be britain's oldest serving prison.
michael slager, 33, was charged with murder after shooting walter scott, 50, after stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina.	slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared first.	but on friday, his wife jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother karen sharpe were allowed to speak to him.
microsoft has a new pilot program to hire people with autism for full-time positions.	the announcement was made on the company's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations.	mary ellen smith wrote on the blog:' it's simple, microsoft is stronger when we expand opportunity and we have a diverse workforce that represents our customers'.
christopher annan, 24, and tyrone wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren.	the 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 december 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock.	he was locked up for at least 38 years in july last year for the attack on mr eren, the murder of crime boss zafer eren.	he blamed wright’s parents as the two hitmen were jailed for the gun attack which has left victim inan eren permanently on crutches.
yulia simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill damian vanya in exchange for 100,000 rubles (£1,400).	but police set up a sting operation, sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with simonova in the russian city of moscow.	part of £1,400 offered for a' hit', police arrested the 52-year-old in her car.
lippert suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month.	envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery.	mark lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month.
scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the robotic' chef' hands.	the device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen, priced at around £10,000 ($14,000).
british royal, who is currently working in new york, showcased her style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat, black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt.	princess eugenie, who recently turned 25, was engrossed in her phone.
boris johnson warns against allowing nicola sturgeon's snp to dominate uk.	he likened it to' asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a baby farm'.	ms sturgeon launched her snp manifesto today, boasting that she can' lead the uk' with polices on british foreign policy.
investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan saturday evening at the arcadia palms on east sahara avenue when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside.	two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help.	police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental, and no criminal charges are expected.
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they salvaged their rings and the bride’s dress from the charred building.	eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in tv’s inspector morse.	no one was hurt.
south africa writer sisonke msimang, 41, moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months.	she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in south africa.	she said she started to recognise a systematic approach to'assimilate’ and' eradicate' australia’s indigenous heritage.
hillary clinton’s now-famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs, iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials.	she was in a top-secret meeting with democratic party officials – and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end.	secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if scooby had been left unattended.
northern ireland's tourism board is hitting back at actor kit harington after the game of thrones heartthrob cracked a few jokes at the expense of its capital city.	harington, who plays the character jon snow, poked fun at belfast and tourism bosses when he appeared on a late-night chat show to promote the hbo series’ return to tv screens.	northern ireland is a principal filming location for game of thrones, including croatia and spain.
laura scurr, 15, has spoken out about the pressures on young girls.	she has spoken about pressures put on teenagers to be a' size zero'.	laura became so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed.
italian model ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein groped her during a' business meeting' at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27.	battilana claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt.	battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after making the allegation against weinstein.
sevdet besim, from melbourne's south-east, was charged with' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the melbourne magistrates court.	search warrants were obtained by police for the south-east melbourne homes of sevdet ramadan besim, 18, eathan oswald almo cruse, 19, and mehran azami, 18, and another man who can not be identified.	besim lived in hallam and cruse was from eumemmerring while safi and azami hailed from narre warren.	he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24.
jean morris from the farm said big ben was comfortably the biggest lamb ever born in this country.	ben's arrival came just a fortnight after the largest lamb born in the uk weighed in at a massive 24lbs in north wales.	he was named the big one and is believed to be the heaviest lamb ever born in the wild.
vladimir putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the s-300 missile equipment ‘promptly’.	the move is likely to anger both the u.s. and israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.	russia yesterday lifted a ban on supplying iran with the air defence s-300 missile system in 2007.
nathan dailo, from sydney, uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds.	the clip that has now received almost 26,000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off.
the long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the earth with its legacy captivating children's imaginations the world over.	the giant dinosaur and its evocative name - meaning' thunder lizard' - has enthralled generations of youngsters.but since 1903, experts have believed the creature was originally misnamed.
scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon posing with a rather sceptical face.	miliband superimposed over london rapper plan b, issuing a call to' come at me bruv'.	mr miliband was accompanied in one photo by the caption' debate me like one of your french girls'.
new research suggests the drug, called olaparib - can extend the length of time that a prostate cancer patient lives with the disease without it getting worse.	it is one of the first of a new class of drugs called parp inhibitors.
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine.	he was warned the possible side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache.	yet within 24 hours of having the jab, in april 2011, malcolm had been reduced to a sweating, shivering wreck, gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down.
jurors hearing the boston marathon bombing trial are barred from attending this year's race, a federal judge told the panel on tuesday as part of instructions ahead of the trial's sentencing phase.	dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others.	the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes, starting next tuesday.
jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters, taking a four shot lead into the final round at augusta.	the 21-year-old has begun the last day of the hallowed tournament after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par.	he is playing alongside british contender justin rose in the final, showcase pairing, and will be looking to avoid the disappointment of last year.
snp leader nicola sturgeon left the door open to a second referendum on scottish independence before 2020.	but ms sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years, prompting opponents to claim she had' broken a promise the size of ben nevis'.	snp leader nicola sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a re-run within five years.
bbc bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs, and are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem.	but the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee, because viewers are currently able to use the bbc's online services without paying for them.
the monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through windsor great park aboard her faithful black fell pony, carltonlima emma.	the queen, who has never worn riding helmets, has been encouraged to wear one because of her hair.
hillary clinton has told a series of whoppers about her family history in order to appear more sympathetic to immigrants'-rights activists, according to documents.	buzzfeed found u.s. census records and selective service documents – draft cards – that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in america.	clashes with what clinton herself has claimed publicly, including wednesday afternoon in norwalk, iowa.
edward snowden is being ‘exploited’ under a deal he made with the russians to guarantee him asylum, a leading spy analyst has claimed.	he accused the former us spy of not being ‘transparent’ and said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the russian authorities.	mr snowden is being ‘exploited’ under a deal he made with the russians to guarantee him asylum.
hbo show game of thrones, the fifth season of which had its us premiere last night.	hodor, a character in game of thrones, earned his name because he says only the word' hodor'.
former top gear presenter made his comments when he was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds.	hundreds of fans paid £15 a ticket to watch the former top gear presenter oversee the auction.	clarkson, who celebrates his 55th birthday tomorrow, previously lived in a sprawling £900,000 house one mile outside the town.
hbo's hit series, game of thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series.	the programme has already filmed in some of the most picturesque places around the world.	guests will spend three nights adhering to a full itinerary.
pierre fulton was in the car with walter scott when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light.	when scott fled, fulton and another officer stood by the mercedes watching in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him dead.	now, as slager faces murder charges and national scrutiny, fulton's attorney has released a statement.
phillip schofield was appearing on itv's this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and blurted out' silver fox' at phillip, 53.	the pair hit the headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy, he simply switches off his hearing aid.	but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview, miss grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out' silver fox' at him mid-interview.
kylie jenner poses at coachella with her rumoured boyfriend tyga, 24, and khloe kardashian.	she has been one of the biggest tween stars - with a ticket to every a-list event in town.
archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912.	some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of scott and the polar party.
boy from memphis, tennessee, poses with guns, cash, and bags of what looks like marijuana.	tweets include the phrases,' i need a bad b****',' gang sh** n****'.
students at wellington college spent the last year studying a different classic book for their imminent as-level exam.	the mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.	now pupils will have to cram their studying into just a few weeks with extra lessons put in place.
the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky.	they were captured by local guide and photographer denis budkov.	mr budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse.	mr budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment.
jeff bezos takes in the' campo de' fiori' in rome on tuesday.	he was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard.	he was also discreetly accompanied by a security guard around the italian capital.	bezos is ranked number 15 on forbes' billionaires list for his vast wealth.
raymond lee fryberg jr. was arraigned in seattle on thursday, nearly six months after his son jaylen fryberg killed four students at marysville pilchuck high school last year.	fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a beretta pistol in january 2013.	he allegedly bought the firearm from a gun shop and answered' no' on the federal firearms purchasing form when asked if he was the subject of a restraining order that prohibits him from' harassing, stalking or threatening your child or an intimate partner'.
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election at asda supermarket in his hereford constituency.	west mercia police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the representation of the people act 1983, which bans election candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
rev.	jamal bryant leads a rally outside of the baltimore police department's western district police station during a march and vigil for freddie gray on tuesday.	but the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who on tuesday evening took to the streets of baltimore to protest the police force in gray's name.
tourists are being invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger, one of the world's most endangered animals.	bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat.
asif malik, 31, his partner sara kiran, 29, and their daughter zoha, four, zakariva, two, and yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-channel ferry.	they left their home in slough, berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, which is out of character, police said.	police have warned that the muslim family, who were last seen in slough, berkshire, may be heading to syria.
hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house.	the group, lpac, launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady's bid to become the nation's first female president.	king, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, was a leader of the group' women for hillary' in 2008.
trevor noah was photographed on monday at citi field along with jerry seinfeld and larry david as the new york mets took on the philadelphia phillies during opening day.	the quartet were all present at citi field in queens to watch the game between the new york mets and the philadelphia phillies.	noah, who is little-known in the us, rocketed to national fame last month.
sean heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month.	mr heslop, who separated from his wife last year, has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in kent.	mr heslop split from his canadian wife celine, 44, in the autumn after nine years of marriage.
cheryl heineman, 45, was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee, florida.	the woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old jack lindsey, is facing the same charges.
lenny mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight to new hampshire on thursday because he fell asleep and was snoring before take-off.	the woman, dubbed' psycho pen lady' by another fellow passenger, was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of chicago.	crew appear to pass the pen used by the female passenger in the assault on fellow traveler.
two prototypes of the cyg-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of haikou in hainan province in china.	the aircraft is believed to be a joint project between russia and china to build new types of super-efficient seaplane.	the cyg-11 seaplane (above) uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide.
president clinton says he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife, hillary, decide to run for president.	the clintons had long spoken of their desire to have a grandchild - a dream which came true last year when their daughter chelsea gave birth to baby charlotte.
the booster's flyback marks another step in the company's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown, potentially slashing launch costs.	the booster was programmed, following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff, to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed' just read the instructions' in the atlantic ocean.
liz hurley, 49, and jacqueline bissett, 70, or soap star dean gaffney, 37, there's no shortage of hollywood lookalikes.	among the more unlikely pairings is hunger games star josh hutcherson, 30, an actor best known for his role as martin fowler in eastenders.
children at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point were read i am jazz, a book about a child' with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender.	i am jazz is a book about a child' with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender.
families of five feminists detained by police for more than a month.	female activists arrested by police for' picking quarrels and provoking trouble'.	five women - li tingting, wei tingting, zheng churan, 25, and wu rongrong, 30 - have been linked to several stunts over the last few years.
scientists at the university of maryland said the impact of theia with earth was so violent, the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon.	the hypothesis claims the moon is debris left over following an indirect collision between our planet and an astronomical body approximately 4.5 billion years ago.
george osborne appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ‘ depriving more families’ of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year.	more than a million households lost out when the coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
jcno jeans, popular at nineties raves, are threatening to make a comeback.	the return of the highly impractical jeans, which featured giant leg openings approaching 50in, has us contemplating the retro fashion nineties and noughties trends that should be left in the past.
arrests were made sunday in minnesota and california after an investigation into youths traveling to syria to join isis in iraq and syria.	arrests were made in minneapolis and san diego but there is no threat to public safety.	spokesman ben petok did not give details about the charges.
sir john chilcot’s inquiry, which began in 2009, has been pushed back until after the election.	bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading figures in the inquiry, like tony blair, the chance to rebut its findings.
lizzie cochran, a student at columbia university, has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs.	she came up with after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes, and then spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history.	lizzie, who will be returning to her native texas for medical school in the fall at university of texas san antonio, was soon mocking up ideas for clothing.
colonel muammar gaddafi stands with his wife and children near bab al-azizia palace in november 1986, before it was left in ruins by air raids.	the former bab al-aziziya palace boasted a zoo, fairground and pool, now lies in a derelict state.	now the homes and residences of colonel muammar gaddafi have been reduced to rubble.
poland said it is demanding a formal apology from the u.s. over the comments made by fbi director james comey.	the piece was titled why i require fbi agents to visit the holocaust museum.	mr mull said he now had' a lot of work' to do to rectify the situation.
zacharia yusuf abdurahman, 19, and adnan abdihamid farah, both 19, charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed monday.	the complaint says the men planned to reach syria by flying to nearby countries from minneapolis, san diego or new york city.	the complaint - mohamed farah, abdurahman and musse - were stopped at a new york airport in november along with 19-year-old hamza ahmed, but they were not charged until now.	ahmed was indicted on charges of lying to the fbi during a terrorism investigation.
terrifying dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern siberia.	the clip resembles scenes from a hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.	the clip begins with visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam at zero.
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on wednesday.	among his self-administered tattoos are the word' brotherhood' on his neck and the number'88' on his left cheek which is linked to neo-nazis.
threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening.	tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320.	the threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before the plane's scheduled departure, prompting police to set the necessary measures in motion.
sophie ryan-palmer, 12, fabian bates, nine, and chloe balloqui, three, are patients at great ormond street hospital, london, the leading british centre for treatment of child cancers.	immunotherapy involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient’s cancer cells and destroy their bone marrow.
lorna mccarthy, 50, feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death at the hands of barry mccarthy, the man she had spent 25 years with before their separation four months earlier.	she urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day - but it was never received.	but in the early hours of september 28, mrs mccarthy revealed she did not want to try to save the relationship.
doug hughes, 61, spoke from his home in ruskin, florida, afre he arrived for house arrest before his court date.	he has prompted a full-scale security review in washington.	hughes, a us postal service mail carrier, described his flight upon arriving home in ruskin, florida, early on sunday.	hughes told reporters outside his home:' i had expected to be intercepted on the way'.
lix bussey, 23, from durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in mexico with her boyfriend.	she was just coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend jonathan boyle, also 23, in the resort of riviera maya.	tragedy struck when miss bussey was hit by a car as the pair made their way back to their hotel after a night out.
andreas rasmussen, christian boyum johansen and johan berg are filmed by emil fogh, standing just centimetres away from the shark they've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in new zealand.	the line spins rapidly as their catch continues to swim around and the fisherman is pulled in to the sand by its tail.
u.s. rep. alan grayson and his wife have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage as they continued talks on a settlement.	the agreement was announced on tuesday by a judge in an orlando, florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because lolita grayson was married to another man when they wed.	alan grayson's attorney said they were close to reaching a settlement.	he was an attorney before going to congress.
coleen, 28, and nadine coyle have joined forces with cancer research for race for life.	the ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a game of thrones-style makeover.	raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer.
some 70 per cent of seats in the east of england are considered safe.	there are 650 seats up for grabs on may 7, with labour and the tories needing more than half to secure a majority.
malaysia has passed a controversial terror law aimed at tackling growing support for islamic state extremists in the country.	the prevention of terrorism act passed in the capital kuala lumpur yesterday - officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial.	but it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire.	human rights watch described it as' a giant step backwards for human rights'.
david cameron said 2million people have found work since 2010.	the prime minister used the data to warn that the recovery would be' put at risk' by a'stitch-up' between labour and the snp, after ed miliband and nicola sturgeon clashed in a tv debate last night.	david cameron today warned the recovery would be put at risk by a labour-snp'stitch-up' after the election on may 7.
photo shows a beautiful young cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter.	the extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become shaheed's pet.	his extravagant purchase was met with one of his fellow fighters, abou shaheed al-muhajir.
best option is to be with mobile operator three.	customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries.	three's feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe, asia and the middle east.
royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013.	it will be presented in a special white box, which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image of a silver carousel horse.	the coin will be minted with the one penny's royal shield design and the new effigy of the queen, which was unveiled in march.
lord janner signed letter saying he wanted to remain in the house of lords if he was too frail to be brought before court.	crown prosecution service has faced widespread criticism since announcing last week that janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has alzheimer’s disease.	but now it has emerged that the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name in an april 9 note to lords authorities.
sam pearce, 24, was discovered on the f train in new york city.	soon after arriving in the big apple he landed a job teaching english to eighth graders in brooklyn, new york.	but just a few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed brown university graduate was' discovered' on the subway by another model, who promptly asked whether he could send mr. pearce’s picture to his own modeling agency.
more than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party' midnight mafia' at the sydney showground in homebush from 10pm on saturday night until 6am sunday.	around 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm saturday until 6am the next morning.	police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue.	according to nsw police, a 22-year-old man was found in possession of 441 mdma tablets.
the firm claims the latest update to its android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts.	google handwriting input is now available on android phones, and the firm said it took' many years' to perfect.	google also launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply google it.
historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in oregon.	the way the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill, is similar to russian log cabins of the same time period.	olson and hayden are currently trying to find a permanent place to house the cabin.
sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and as a result are anti-inflammatory.	tart or sour cherries have been found to contain high levels of antioxidants.	as a result the benefits include anti-inflammation, boosted sleep, and improved sports recovery.
arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot, called the germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.	the seats, tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including e.coli.	according to the businessmen, germs such as e.coli and mrsa can linger for up to a week on suraces within an aircraft.	it also has uv-c lamps on its top and sides.
the 29-year-old from chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome (ais), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen.	the brunette - who currently works for a non-profit addressing the legal rights of intersex individuals, immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions.
a previously unseen hand-drawn flightplan of the mission to drop an atom bomb on hiroshima is now for sale.	the incredible lot is being put to auction by the son of captain robert lewis who was on the enola gay that fateful day.	he wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts:' my god, what have we done?' if i live a hundred years i'll never quite get those few minutes out of my mind.
curious passengers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane – from whether pilots require a key to start a plane to where flight attendants sleep on long-haul flights.	mailonline travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers’ frequently asked questions about planes.
aaron hernandez was taken to the mci cedar junction prison in walpole, massachusetts.	he was being moved to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near shirley today.	he is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch.	it can also be disclosed that he was hooked on' angel dust'.
former marine jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox, who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend, in new richmond on thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot.	the officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try' suicide by cop'.	wilcox, accused of gunning down two people, was also armed.
sharon winters was searching for her soulmate when she met kevin hawke on an online dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead.	the father-of-seven said:' she was a lonely heart just wanting love.	that animal preyed on her caring nature.	mr robinson told her brother that she was' just desperate to be loved'.
sophia adams, 21, has beaten 1,000 other hopefuls to land a modelling contract with london agency bridge models.	trainee police officer, who has a 32jj bust, will be joining the brand's curvy line-up and starring in their spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the mediterranean.
gps are in revolt over government plans for them to offer patients appointments seven days a week.	the government has tried to encourage gps to offer out-of-hours appointments through a scheme known as the prime minister’s challenge fund.	surgeries have been urged to form into groups of 20 to ensure that at least one in the area is open to patients on saturdays and sundays.
the internals reveal samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor s5.	the galaxy s6 also comes with samsung's shannon modem chip, u.s. phone carrierat & t said on its website.	the findings suggest a deeper loss of business for qualcomm in the new generation of samsung's flagship handsets.
chinese hospital is being painstakingly moved just eight metres a day on 1,000 metal rollers to prevent it from being demolished to make way for a new road.	two-storey brick building in china is being rolled every day on giant metal' wheels'.	large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels to' roll' it.
nicholas dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon.	demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said.	dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident, according to the new york daily news.
the fast car sequel is predicted to overtake the likes of frozen and iron man 3 in a matter of weeks.	this brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million that fast & furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013.	the film has raced to number seven on the list of highest grossing movies in just three weeks.
ukip leader said backers had to use their vote' as wisely as they can'.	ukip leader said he is finding the election campaign ‘knackering’, as polls suggest support for ukip is on the slide.	david cameron has urged ukip supporters to' come home' to the tories.
scientists from the university of maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of lactobacillus casei and lactobacillus rhamnosus.	eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like e.coli.
the woman, who calls herself zhu diandian online, has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st).	but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two, with ms zhu proudly posting pictures of them snuggled up in bed together, it was reported by people's daily online.
retailers are unveiling quirky products designed to make your life easier this season.	femail has rounded up the eight products you should be packing to make your summer break as possible.	religiously slathering on sun cream on a hot day can be a time consuming process.
the story of katherine of alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades and features steven berkoff, edward fox, joss ackland and nicole keniheart.	director michael redwood said peter o’toole was certainly not the type to let illness interrupt his career.
social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures.	snapchat's sydney story - a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day.	spectators captured the rain water-falling off the top of the grandstand as fans tried to stay dry under any cover they could find.
transavia france is selling cheap flights with packets of gummy bears and cereal bars.	each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within europe.	passengers must pay a booking fee on top of the airfare cost.
the intensity of nessun dorma, performed by luciano pavarotti, is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee.	meanwhile, the high-pitched piano in billie holiday's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding.
the 1904 victorian property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4.	the remains which were removed from the house on april 4 are believed to be that of anna ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter carolyn, a hoarder.	neighbors told the san francisco chronicle it will primarily be property developers bidding for the home.
midsomer murders are to have its first regular asian character in its 18th series, four years after the drama's producer said the show' would n't work' with ethnic minority characters.	although there have been asian actors in cameo parts, this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
joseph o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex.	he grew suspicious his wife, amanda, 47, with a seven inch kitchen knife.	the couple had been married for ten years when o’riordan, who was also the president of his local royal british legion and had attended the queen’s garden party in 2013 for his work on the diamond jubilee celebrations.
journalist sabrina rubin erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for rolling stone magazine about campus rape.	jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago.
colby ramos-francis, who is 17 months old, was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid.	but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand.	his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery, leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad.
noor ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, businessman robert ellis, at their home in bali last october.	his body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village.	mrs ellis faced court on wednesday charged with the premeditated killing of her husband of 20 years, and explained that he was now' in heaven'.
jenny-lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy.	she told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy.	she refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion.	her mother heather has told the daily telegraph that her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child.
luke munro, 19, and dylon thompson, 21, burst into the londis shop in cleveleys near blackpool in october last year while the owner, his wife, and their toddler were behind the counter.
us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter.	plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants, which could boost plants’ yields and the income of farmers.
attorneys for 42-year-old david serbeck told the utah court of appeals that serbeck's original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations tying his 2007 relationship with the 17-year-old to his shooting.	serbeck was shot and left paralyzed by the teenage victim's angry father, reggie campos, in july 2009 after the girl told campos that serbeck was aggressively stalking her.	serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison.
kenneth stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina.	he allegedly entered the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee ron lane.	it is not known whether stancil and lane are connected or related.
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later.	she said the bird's skin had healed around the arrow and made the process more difficult.	animal officials had high hopes for the bird's recovery after its capture earlier wednesday.
tahlequah' jack! police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in tahlequah.	it was sniffed out by a police dog in tulsa county, oklahoma, and the intended recipient, carolyn ross, has now been arrested by police.
andrew anderson, 43, was claimed to have forced a social worker to the floor, injuring her wrist, as they battled over the unit which had been reduced from £199 to £99 as part of the frenzied midnight sales event.	the self-employed gardener ‘strategised’ his shopping and grabbed a tv near the bottom of a pallet in manchester, only for mrs mcgoldrick, 53, to grab the same time - and suffer injuries that saw her end up in hospital.
don mclean is responsible american pie, the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades.	argued over by generations of geeky fans, deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century u.s. social history by even groovier academics.	this week its lyrics, hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean, were sold at auction in new york.
some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when they were at school.	nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram.
personal advisor tola ore, 32, fitted a high-tech device to her desktop computer.	the gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 from outside the bank in palmers green in north london.	ora, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to the usb port of her computer in the santander bank branch in palmers green.
migrants arriving in the uk will be banned from receiving handouts from the welfare state for four years.	home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe, including curbing access to benefits.
joanna biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety - not through tedious sociological analysis (thank goodness).	biggs divides her workers in interesting categories, yoking disparate occupations in terms of their overall function.
chester, a 6-year-old pit bull, was found as a stray and had been living in shelters.	the poor pooch had been living in new york state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way, until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country.	the picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting chester poured in from all over the world.
atlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops in a late-night incident that saw an indiana pacers player stabbed.	footage taken outside a nightclub in chelsea, new york, appears to show sefolosha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers.	it happened on the same night that pacers star chris copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 oak club.
amazon has won approval from u.s. federal regulators to test the latest version of its delivery drone outdoors, less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing.	the faa granted amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated wednesday, posted on the agency's website.	amazon must keep flights at an altitude of no more than 400 feet (120 meters) and no faster than 100 miles per hour (160 km per hour).
experts fear millions of asian hornets could be heading to britain.	they pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is so exhausted the hornets can move in and ransack it.	the hornet is thought to have travelled to france on some chinese pot plants in 2004.	it has colonised huge swathes of the country and with a few hornets capable of destroying 30,000 bees in just a couple of hours, honey production has plummeted.
arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky.	the incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo.	programme makers had hoped to use the drone to capture the enclosure from above.
the ink illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a religious document.	the drawing shows a cloaked creature with long, spiky hands and protruding pointy ears.	samson was given supernatural strength by god in order to combat his enemies.
john o'connor, a highly experienced former police detective, has said the hatton garden gem heist could be linked to the huge underground fire which ripped through london last week.	the massive fire started last wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out.	john o'connor, a highly experienced former commander of the metropolitan police's elite flying squad, has claimed the major power outage was far more than a coincidence.
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital astana, and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace.	the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube.	many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life.
more than 20,000 pupils passed ten or more gcses with either an a or an a* grade between 2009 and 2013, department for education statistics reveal.	the number of teenagers getting straight as at gcse has soared by a third in just five years.	critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy.
mike cannon-brookes will have the option of working in the incredible library.	he shares the title with his business partner scott farquhar after they established software company atlassian 12 years ago.	they are now joint ceos and equal partners to the company.
dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene.	the shootout occurred after a neighbor saw south walking around the field.	two bullets fired by police struck south, but neither was lethal.
enid hatch, 70, told of the horror as she ran out to cardiff to help what she thought was an injured man, only to discover blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten yards away.	rogers was in fact alan rogers, 73, who had smashed the skull of 76-year-old fred hatch.	yesterday rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the mental health act and told he may never be released.
the 15-year-old girl, named locally as leah price, was airlifted to hospital last night from the blue dolphin camping site near filey, north yorkshire.	it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs.	police say it is believed she may have been sat on the cliff.
after belting out human nature to drake at coachella on sunday night, madonna pulled the 28-year-old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips, making out with him for at least three seconds.	sources were quick to tell tmz that drake liked the kiss, but rather a last-minute decision by madge.
video shows traffic moving along a busy street in salihorsk, south of minsk.	as dark clouds move over the city, the entire area is plunged into darkness.	the storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the ukrainian-belorusian border.
san francisco is known as america's most european city.	it is plastered with colossal photos of john lennon and guests of alcatraz.	we trawled the boutiques of haight ashbury in search of the summer of love.
james koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in a car in temperatures of up to 93 degrees for over two hours.	police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.	the boy's mother then found him in the car, before going home and falling asleep, police say.
sara martin was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable form of brain cancer in 2010.	she has taken part in charity runs, gone on holidays and made countless invaluable memories with her family.	she has been diagnosed with an aggressive, inoperable form of brain cancer.
research by biologists at jyväskylä university in finland claims to have settled the debate.	they say that eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls.
bruce jenner will speak out in a'far-ranging' interview with diane sawyer later this month.	the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february.
claudia martins gave birth alone at her sister's flat in knowle, bristol on september 12 last year.	paramedics were called after the 33-year-old, a portuguese national, was found sitting in the bath with' a lot of blood'.	she then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase.	martins was acquitted by a jury of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter.
felix the cat was discovered at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks.	the two-year-old grey tabby's crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier but it was damaged so badly – apparently while being transferred from the plane – that felix was able to get out and run away.	the couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york.
conrad clitheroe, 54 and gary cooper, 45, from stockport, were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers in dubai.	conrad clitheroe, 54, and gary cooper, right, will be able to return home to celebrate his first wedding anniversary with his wife valerie on may 9.	attorney nasser hashem said the men would be free to go after the court accepted a defense argument that they were pursuing their passion.
moose toys employees joost poulus and kate zahra putting the table tennis table through its paces.	staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice.	general manager of products joost poulus said the vibrant and creative space brought out the best ideas from employees.
revlon's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar... it's shot in black and white with just a slick of pink visible on the woman's lips.	the move is said to signal it's intention to inspire love and connect with people around the world on an emotional level.
niki rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on friday after the accident near the town of cleveland, wisconsin.	his wife, niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries.	rogan, 42, was a devout churchgoer and former marine, and ran an organic seed business.
cbs political analyst john dickerson announced as the new host of face the nation.	he is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program.	dickerson worked for time magazine for 12 years, four of them as white house correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the obama presidency and his second run at the white house in 2010.	schieffer, who has worked for cbs since 1969, revealed he was stepping down last wednesday.
researchers have isolated bacterial dna of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of the dominican church in vác, hungary.	they found 14 different strains of tb that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb.	they say the strains of tb they found all evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late roman period.
chris brugger the cost of staying alive is $16,000 every three weeks.	father-of-two from griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin's disease - brentuximab vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically.	it's for this reason that his' my name is chris' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment.
police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson, nevada.	police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries.	another person was checked at the scene.
nicola sturgeon said she would try to' lock david cameron out of downing street'.	she said the offer stood' regardless of who is the biggest party’ in the house of commons'.	comments raise the prospect of mr miliband ending up in number 10.
aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam, then 42, on the set of nowhere boy in which he played the young john lennon and she directed him.	six years, one marriage and two children later, the hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature.
beverley davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former royal marine ray warren but tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 over 42 transactions.	the 35-year-old mother-of-three used ray warren's bank cards to buy chinese takeaways, pay for creche fees and even clear some of her mortgage arrears after she gained his trust while working as a carer in his home.	he died just five months after her crime was discovered and his daughter elaine symonds said davis, 35, got what she deserved.
nicola sturgeon has said she would work with ed miliband's left-wing backbenchers to ensure a labour minority government did not pursue austerity.	she also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru to ensure mr miliband did not impose any more cuts.
abby swinfield, from castle donington, was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march 30.	her cousin has claimed she did n't take the drug voluntarily, saying her drink was spiked.	police are still waiting for the result of the post-mortem but it is believed the teenager had taken the illegal class b drug mephedrone.
new zealand couple justin and jola transformed their moving house into a castle complete with a rooftop bathtub and guaranteed to please even the pickiest of travellers.	but when it is unfolded, the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for justin, jola and their baby son piko.	it meets the minimum road requirments and appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck.
historian david starkey says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not' assume the status of victim'.	outspoken 70-year-old said evidence suggested women tended to average intelligence, whereas men were either' very, very bright or very thick'.
the seven-car maglev - short for' magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h) during a test run near mount fuji.	the technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.	owner central japan railway plans to have a train in service in 2027 to join tokyo and the central city of nagoya.
mod gave a total of £81.9million in compensation to members of the armed forces.	the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield.	those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000.
debenhams say the classic and modern styles are designed to make you' look and feel fabulous' on your big day.	debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street and the store has added a covetable bridal collection to its repertoire.
apple inc has approached more than a dozen musicians, including british band florence and the machine.	the company is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in june.	apple has also approached taylor swift and others about partnerships, the report said.
georgina gosden, 25, is facing common assault charges for punching two women in the face at a pub.	she carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last april.	police are pursuing the charges against ms gosden, despite her most recent victim withdrawing the charges.
brock guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 toyota corolla.	the boy's father said he had placed brock in the corolla at around 4:45 a.m..	but the car thief clearly did n't notice the boy curled up on the backseat as he sped away with the vehicle.
wendy stokes, 74, is delighted to have 109-year-old toby back after his escape 11 months ago.	he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety and taken to a nearby animal rescue centre.	six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in margate, kent, 22 miles away from wendy's farm in west hougham.
adam leheup, 34, was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at blackfriars crown court.	the self-confessed first date addict had spent nearly a year on police bail before eventually being charged and appeared emotional, emitting a slight gasp, as he was cleared.	leheup told the jury they enjoyed a night-long date, which included wine and cocktails, with the young woman responding to his physical advances and allowing him to remove her bra in her bedroom so he could massage her back with oil.
pensions minister steve webb said april 6 was the ‘ starting gun’ and not a ‘deadline’, adding: ‘ we want people to make informed choices.	he said over-55s ‘don’t have to rush this’ and insisted there was ‘ a case for waiting and seeing’.	but as pensions freedom day finally arrived, the government appealed for caution.
legendary chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, zimbabwean-born heiress cheryl roux, last year.	coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant nataliya lutsyshyna.	sources close to the restaurateur say he is ‘smitten’ with ms lutsyshyna, a 41-year-old ukrainian who used to work at the roux restaurant in westminster.
a finger-width tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (ebus) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.	the procedure involves inserting the ebus down the throat, guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube.	an ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes a tissue sample.
nhs managers were potentially dodging income tax by channelling huge salaries through personal companies, jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after the election.	the practice is being used by temporary executives – some of whom earn more than £2,000 a day.	labour health spokesman andy burnham has also vowed that a labour government would investigate the mail’s evidence.
president barack obama sits with national security adviser susan rice, and energy secretary dr. ernest moniz at the start the summit with caribbean community last thursday.	the trio, along with secretary of state john kerry and senior members of the intelligence community are this week lobbying members of congress and jewish community leaders to support the nuclear pact with iran.	a senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill authored by senate foreign affairs chairman bob corker.
luca railton, 11, was born with bones missing from his legs, due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia.	doctors said the condition - which affects just one in three million people - meant he would to have his right leg amputated or fused straight.	mr and mrs railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the us for surgery.
amanda lamb claims that it is the small touches in a home that make a real difference.	she is at hand to offer advice on how to perk up a house this spring.	the images were captured by renowned vogue photographer willy camden.
steven nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he ca n't afford his wife to be a stay-at home.	nelms told the independent journal review that his wife, glorianna, stays at home with the couple's two-year-old son ezra because of high child care costs.	nelms, from plano, texas, decided to write an essay, which was posted on we are glory.
anand iyer worked for fashion site threadflip, but ditched his job to be a house-husband - and now he could n't be happier.	but apparently the dream combination is not so perfect.
snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning.	she looked svelte in the £179 knee-length 1940’s-style ‘blitz’ dress by edinburgh fashion label totty rocks, which was paired with a pair of raspberry stilettos.	miss sturgeon has been praised recently for her sartorial choices.
the great dying, which struck the earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures.	they claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions.	research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic.
patrick bamford wants to lead the line for chelsea in the premier league.	aitor karanka said before the game that his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of a claustrophobic championship.	thanks to blues loanee bamford – creator of one for jelle vossen and scorer of the other - the teessiders remain on course for what would be a deserved return.
wendell steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in akron, ohio during their 300-mile journey from nova, ohio to pennsylvania.	although mitt romney was governor of massachusetts and not the buckeye state, the former presidential candidate famously came under fire during his 2012 run for the white house after it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his dog on his car.	steiner's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries.
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster's methodist central hall.	he faced claims he blamed all of britain's problems on migrants.	nigel farage said he did not' lose my rag' after rounding on audience members.
hillary clinton’s security detail arrived at a suburban des moines, iowa fruit processing company on tuesday with an added vehicle – a second scooby.	after her signature oversize black chevy conversion van dropped her off at capitol fruit company in norwalk, iowa.	both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and new york license plates.	while the original van – the one nicknamed' scooby' after the scooby-doo cartoon show – the second has blue and white plates of a different design.
sir ranulph fiennes has become the oldest briton to complete the marathon des sables with just 13 minutes to spare.	at the finish line of the six-day 256km race through the moroccan desert, the 71-year-old, who has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003.	there were fears sir ranulph would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage.
victoria beckham had a hit with this armband shift dress (victoria beckham.com).	next's compact cut-out shoulder dress is a fraction of the price.	it's not just designer clothes that the company is expert at emulating.
ryan heritage was arrested in trowbridge, wiltshire just hours after posting the message which read' oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' he went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him.	the trowbridge neighbourhood policing team then re-posted his original message and added their own:' oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck'.
paula dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury, kent.	but when she took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain' seeping through' from the its lining.	inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric.
liz norden's adult sons, jp and paul, each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashing by the tsarnaevs' primitive explosives in april 2013.	the men, now in their mid-thirties, were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the boston marathon.	they each lost their right leg when tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev detonated bombs by the finish line of the 2013 boston marathon.
julie mckenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back.	she'd always been strong and active until the pain began in the spring of 2013.	but as she explains:' i'd been doing a lot of gardening'.
reverend andrew dotchin, 58, a well-known local character popular with his parishioners, was celebrating the end of lent when he was refused entry at the wine bar in ipswich.	he was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.	mr dotchin, 58, preached in south africa for 16 years, strolled off instead to the nearby revolution bar in the old cattle market.
pensioner, who was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777-300 jet, was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing.	the flight crew alerted the pilot, who put a call in to the irish aviation authority’s (iaa) north atlantic communications service centre at ballygirreen in co clare.
elizabeth scarborough, 21, has been built a career on impersonating the superstar singer.	it's not just her strikingly similar resemblance to 25-year-old taylor that's helped elizabeth book private appearances and live concerts where she performs the shake it off singer's greatest hits.
the 121-foot brig of the james mcbride, which ran aground during a storm on october 19, 1857, has been revealed following ice-melt in lake michigan.	the wrecks of the james mcbride and rising sun were exposed this month after ice melted on the lake.	unpredictable weather makes lake michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world.
vanessa favia, 19, is accused of murdering her socialite mother in bali.	mack, 19, has filed a claim in court back in february that her uncle, wiese-mack's brother and trustee of her estate, had blocked her access to the funds.	mack wept as prosecutors said she should be sentenced to 15 years - but spared her the death penalty.
cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her vest at the caulfield rsl in elsternwick, south-east of melbourne about 8.00pm on wednesday.	the woman, who is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest, could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer.
anti-racism protester jacob king had a face off with a neo-nazi at the easter weekend's reclaim australia rallies on the easter weekend.	mr king told daily mail australia he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at federation square.	mr king was raised in melbourne and says he lived in a multicultural part of the victorian capital.
charles barnhoorn, a telesales call handler, was found dead in his bedroom.	he was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in kingsteignton in devon by his heartbroken mother susan.	at an inquest into his death, torbay coroner ian arrow recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
clem schultz thought his dog missy suffered the same fate as his partner but not all pets in the storm were granted the same fate.	owner clem schultz's beloved wife geraldine died in the blast.
150 business leaders have signed a letter backing tory economic plans.	among the new signatories is simon woodroffe, the founder of yo! sushi and a former labour backer.	others include executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from the index.
john truong thought he was helping his sister have a nice night out with her boyfriend.	instead, he ended up an unknowing accomplice to a bizarre abduction.	authorities say chang and nguyen incapacitated the child's mother at her home in des moines, washington, bound her with plastic ties and then took the two to another home in fife.
adorable creature had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in india.	the sleepy squirrel sticks out his tongue after waking up from a nap.	the species are found naturally in india and sri lanka.
domanik green, 14, has been charged with a felony after he allegedly hacked into the computer of a teacher he did n't like and changed his desktop background.	the pasco county sheriff's office have claimed he illicitly made his way into the encrypted system, had access to personal files and could have altered his classmates' grades, but the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank.	he was arrested on wednesday and detained at the land o'lakes detention center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day.
nicole mcdonough, 32, of mount olive, was arrested in december after reportedly having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at mendham high school.	the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper' communication' and' fraternization' with two other 18-year-old male students.
sgt.	george hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home following a 911 call at 7am.	officials said the officer's wife made the call, which was listed as a domestic dispute.	local police called in the charleston county sheriff's department, the crisis negotiations team, swat, and bomb squads to assume responsibility of the situation.
carwyn scott-howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area.	the welsh schoolboy, who was formally named by police today, was holidaying in the french resort of flaine with his mother ceri, elder brother gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister antonia.	investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the steep 320ft-high cliff, which overshadows the lac de flaine.
robin williams with wife susan schneider stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping.	the 63-year-old, who had been diagnosed with parkinson's, is in a battle with his three children from previous marriages.
peter sutcliffe, who has spent three decades in jail, is to be moved to a cushy low security unit, it has been claimed.	the families of victims of yorkshire ripper peter sutcliffe are furious at plans to move him from broadmoor to a low-security priory unit.	mass murderer sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in broadmoor for the savage killings of 13 women.	but now, despite being one of the country’s most notorious serial killers, sutcliffe may be moved to a cushy priory unit set in berkshire woodland.
deborah steel, 37, ran the royal standard pub in ely, cambridgeshire.	police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation.	the 37-year-old's body has never been found.
kanye west has revealed that he is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as members of the secret group the illuminati.	kanye explained his' world dream' and noted that if there was an actual illuminati,' it would be more like the energy companies' - not hollywood stars.
myuran sukumaran has put all of his energy into his art while spending 10 years in kerobokan jail.	his cousin niranjela karunatilake is currently holding an exhibition of his artwork in london.	the pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin, taped to the bodies of young mules.
kylie gulliver, a former model and actress (with appearances on neighbours, offspring and winners and losers on her resume) from melbourne had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years.	the 29-year-old's brand elliott label' is suddenly the hit of hollywood, and is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney kardashian, drew barrymore, cameron diaz and pop group grl.
kim roberts admitted to stealing antiques and paintings from her employer, the countess of bathurst (right).	the bathurst family home, cirencester park, houses artistic treasures stretching back more than three centuries to the first earl bathurst.	prince charles has regularly played there over the years and his sons william and harry have followed in his footsteps.
bobby cole norris has today thanked an anonymous donor who came forward to help his mother, in her fight against leukaemia.	weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.	it comes after doctors revealed his' best' friend' and mother kym norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant.
tesco chairman john allan said david cameron's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse'.	tesco could quit london if britain leaves the european union, its chairman has warned in a swipe at david cameron.	he suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from london to other sites in europe' relatively painlessly'.
chief secretary to the treasury has been caught on camera knocking back drinks with a high-class call girl.	the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday as part of the nip festival, which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the highlands.	it comes as david cameron faced a growing revolt last night over his'flat-footed' general election campaign.
josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson were killed in bonney lake.	the 50-foot-long concrete slab slammed down on top of them, according to bonney lake police.	josh, vanessa and vanessa ellis and their son were killed when a concrete slab fell from a construction site on a washington state bridge.
passengers watched in horror as the man, said to be in his 20s.	the station, which also serves the victoria line, was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital.	emergency services were called to stockwell station in south london.
honza and claudine lafond, from sydney, run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds.	the pair, who married in 2008, share an upside-down kiss in front of the eiffel tower in paris.	honza does a balancing act atop her husband in ubud, bali.
duke of york has made his first public appearance since lurid sex claims made about him were struck off the public record by a florida judge.	the 55-year-old, who was at the factory as part of his work with the outward bound trust, has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with virginia roberts.	today, it was business as usual for the royal, who arrived in a chauffeur-driven racing green bentley and was shown products from akzonobel's best-known range, dulux paints.
hillary clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week.	she resigned from the board of the clinton foundation last week.	the change in policy comes as former board member hillary clinton undertakes her presidential campaign.
rhiannon langley, from melbourne, is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers, who can follow along on her social media accounts on the hashtag created just for the event, # rhiannongetsrhino.
alexsandro palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work, as he asks women to share their thoughts on gender violence.	women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens.	palombo says the response has been' immediate and powerful'.
a hero pilot pulled his plane out of a north sea nosedive with just seven seconds to spare.	autopilot ignored the pilot’s commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea.
liana barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed.	her first marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril, followed by a 2001 marriage to ahmed allam, then a second 2001 marriage to habibur rahman.	authorities reportedly slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in november 2014.
carol lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window in the latest wave of anti-immigrant protests near johannesburg in south africa.	people run for cover from a stun grenade and tear gas after a skirmish between locals and foreign nationals in durban, south africa, today.
bethany farrell, 23, from essex, died on february 17 while scuba diving in queensland's whitsundays, queensland's whitsundays.	two people who were on the boat when ms farrell died have taken to tripadvisor to slam wings diving adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances.
evan summerfield from devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life.	the youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button.	when his great-grandmother carried out the' glass test', she saw that it did n't fade under pressure.
julia ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at wayne county court in honesdale, new york, on wednesday.	the tenth grader accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury.
poppy moore married sam myers at chelsea register office yesterday.	the bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses.	her chic dress had white flower detail embroidered on the bodice, while layers of tulle gave the skirt extra volume.
researchers from the california institute of technology, george washington university and the university of washington.	nearly 16percent of players are bankrupt within 12 years.	vince young earned a reported $64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he finished his nfl career.
formula one fan was arrested on friday after he ran across the track.	the fan then walked into the ferrari garage expressing his desire to race a grand prix car.	it was reported that the fan then made a bid for the pit wall.
conservative party supporters are more likely to want to save money on holiday.	ukip supporters still have a lot of love left for warmer climates.	they are also most likely to travel on long haul destinations, preferring an aisle seat on the plane.
hillary clinton's astroturf candidacy is in full swing in iowa.	her tuesday morning visit to a coffee shop in leclaire, iowa was staged from beginning to end.	the three got the lion's share of mrs. clinton's time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a'roundtable'– the first of many in her brief iowa campaign swing.
esther mcvey, who is the only conservative mp on merseyside, said she is one of a number of women sat around the table who knows how to have her voice heard and shows the party is not solely made up of women in ‘twin-sets and pearls’.	she also revealed how the network of female tory ministers, including home secretary theresa may, support each other with text messages, phone calls and by taking each other out for drinks.
jessica wright is the first celebrity to star in an ann summers campaign.	she has been announced as the face (and body) of ann summers' swimwear and beachwear campaign, hotel summers.	jess wright says she is a huge fan of the brand and was thrilled to be on board.
the breathtaking sheikh zayed grand mosque, in abu dhabi, united arab emirates, is the biggest in the middle east.	now living abroad, john visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of what he believes to be' the jewel in the united arab emirates' crown.
adele sarno, 85, has been living in her two-bedroom apartment for more than 50 years.	her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans and is situated below her home.	the fight over her two-bedroom apartment began five years ago.
washington state lawmaker has proposed the idea of connecting two cities on the puget sound with a military tribute bridge made of retired united states navy aircraft carriers.	the idea is intriguing because the us navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge.	this 2012 shot of the puget sound shipyard shows two potential bridge parts, the uss independence and the uss kitty hawk.
army major john jackson and his wife carolyn are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children.	the jacksons had three biological children and three adopted children.	the jacksons, who live in mount holly, were stationed at picatinny arsenal, a military installation about 40 miles west of new york city, when the abuse occurred between 2005 and 2010.
swedish retailer has been forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds and sofas.	the problem has got so bad that nappers had taken over more than half of beds and sofas in the xihongmen ikea shop in beijing.
the pops star jimmy savile was known to frequent a paedophile brothel in battersea.	it is not clear whether the band and savile attended the brothel at the same time.	savile was known to be a regular visitor in the 1970s.
sandra garratt, 56, went through two years of agony after undergoing two operations before her death.	last month doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the' final straw'.
according to the game of thrones books, valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the valyrian freehold governed essos and covered more than half the known world.	the findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist ryan consell in the latest reactions video for washington-based american chemical society.
joyce tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms.	she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her.	she has called for the hospital to be shut down.
lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram after he liked one of her pictures, the pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the uk's fittest couple.	lydia, 27, explained:' i was so unhealthy [ before i met ali ].	i smoked up to 20 cigarettes a day, binge drank at weekends and my diet was just awful i did n't have a clue and was majorly under eating'.
matt o’connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in boston on saturday.	the ncaa championship game, which ended 4-3 and was played at the td garden in boston, will always be remembered for the game-tying goal allowed by bu's matt o’connor, not the winner.	o’connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie.
the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1, 1964, and september 18, 1996, last month, allowing people their first access to the information.	after receiving her records in the mail, la-sonya mitchell-clark, 38, of youngstown, finally got the answers she's wanted almost her whole life.	she looked up her mother's name, francine simmons, on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at.
jean sharon abbott, 38, from plymouth, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old, she explained to the mighty.	but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (drd), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder.
tim farron was accused of' betrayal' after an inquest found that he jumped from the roof of his house while suffering' intense stress'.	mr stephenson, deputy leader of cumbria county council, fell from the three-storey property in windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in mr farron's westmorland and lonsdale constituency.	mr stephenson was bombarded with aggressive messages on facebook and twitter.
a police spokesperson told daily mail australia that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man, from leumeah, 52 kilometres south-west of sydney, had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years.	officers were first called to a carrington circuit residence in february where they found the 51-year-old woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute at the home.	officers uncovered a lengthy history of ongoing abuse by interviewing the woman over the next four weeks.	he was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10.
former blackwater guard nicholas slatten was convicted of first degree murder.	paul slough, evan liberty and dustin heard, were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony.	u.s. district judge royce lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers argued for leniency, and prosecutors asked that those sentences - the minimums mandatory under the law - be made even harsher.
joseph o'riordan, 74, accused of trying to murder his wife mandy.	she confided in him about the extraordinary plan for his 47-year-old wife mandy.	o’riordan, a councillor and former nightclub owner, stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman.
researchers at the natural history museum in london have found evidence that the human bones found in gough's cave had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed.	they found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992.	stone age farmers in italy cut the flesh from the bones of their dead before burying them.
william shakespeare may indeed have been the original author of the play double falsehood after all.	the work titled double falsehood was presented by theatre impresario lewis theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a shakespeare play about a spanish nobleman's ignoble pursuit of two women.	theobald claiming that it was a re-working of an original by the bard and that he had three original texts.
manhattan's fifth avenue was a sea of bizarre hats today as people celebrating easter took to the streets in outlandish headgear.	whether they had just emerged from mass, or were only there to bare their bonnets, the quintessential big apple thoroughfare thronged with color on sunday afternoon.	bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments in the annual easter parade.
aaronessa keaton of phoenix, arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014, and one of the children later died from their injuries.	when told of this after her arrest, keaton, 24, said ;'sh*t happens.	keaton, who was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time, was indicted by a grand jury in february.
prime minister warned snp and labour of posing' clear and present danger' to britain.	he said the two parties were pretending to' slug it out' ahead of next month's poll.	but insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.	mr cameron said together, the snp and labour' pose a clear threat to the future'.
western diets and an emphasis on sterile, germ-free food has made us more likely to allergies.	the findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies.
a report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola.	we may be told that fizzy drinks aren’t good for our health, but there's a chance that they could be beneficial to the planet.	the technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent.
josh darnbrough, 24, slept, his mate rob gaskell, also 24, inked the words' if found face down call an ambulance' on his back, using a diy kit.	josh tried to turn it into a cross, then some hands and a gun - leading to one almighty, permanent mess on rob's leg and causing his partner to go' bonkers'.	so when he saw josh passed out at the party, rob - who is a father of three - said he' could n't resist' the opportunity to execute revenge.
alexander soumbadze faces eight counts of child pornography counts.	soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography.	officials say the videos were taken before october 2011 and that they are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges.
fed up resident of cammeray, a wealthy north shore suburb, stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders.	this controversial note was left on the windscreen of a car by a fed-up resident of cammeray.	cammeray is not a parking lot for losers.
david tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the uk.	he then remarried, but his second wife, also from gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money and left him close to bankruptcy.	david tungate with his fiancee isatou jarju.
george kidd, the chief commissioner of the direct marketing commission, said it would be investigating two firms.	two firms exposed by the daily mail as selling private information are to be probed by the industry watchdog.
dr. anthony j. moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute.	moschetto worked with the rival cardiologist at a great neck practice on northern boulevard before setting up his own practice also in great neck.
queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight.	she would travel to portsmouth by train and then by ferry to ryde.	building is now a five-bedroom family home, currently on the market for £625,000.
larry kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles.	kramer claims that abraham lincoln was gay,' kramer told cbs in an interview about the book which came out this month.	kramer claims that the motive for murder was not booth's anger over the civil war.
elspeth mckendrick, 16, shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with asperger's syndrome.	her parents said she was' happy to be odd and eccentric' but was' very much in denial' about her condition.
texas teen ben sunderman, 19, has down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with embassy suites, the anticipation was overwhelming for the family.	in the three-minute video posted onto facebook by his dad scott sunderman, he thoroughly looks over the letter on april 10.
kenneth crowder, 41, was seen by a witness on friday running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god.	he was also spotted running naked through a neighborhood claiming he was god, police said.	crowder was arrested in melbourne, facing charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon on a law-enforcement officer.
laura wells spoke to australian women's weekly about the pressure put on her' skinnier' model room mates to not eat ahead of fashion week.	the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard' skinnier' models during her stint working in new york.	agents telling girls to stick to a diet of' one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'.
google has launched its latest street view experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the scottish waterway.	the site has also released a google doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow pegman to a nessie peg-monster.	it's the most iconic photo in the history of loch ness - and may be one of the most elaborate hoaxes of our age.
lesley and tamara alexandra horstman were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in december 2013.	lesley jonathon cameron was jailed for life on tuesday for the horrific december 2013 murder of maureen anne horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter tamara alexandra horstman in broad daylight at their warwick home, in perth, wa.	cameron, who was 19 and at the time, also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead.	cameron's lawyer dominic brunello said cameron's behaviour was' sadistic'.
boston red sox third baseman pablo sandoval and boston red sox celebrate after defeating the new york yankees 6.	xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings.	fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
britain's five highest-earning nhs dentists are paid average salaries of £690,000 a year.	the sum is almost five times the prime minister’s £142,500 pay packet.	comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of nhs practices.
tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts.	albino youngsters from across east africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers.	the drastic developments come as the united nations reports at least 15 people with albinism, mostly children, have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in east africa.
russian supermodel, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer christiano ronaldo, in january, saying she felt' ugly standing next to the wrong man'.	but she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for linda farrow eyewear.
amazon has pulled a controversial computer game where players are encouraged to feed a cartoon character battling anorexia.	the game is based on children's favourite whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a cartoon girl.
ireland's national airline tweeted tweets concerning their operation at dublin airport.	the two carriers reignited their feud by posting tweets:' low fares have come to @ dublinairport t2 at last.	aer lingus had a dig at where aer lingus flies from terminal 2, so it was clear the tweet was a joke at its rival's expense.
prince abdul malik, 31, has wed bride dayangku raabi'atul' adawiyyah pengiran.	the newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds.	prince is the youngest child of the sultan, hassanal bolkiah, and his wife, queen saleha.
brett thomas, now 56, and his friend, mark titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in orange county.	thomas was 18 at the time, and titch, who was 17, were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole.	titch died behind bars last year.
callum ryan, 21, committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between january and september 2015.	his ‘ eight great states’ campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, malachy frawley who died from heart disease in 2013.	callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around australia.
malaysian airlines flight mh370 disappeared while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board.	the airplane, which spectacularly vanished last year with 239 people on board, is believed to have crashed in the indian ocean off australia's west coast.	by expanding the search area for the downed plane, the mission to recover it could go on for another 12 months.
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in battle, sussex.	but the 92-year-old's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house.	her beloved dog mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed.
obama spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying' nobody's ever been faster than this guy.	it was truly a great honour meeting the president of united states of america'.	bolt posted the video of him with obama to his instagram account on friday and said that he was honored to have met the u.s. president.	bolt wrote on instagram that it was' truly a great honor' to meet the u.s. president.
omar hussain, 27, from high wycombe, used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at morrisons before he travelled to syria.	the fighter, who still has n't managed to find himself a jihadi bride, encourages fighters not to be disheartened by the other fighters who get married via social media.
david cameron warns the recovery must be seen in every part of the country.	he said that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country.	tory leader david cameron says that the economy is the key issue in the general election.
nigel farage is facing an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority on may 7.	the disclosure comes after ukip was thrown into turmoil by last week’s leak to the mail on sunday of a survey showing mr farage trailing the tories.
cheryl meyer told chris christie to cool it with the attitude at a town hall meeting tuesday to tell presumptive 2016 presidential candidate chris christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door.	christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled.	christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled.
controversial contest, held in the forests of the diamond-rich sakha republic, is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter.	attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of russia, particularly at this time of the year.
dame helen mirren has won countless accolades for her talents.	she believes she was in her prime age-wise in the' unfortunate' 1970s.	she says she was a' horrible' time for women.
kim kardashian was breaking the internet, j lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze.	google co-founders larry page and sergey brin have revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating google images.
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married.	davis tells wtoc doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position.	but she refused to give up and brian was eventually released into her care.
man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at pearson international airport in ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol.	police have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a turkish airlines flight and was then tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway.	the man, who has not been identified, is then handcuffed as onlookers are asked to move on by airport staff.
created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.	the gun currently holds the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver and the bullets it fires - which were designed specifically for the gun by former watchmaker paul erard.
sarah confirmed to e! that baby james weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth.	the 30-year-old gave birth to a healthy baby boy named james hunter the next day.
the video - filmed by a passer-by in shanghai - shows the woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump, reports people's daily online.	police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her.	fireman xu weiguo, who was also inside the apartment, immediately climbed out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down.
sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city in inner mongolia.	the heavens opened and out of the sky fell... mud, covering them in a strange dark residue, according to the people's daily online.
al sharpton has denied that the family of police shooting victim walter scott have barred him from attending his funeral because it would cause a' circus' of media attention.	he also announced that he would head to north charleston, south carolina, to preach and attend a vigil on sunday, the day after the funeral.	slager was fired, arrested and charged with murder when the video came to light, reigniting tensions around policing which took center stage in ferguson, missouri, after teenager michael brown was killed.
scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disc of gas around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming.	scientists believe comets and asteroids from the outer solar system seeded the young earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve.	alma's high sensitivity antennae have now shown that such molecules not only form and survive, but thrive.
locals discovered the dead pair, believed to be in their mid to late 20s.	police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk.	his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
cremated bone, thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain, could re-write the history of mesolithic, or middle stone age burial practices.	the burnt material, which includes approximately just over four ounces (118g) of cremated bone, was uncovered by oxford archaeology.	it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil.
automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web.	the robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of st gallen, in north east switzerland.
new study shows underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer's than those of a healthy weight.	obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight.
kevin andrews has failed to name the leader of islamic state on abc's 7.30.	when host leigh sales asked him to name the terror group's leader, abu bakr al-baghdadi, claimed he was unable to do so for' operational reasons'.	abu bakr al-baghdadi is leader of notorious terrorist organisation islamic state.
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland, ohio, on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger.	the bullet struck the baby boy in the face.	minutes later, he was rushed to an area hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.	it is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy.
peter fox, 26, was arrested at euston station in london this morning.	his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder.	the 26-year-old man wanted for the murder of his mother and sister has been arrested after being spotted by a member of the public.
doug hughes was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace.	but he's being released from federal custody to return to florida.	hughes said thursday that the copter' apparently literally flew in under the radar,' as concerned lawmakers questioned how it was allowed to happen and why.
incredible satellite images have shown a massive sandstorm almost as large as the united states billowing across the arabian peninsula.	images show the vast sandstorm sweeping its way across saudi arabia, oman and the united arab emirates and reaching as far east as india and pakistan over a period of seven days.	visibility was reduced to 0.1 mile for several hours at dubai international airport.
prime minister and his wife posed for selfies at the gravesend gurdwara in kent.	the visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks until the election.	it comes just a day after the conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk.
researchers examining the site where a series of tracks left by a barefooted early human in ileret, northwest kenya.	it provides some of the strongest evidence yet that the human ancestors that left the prints - homo erectus - were sophisticated hunters.	this would have enabled homo erectus to become a proficient hunter, able to throw weapons like spears and rocks at potential prey.
tens of thousands of aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (vpn) technology.	hbo has warned users, who are watching shows such as games of thrones, the sopranos and girls, via email that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on april 21.	the sopranos are among some of the crowd favourites for australians who are accessing from the us.
heather hironimus, who filed the complaint late monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't.	the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary, that the boy does n't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated.	hironimus and the boy's father, dennis nebus, have been warring since her pregnancy.
corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton, greater manchester wearing five war medals after struggling to adapt to civilian life.	the father-of-three had served in the first gulf war, bosnia, angola and northern ireland in the royal engineers from 1989 until 2000.
astronomers say' rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials.	the warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life.	while it sounds like science fiction, these planets may offer scientists a new avenue in their search for alien life.
the mountain lion, known as p-22, left the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday, having created quite the media circus in the affluent hollywood suburb.	his departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife, which tweeted' the cougar has left the building'.	the incident has made p-22 even more famous, with another 1,400 people liking his facebook page.
zara phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her daughter, mia, last july when mia was six months old.	but after finding herself' surprised' by how her fitness dropped during pregnancy, the queen's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape.	she said she is keen to win a place on team gb at the rio olympics.
kelly ripa has been grief stricken since the sad news that her friend, dr fredric brandt, was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday.	the live with kelly & michael co-host, who is usually seen smiling, wore a frown as she left the building alone.	when appearing on her morning show she said,' if you love someone tell them every day that you love them because you do n't know if you will have that opportunity'.
isis fighter jannahtain tweeted this picture of a burger king whopper, which he claimed had been snuck into syria from turkey.	however, the hypocrisy in their choice of diet has n't gone unnoticed, with twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
new study, by independent political magazine mother jones, was spawned by the mass shooting in aurora, colorado, in july 2012 during a midnight screening of the dark knight rises, in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured.	the legal proceedings alone cost $5.5 million before the trial of the shooter, james eagan holmes, had even started.
a hacked sony email revealed respected hollywood pr peggy siegal believed the oscar voting panel did not want 12 years a slave to win because it was not patriotic enough to america.	the emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years.	wikileaks founder julian assange said that the documents' show the inner workings of an influential multinational corporation’ and should be in the public domain'.
kingsley burrell, 29, died in police custody on march 31 2011, court hears.	he was arrested in the haymer corner shop in winson green while he was swimming with his son, four, and niece.	trainee security guard mr burrell called police himself, saying two men had threatened to shoot him, but when they arrived he was handcuffed and taken to the qe hospital.
the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them.	the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them.	they are now developing a gene therapy that would boost the production of lem proteins.
number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year.	product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including victoria beckham.	sandra vaughan, a beauty consultant for artificial tan brand fake bake.
beatrice tollman, founder of a luxury hotel chain, made her most recent donation of £20,000 to the tories earlier this month to boost the party's general election campaign coffers.	but last night it emerged that she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge.	however on the same day in 2008 her husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 2003.
cell phone footage recorded by a mom in jacksonville, florida, on tuesday shows a 28-year-old man, dan frank, throw a bottle of liquid at her vehicle while he was driving his van.	she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings.	police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence.
prince of wales has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since marrying camilla.	she has also become a member of the royal family, adored by her step-sons william and harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law, the queen.
father of dave brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band gwar, has sued his son's band mates, claiming they have stolen his son’s ashes, guitars and artwork.	lawsuit alleges that the surviving members of gwar's guitars, artwork, a gold record, tour souvenirs and his ashes.	brockie was the mastermind of the fantasy-inspired band and its founding member.
william tyrrell's distraught parents released a video pleading for their missing son's return as well as home movies showing the lively boy riding his bike.	the distraught couple has also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.	detective superintendent mick willing, nsw homicide squad commander said on friday:' we are perusing every lead that we get'.
david cameron has called on people to' feel proud to say this is a christian country', in his annual easter message.	the prime minister hailed the work of the church and condemned the persecution of christians following the massacre in kenya.	mr cameron was taken t visit the lambs with farmer julian tustian at dean lane farm just outside the village of chadlington.
gavin tobeck of lacey, washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack.	the boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds.
jameela jamil has presented the radio 1 chart show and programmes for channel 4.	the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth - or rather, the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years.
annah sophia stevenson discovered a cockroach after taking three bites into her big mac burger.	the cosmetic artist, from new zealand, found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.	ms stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through what must of been the insect's shell.
kyle major, from blackpool, lancashire, followed his victim - who had just asked his group of friends for directions - and felled him from behind with a punch to the back of the head.	paul walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital.	kyle major, 14, punched father-of-two paul walker in the early hours of new year's day.
rose byrne and gracie otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration' the doll house'.	byrne says when bridesmaids came out, people's first reaction was to be surprised that women could be so funny.	her hope down the track is that they can bring more gender equality in.
japanese priest shinjiro kumagai is a' mild mannered' clergyman at a local buddhist temple called gokurakuji in kitakyushu, southwest japan.	after the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic japanese sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law.	kumagai said his sponsor was more than happy to help the cause.
photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the australian armed forces who landed in gallipoli nearly 100 years ago.	amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the australian imperial force, while black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels.	it uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store the energy harvested during the day by solar panels fitted to a roof.	homeowners can use their stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again.
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields.	he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare jaguar xk120, which, if restored, could be worth £82,000, and a fleet of vehicles used by the allies in the second world war.
mailonline travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world.	the park hyatt new york opted for local designer, narcisco rodriguez, to re-design the staff's uniforms.	the result was a sleek, sophisticated style, inspired by the asian artwork in the property's common spaces.
doug hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of congress -- and landed the aircraft on the capitol lawn.	hughes has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to florida under certain conditions.
last month's average temperature of 56.4°f was the hottest march on record.	last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°f (13.6°c) above the average for the 20th century.	it follows earlier announcements from us government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history.
chanel details her unique skincare method, which she tries to justify by claiming that' thousands of years ago people did this and it worked'.	chanel says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her modelling career in its tracks.
three men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco.	witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough, choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive - instead of entering the water at the soft beach nearby.	abalone is a prized delicacy that sells for up to $70 per pound.
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday.	passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet.	it was later revealed that the unnamed employee of menzies aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight.
two' unemployed rich kids' have caused outrage in china after causing a major traffic accident in central beijing by racing and wrecking an underpass and two luxurious supercars.	both drivers have now been charged by the local public security bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained.	the crash occurred two hours before' fast and furious 7' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in china.
bbc's online game, syrian journey, often leads to players dying.	the bbc has been slammed for making a computer game simulating the terrifying ordeal syrian refugees face as they try to flee syria.
chamali fernando, candidate for cambridge, was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the comment.	she said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers.	carrying some kind of identification shows they have a particular condition so allowances can be made.
agonda beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa.	beaches are more relaxed, the restaurants and bars quieter, the accessories less shiny.	sorry to be mean, but it's all too good to be true for the rest of us.
shadow chancellor ed balls said if standards continued to decline at the current rate, then by 2020 millions more will face long waits in a & e and long waits to see gps.	ambulance response times for the most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes.
brian karl brimager, 37, entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego.	the 42-year-old woman from laguna niguel, california, was last seen in september 2011 when she arrived in panama with brimager.	her family reported her missing the following january.
viv nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 with her husband keith.	the win was on a football betting pool, in which gamblers predict the results of football games across a season, would be worth up to £5million in today's money.	mrs nicholson and her husband splurged the cash - worth about £5million today - on expensive cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying - frittering away at least half of their wealth.
dr fredric brandt, 65, hanged himself at his miami mansion on sunday.	an autopsy was scheduled on monday, the coroner confirmed.	morning show host, kelly ripa tweeted on monday:' dr brandt was one of the sweetest, nicest, most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with.	you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer'.
ed miliband’s son daniel has inadvertently waded into the row about' two kitchens' ed.	it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign – once for a bbc profile, again for an interview on itv’s good morning britain, a third time for a campaign visit in blackpool over easter.
james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week.	but the 30-year-old gave birth james the next day.	one, which shows a close up of her son's face, said:' love at first sight # healthy'.
prince harry has been in australia since monday and spent his first day paying his respects at the tomb of the unknown soldier in canberra before reporting for duty.	prince harry, who begun a month-long secondment to the australian defence force on monday, took an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise with a norforce unit.	mr trust described the royal visitor as' a real delightful chap'.
greek prime minister alexis tsipras raised the reparations issue when he met german chancellor angela merkel in berlin last month.	the demand comes just days before greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the international monetary fund.	it includes the cost of a 10billion euro forced nazi loan made by the bank of greece.
lily melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on instagram.	uk stylist and blogger lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks.	read on to find out the diy tips for making your clothes up to date.
chef angela fox devised a 10in-tall, half-kilogram burger piled with six forms of three different meats and containing a whopping 2,000 calories.	he devised the mega meal - which contains two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh.	after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.
christie's curator tom lecky holds the 16-page notes and manuscript for singer don mclean's american pie at christie's auction house in new york.	in an interview published by christie's auction house new york, mclean says american pie is about' heading in the wrong direction'.
brothers jeff and joey stallings were placed in medically-induced coma earlier this month after taking a' bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in their hometown of mccomb, mississippi.	the siblings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug, which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana.
thibaud jean leon vallet, 24, and his cousin jean mickael batrikian, 18, use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in rottnest island on april 3.	the creature survived the incident by scampering away, but was singed by the flame.	both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months in rottnest island working as cleaners.
rep. luis gutierrez says if a person is arrested, he or she can' explain that under the policy in place today, you should be released because you are not a priority for deportation'.	illinois rep. luis gutierrez said that though the policy is still on hold, he wanted those who might need the information to have it in advance.	he said the card, which should only be used when speaking to immigration officials, the two-page booklet details president barack obama's expanded deferred action for childhood arrivals (daca) and deferred action for parents of americans and lawful residents.
victoria beckham posted a pic of her husband on instragram on tuesday.	due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard, captioned it' silver fox'.	femail takes a look at more male celebrities who win gold.
study published last week suggests that overweight people are less likely to develop dementia.	few people are advised to gain weight, unless their bmi is below 18, but could that change? a study that opens up an avenue in the search for factors that protect against alzheimer's.
woman who claims to be just 15-years-old has drastically transformed her appearance.	she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her weibo account - a chinese social media platform - which states her birthday is may, 1999.	one of the comments about the underage girl has over 24,000 likes on chinese internet portal tencent.
grace rishell was charged with the murder of his second wife, toni bertolet, 51, last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, lynn rishell, some 20 years earlier.	in both cases henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of his first wife and $4.5million on the death of his second.	henthorn said that the fbi told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy henthorn had taken out on her.
milton vieira severiano, 32, dragging the limp body of dancer cicera alves de sena, 29, into the garden of their apartment in eastern brazil.	horrific cctv footage has emerged of a husband smashing his dancer wife's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times.	cicera alves de sena belonged to a dance group called jaula das gostozuedas which i have been to see and am a big fan of.
nhs is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste.	some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks.	critics said it was ‘ludicrous’ that such items were being handed out when the nhs was rationing routine treatments.
sharista giles of sweetwater, tennessee, was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover.	the 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family refers to as baby l.	giles' family told abc news that she opened her eyes, and soon began following her father's movements around the room.
anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of edward snowden, the former us spy agency contractor famous for leaking classified information, in brooklyn's fort greene park early monday morning.	the artists spent six months and $30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the 31-year-old whistle-blower (left) who has been living in exile in moscow since 2013.
nicky morgan revealed she has ordered officials to start' mapping the pressures' on the state schools system.	it comes less than six months after she told the head of ofsted it was not' helpful' to warn that schools are struggling to cope with an' influx' of migrants.	immigration has played a low-key role in the tory election campaign to date.
the family of martin richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15, 2013 attack, headed to boylston street to help officials unveil commemorative banners.	four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word' boston' were placed at the site.	they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others.
the fast-casual chain plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year.	but still does n't have a stable supply of the meat.	chipotle, which dropped one of its pork vendors earlier this year, removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january.
brae carnes of victoria, british columbia, has photographed herself over the past few months.	carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms as a woman.
luigi costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour terrence freebody in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill, canberra in july 2012.	forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event.	professor mullin told the court that the triple 0 calls which costa made' almost certainly' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated from' moment to moment'.
nick cousins left the hong kong court clutching the hand of his wife herminia garcia, who is charged with wilful neglect following the death of their 15-year-old daughter, blanca cousins, in an apparent suicide.	the 53-year-old was arrested after her teenage daughter, blanca cousins, fell from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment in hong kong on tuesday.	blanca cousins, 15, fell to her death from the luxury hong kong apartment block where she lived on tuesday in an apparent suicide.	she was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for more than 20 years.
kevin dixon, 35, of newsome in west yorkshire, took his friend's dog for a walk to help her out and then hit it seven times with an axe.	he was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years.	dixon was sentenced to 18 months in prison, suspended for two years.
joshua vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown, sheffield, on january 7, an inquest heard.	shortly before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook, saying the teen was on a platform and that' he was going to end it'.	joshua's body had already been found on the line, the inquest heard.
scott kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to stony brook university hospital on long island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on tuesday.	police said that kemery, who is from bridgehampton, started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the king kullen supermarket in eastport on tuesday.
confederate general robert e. lee's surrender of the army of northern virginia to union forces commanded by general ulysses s. grant in the mclean house at appomattox, virginia.	thursday's commemoration in appomattox, virginia, included a reenactment of lee's last clash with grant's troops and confederate surrender in a virginia farmhouse on april 9, 1865.
kelly kreth, 44, told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind.	six years and 600 prison letters later, kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person' who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room.	kreth has written to men and women behind bars who she believes fit the bill of a sociopath and who have a certain level of intelligence so that they are able to discuss their crimes in a conceptual manner.
kimberly waddell macemore, 25, of wilkesboro, south carolina, pleaded guilty to having sexual relations with two of her male students.	the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation.	macemore was also ordered to perform 72 hours of community service, register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years.
thief casually strolls up to range rover and takes less than 30 seconds to break into the vehicle and drive it away in a car hacking theft.	the latest footage was captured by a cctv camera outside a home in woodford green, north london at 3.20 on sunday morning.
alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping.	he signed off his email with:' that's why i'll be voting ukip'.	mr roberts said:' i am certainly not a racist and i do not think ukip is racist'.
the diggers are dole bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january.	the administrator of the page claims that those in the armed forces are' being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary'.
olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana, south america, to new york.	authorities said they spotted her' sweating profusely' and' avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search.
norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness.	the device uses a patented eyeteq algorithm to automatically adjust the picture, with a variety of settings available until optimal picture quality is found.	the video is enhanced on a frame-by-frame basis through spectral edge's eyeteq image enhancement technology, offering a dramatically improved viewing experience.
university of south carolina student suspended after she was pictured writing that'n*****s' were to blame for the campus's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room.	her reasons included' incompetent' professors,' ratchets', an' overpopulated campus' and parking.	but at the top of the list was the word'n*****s'.
jericho scott, 16, became a star when he was told he could n't pitch for his little league team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine, was shot dead in new haven, connecticut.	scott was killed while he sat in a white volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend, justin compress, who was shot in the shoulder, hand and wrist but is now in stable condition.	he was banned from the youth baseball league of new haven in 2009 at age nine.
the latest casualty are boxes of cadbury's fingers.	they join creme eggs, pg tips teabags and john west tuna in the ever-increasing list of goods getting smaller.	consumers will feel angry that they are being short-changed by some of their favourite brands.
rihanna cooper, 21, from hull, became the youngest person in britain to be accepted for gender reassignment.	but part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it.	rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams.
elizabeth sedway, 51, says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly.	mrs sedway, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video, which has been viewed thousands of times.
stoke's charlie adam stunned the chelsea home crowd today.	scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot after noticing chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois well off his line.	chelsea had been leading thanks to a penalty from eden hazard before adam produced his moment of genius.
royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton has also heard a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age.	while a retired nurse, who was sent to neerkol orphanage near rockhampton, said she was punched and slapped repeatedly, and a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest reginald durham.	ayl also recalled an incident where she was allegedly raped with a broom handle by employee kevin baker, the courier mail reported.
two tsa employees have been fired after they used the airport body scanner inappropriately to allow the male worker to fondle male passengers' genitals.	the pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the tsa screening system at denver international airport in 2014.	according to a denver police department report seen by daily mail online, the transportation security administration (tsa) received an anonymous tip in november last year.
the queen, aged 86, was filmed' jumping out of a plane' during the london 2012 olympics.	she was spotted looking animated and crossing her fingers at the newbury races.	her majesty is also a regular rider and is frequently spotted riding out in windsor great park on her black fell pony carltonlima emma.
kenyatta leal is the first graduate of san quentin's tech program that teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code and build a business for when they are paroled.	leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for his third strike, unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony.
jade and ross morley were born at 37 weeks on march 20.	they were told that their first baby, floyd-henry, had a rare form of dwarfism called achondroplasia, they made the decision that their son would be celebrated instead of pitied.	less than two years later, floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins.
former bbc economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004.	she recalled:' i thought he was good-looking and clever and seemed to be unattached.	but we just went down a conversation cul-de-sac'.
medics told the family of margaret hesketh that there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours, her children will claim at an inquest this week.	the family claim she was then put on a discredited liverpool care pathway-style treatment for the dying – having fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away.	medics told the family of margaret hesketh there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours.
justin whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in bakersfield, california.	charged with child cruelty after the alleged abuse surfaced online.	his charge was changed from' cruelty' to' endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.	he will be released by sunday morning, with a court date set for april 24.
andrea dossena was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday.	the 33-year-old, who now plies his trade with league one strugglers leyton orient, was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at harrods.	dossena has been capped by italy on 10 occasions and also played for sunderland under paolo di canio and gus poyet at anfield.
ukip leader nigel farage said the idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.	if your name is nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote ukip, according to research by yougov.	joe twyman, yougov’s head of political research, said the idea was unlikely to' change their mind for a sausage roll'.
officer michael slager, 33, charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina, on saturday.	his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any other detainees at charleston county jail.	he said that when he met slager on wednesday for 60 minutes, that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the north charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks.
ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot.	he was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel.	he has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film deadpool.
cartoons by illustrator ryan chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause.	but a tumblr blog called conversation sparks has now come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat.
according to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out.	but it could run for seven times as long as its lithium-ion relative, and can apparently withstand 7,500 recharges, whereas a conventional battery can take only 1,000.
emma watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of.	but how has the actress made the transition from hermione granger to a feminist heroine? here, femail charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film which was set for last friday.	it said it will still show the oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film.	bradley cooper in his oscar nominated role as chris kyle, the most deadly sniper in us military history.
the car, carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 ford expedition to overturn saturday in martin county, florida's atlantic coast.	uriel miranda, 38 (left) and two children, yordi miranda, 8, and yaretsi miranda, 2, were killed after their suv rolled over on a highway.	authorities say uriel and the toddler were not wearing seatbelts.	neighbors said the children's mother is a few weeks pregnant.
police in canada have also charged joanna flynn, a former nurse at georgian bay general hospital in ontario, with criminal negligence causing death.	the 50-year-old was arrested on thursday, and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in canada.
tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december before demanding money to decrypt the files.	the program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer.	it caused police systems to be down between four and five days.	they were forced to pay a $500 in bitcoinransom.
the man's sarcastic response comes after melbourne-based actor wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night.	gransbury thought the good-humoured note worked wonders after an entire week of uninterrupted sleep until she was woken again just before dawn the following sunday.	after a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours, jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page opening with' my dearest lucy'.
tokyo's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 olympics.	turns out that the cushioned tracks were actually designed to celebrate the 2020 olympics, which will be held in tokyo.
tiny chihuahua digby with best friend nero, a 9st mastiff who is 120 times the size.	digby was found severely dehydrated and cowering between two bins at a block of flats in north london last week.
the uss independence is resting 800m underwater off california's farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible.	there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, standing upright and listing only slightly.	experts found the giant u.s. ship - which could incredibly still have a plane inside it - standing upright and listing only slightly.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property to rot.	the anfield boss was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge at blackburn magistrates' court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in accrington with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden.	rodgers - whose liverpool side crashed out of the fa cup on sunday in a 2-1 defeat by aston villa - were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by hyndburn council.
the american band, whose name roughly translates as ‘policy’ in polish, are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ‘barbaric’, and their songs feature violent imagery.	the video for the first single on the group’s most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer channy leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault.
henry howes got stuck inside an arcade game at the snowdome in tamworth, staffordshire.	but when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap and was stuck inside.	luckily, his nine-year-old brother harvey witnessed the accident, so was able to run and call their mother emma.
there are plenty of diy' solutions' - vodka, aspirin and pennies.	but it will soon fade in just a few days, a week at the most.	trim a half-inch of the lower stem so that water can be absorbed freely.
michael munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life, melissa.	the sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers.	mr munday says by gaining retweets,' likes' on his facebook page and using hashtags # michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves melissa.
dr unt tun maung, 43, was working as a locum gp when he assaulted the patient during a routine examination at a teesside medical centre in 2012, durham crown court heard.	the father-of-one, of chester-le-street, county durham, had spent 12 years working in the nhs, but has now lost everything because of a' moment of madness'.	his lawyer told the court, she said had not wanted to believe she had been taken advantage of, but she could not rid it from her mind.
sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than men in the general population.	johnny savile is accused of abusing seven women, while jimmy savile raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
kim rose, 57, is being investigated by police over claims he tried to' corruptly influence' voters by giving them sausage rolls.	ukip candidate will be grilled by the police over claims he tried to' corruptly influence' voters by giving them sausage rolls.	electoral commission rules state food and entertainment can not be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes - a criminal offence known as' treating'.
kim kardashian continued her tour of the holy land with husband kanye west and their daughter north, as she visited the site of jesus christ's crucifixion.	the image showed the ornate interior of the 12th century church, which sits in the armenian quarter of the city, the capital of israel.
manchester police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker walked into a station to complain about his trip.	the 44-year-old from oldham decided had just returned from algeria and wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday.	police tweeted the anecdote after the man tried to lodge an official complaint at the great manchester police chadderton division.
lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after march 24 crash in the french alps which killed all 150 people on board.	police are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of the doomed germanwings flight to get free flights to southern france.	police are now investigating whether he' spiked' his captain's drink to force him into the toilet.
jared quirk, 18, was in athens with classmates from rockland, massachusetts, to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends.	two others boys who attended rockland high school with him in rockland, massachusetts, also died in the past six months.	authorities have yet to announce a cause of death for quirk, whose unexpected passing has plunged rockland high into mourning for a third time since october.
sonia morales was pregnant, her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull.	sonia and her husband rony, who live in providence, rhode island, decided to' keep her no matter what.	it was during an ultrasound that sonia morales was told her daughter was not developing properly.
leaked memo from apple's angela ahrendts says customers wo n't be able to buy an apple watch in store' through the month of may' due to' high global interest' combined with our initial supply.	ms ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets' closer to in-store availability'.
former education secretary said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it.	conservative chief whip michael gove said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners – but refused to rule out cuts to child benefit.
officials in buzim, north west bosnia said their home should be known as the' town of twins'.	local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war.	edita and elma pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the bosnian town of buzim.
defendant flushes tilly's head in the toilet while high on super-strength cannabis.	he claimed he was' accidentally' high on' white rhino' - super-strength cannabis - and was being egged on by friends when the abuse occurred.	tilly's owner sarah reeves, 19, was also given a nine-month referral order and banned for keeping animals for ten years.
120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness.	almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.most operations are done.	patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
mohammed khubaib, originally from pakistan, had a ‘ persistent and almost predatory interest’ in teenage girls.	the 43-year-old married businessman, who lived in the city with his wife and children, would pursue his interest ‘ away from his home and family’, using his restaurant as a ‘ focal point’.	khubaib's conviction brings the total number of people to be convicted under operation erle to ten, of which five are of pakistani origin.
video depicts the 918 spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the on the stuart highway, north of alice springs, on a stretch of road with no speed limit.	the car was driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird, who switches the vehicle into ‘ race hybrid’ and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone.	baird is a highly-experienced racer with multiple v8 supercars and porsche carrera cup race wins to his name.
stephanie scott was due to get married to her partner of five years.	the 26-year-old high school teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley.	this comes after police discovered the charred remains of a woman's body around 5pm on friday after they were directed to cocoparra national park north of griffith, nsw.
elephants are often seeing travelling single file, using their trunk to hold onto another mammal’s tail in front of them.	but one young elephant decided to go it alone, when it walked alongside its herd and even broke their chain.	keepers assisting six elephants along a path – five of which walk in single file.
protests by japanese-american groups and star trek's george takei have led an east coast auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii internment camps.	the items from the collection of' dean of american crafts' allen eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the rago auction house in lambertville, new jersey.	the collection includes 63 photos of people of japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made.
sign written in ancient greek and latin warning cyclists not to chain their bikes to railings in cambridge.	warns that bikes will be' removed or destroyed' if they are left behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church.
spain's queen letizia showed off a noticeably defined back during an appearance in madrid.	her low cut cocktail dress showed off every bone and muscle in her back.	letizia, who is recently returned from copenhagen, got a warm welcome from the crowd.
tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market, which research by kantar shows has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year and is now worth £490million.	the leader has improved its market share in the increasingly fashionable premium ale market, but it's believed aldi is luring customers away from tesco.
bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer.	it's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking.	schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth, texas.
nancy kanwisher, a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology, chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture.	a graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off, with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector.	short video was posted on the scientist's brain talks website.
the radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.	the women appear to struggle with the weight of their machine guns and make a number of basic rifle mistakes.
grace rebecca mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in fredericksburg, near the college campus, about 3pm.	local reports say mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat.	police have not commented on the cause of death.
mohammed emwazi, now known as jihadi john, planned to join al-shabaab in africa.	changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members.	instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online.
newington college in sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations.	headmaster david mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on monday ahead of a pending court case.	newington college in sydney's inner west notified parents and students of child sex abuse allegations dating back 35 years.
joshua drake developed epilepsy after getting botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy.	the last set of injections occurred on september 5, 2014, approximately three weeks prior to her death.
mackenzie moretter, who has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome that has delayed her development, which makes it hard for her to socialize.	told her parents she wanted a'big-girl party' for her tenth birthday.
french photographer floriane de lassee captures a photograph of a man practicing his piano in his london flat.	she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping.	it is the product of the man’s excesses, his genius, his madness.
richard graham, who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester, faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court to take down the twitter posts.	the old etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ ingratiate himself’ with voters by ‘ whipping up local feeling’ about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager.	richard graham, who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester, faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court.
dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent reliability.	dogs are able to detect prostate cancer specific volatile organic compounds in the urine.	prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk.
teresa swarbrick, known affectionately to her friends and family as etch, died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near byron bay in nsw.	the mother of two, from western sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water.	lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr.
five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops.	police formed a human barrier to keep the two sides apart.	eyewitnesses have claimed that the vigilante violence is carefully orchestrated and that minibuses have been ferrying men armed with knives and machetes.
apple has followed a new handset one year with a marginally-different's' version the year after.	rumours suggest it is about to abandon these plans by skipping the launch of a 6s this autumn in favour of going straight for the iphone 7.	but it suggests the next model of iphone could be substantial improvement on iphone 6 range.
katelyn roman, 12, and guadalupe shaw, 13, arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots.	authorities claimed they bullied rebecca online and sent her messages such as' go kill yourself'.	but the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages.
researchers believe they have come up with a way to tell fossils of male dinosaurs from those of females.	they say that the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail.	a pair of turkey-sized ‘ egg thief lizards’ dubbed romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s.
islamic state has claimed.	it comes one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 ethiopian christians in libya.	each of the men are blindfolded and filmed in the back of a moving van while an isis militant decked in black guards over them.
britain's got talent singing dog miss wendy's mouth moved perfectly in time with the music but it is believed that a false mouth was placed on miss wendy's face.	the rspca yesterday said it would be contacting britain’s got talent ‘ to ascertain what methods were used’ in the performance.
gay student in louisiana says she is going to skip her senior prom because the school principal wo n't let her wear a tuxedo.	though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow love to wear a tuxedo, it was not acted on by school faculty.	carroll high school senior claudetteia love will skip her senior prom after her monroe, louisiana, school's principal told her that she should n't take it personally.
noelle reno, reality star and fiancee of businessman scot young, has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death.	she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in london’s marylebone on to the railings below.	in a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a ‘suicide’, pre-empting any coroner’s verdict.	reno writes in a blog post entitled ‘ coping with grief’, explaining she had been due to travel to belgium with girlfriends.
researchers have discovered about half of people with rbd will develop parkinson's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed.	people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (rbd) move around in their sleep and' act out' their dreams.
sarah owen, 21, was attacked by her boyfriend preston wright, 23, with a knife, then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman, oklahoma.	eyewitnesses said that owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 madra street.	officers from norman police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother had been in a confrontation.
two armed robbers have been caught on camera using a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way into a jewellery shop.	the raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises, and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike.	one of the raiders used a sledgehammer to smash through an internal wooden door and the other used a axe to smash security glass at uncle jewellers and pawn brokers.	greater manchester police are now investigating whether the incident is linked to a similar break-in at another wigan jeweller last week.
myanmar's newly-built capital city, naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy.	it first became the capital of myanmar a decade ago, after the government decided to move the capital from yangon.	locals only come to live in the city, which looks more like no man's land than a booming metropolis, if they need to for work.
sidonie, a well known band from catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent ryanair flight to santiago de compostela in northern spain.	the group, who posted the performance video to facebook and youtube, explained that they composed the tune after experiencing a' lack of respect shown by ryanair flight attendants'.	ryanair, however, was n't as impressed with the band's performance.
julie walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash.	she was caught by police after she was spotted on cctv loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the old trafford football ground in manchester before she was walking back to his sheltered accommodation.	he saw walters get out of a taxi and asked him for money, claiming she needed to check his bathroom.	after tricking her way inside, she stole his wallet and £100 in cash.
a-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed.	they all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure.	femail has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure.
holidaymakers watched in horror as a cannonball fired from a wooden trebuchet.	sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby boathouse, causing it to erupt into flames.	witness heather taylor, 42, who had travelled from birmingham with her son ethan to watch the cannonball launch, described the panic as the incident unfolded.
the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight.	the special flight was to celebrate the marriage one of the airline's pilot to a member of cabin crew.	the jet took the happy couple's family and friends on a short sight-seeing tour over the mediterranean.
todd phillips was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday's inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana.	as the dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay.	phillips of franklin, wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
jellyfish are an important part of our british wildlife and lead amazing lives.	the stunning sight of a compass jellyfish (chrysaora hysoscella), which has a painful sting, captured underwater in cornwall.	thousands of visitors who will soon flock to the uk's beaches have been told to look but not touch jellyfish they will inevitably see.
puren died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in february.	his abdication ended the rule of the qing dynasty, which began in 1644.	he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london, the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to william in 2011.	kate, 33, wowed in a floral erdem dress and navy alexander mcqueen court shoes, the duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent claudia gordon.	gordon, who owns naples luxury travel advisors in naples, told news-press.com:' i asked her if prince george was excited about the new prince or princess'.
mikaela jane davidson was born april 4, less than three months after her father, boston heart surgeon dr michael davidson, was shot dead by a deceased patient's son.	mikaela's father, dr. michael davidson, was killed at the hospital january 20, leaving behind his wife, dr. terri halperin, daughters kate, 10, live, 10, and their 2-year-old son, graham.
hamza parvez, 22, still has n't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters.	he is now living in a house with a group of english speaking fighters, originally as far as belgium, finland and australia.	over six months since he travelled to syria, hamza's friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor.
tens of millions of people in china marked the' tomb sweeping festival'.	families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink to ensure they are not poor or hungry in the afterlife.	huangdi is considered the ancestor of the qingming festival which sees the chinese mark the start of spring with outdoor celebrations.
owen smith said at a hustings event on wednesday:' we view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment'.	shadow welsh secretary owen smith has expressed regret that the party can not ‘ get rid’ of the trident nuclear deterrent.
miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month.	mr miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month.
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box, iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12.	the service is available in the us for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future hbo programming.	it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch.
obama arrived in kingston yesterday evening and was met by prime minister portia simpson-miller, u.s.	obama promptly embraced the local color by making an unscheduled late night visit to the museum with tour guide natasha clark during his unannounced visit.
chrissy teigen posted a picture of herself to instagram showing off her stretch marks in an instagram post that has been praised by her fans.	the singer pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a recent charity event alongside her husband carey hart.
the hmas choules, which has previously been used to provide offshore accommodation to manus island detainees, has been employed by the navy to hand the vietnamese nationals back to their communist government in an operation.	it is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in april, and are being returned through the port of vung tau, south of ho chi minh city.
liam dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old.	he died at derriford hospital in plymouth, devon, in march last year from'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy following the assault.	coroner ian arrow said:' on the balance of probability, mr dawe's health was compromised (by the assault) and he died earlier than expected.	' mr dawe developed severe cerebral palsy, epilepsy and visual impairment as well as learning, feeding and respiratory difficulties.
former virginia gov.	bob mcdonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court.	the onetime rising republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th u.s.	mcdonnell and his wife, maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company's nutritional supplements.
sydney and melbourne drew the biggest crowd in a rally in federation sqaure.	the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal.	they were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest.
remy dufrene, 3, drowned after falling into a drainage ditch tuesday afternoon.	his father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch.	the old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch.
wardens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties.	union chiefs claim workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the ‘country’s richest family’.	staff have voted ‘overwhelmingly’ in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered ‘ years of pay restraint’.
police arrested 53 people as pro-cannabis protestors gathered to get high and call for the drug to be legalised in london's hyde park today.	dramatic images captured the moment four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to hyde park.	crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual'420' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws.
more than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014.	britain's failure to follow suit – thanks to a target imposed by david cameron – means its overseas aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the development assistance committee.
dylan and paul arrouet welcomed fraternal twins into the world on monday.	the 40-year-old's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate, with dylan and her husband paul arrouet have welcomed fraternal twins.	dylan, who is the founder and ceo of popular confectionery chain dylan's candy bar, revealed in this week's issue of the magazine that she chose a surrogate because it's a' wonderful option'.
tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon, had a clear lead on his rival meron simon, who competes for the university of washington.	but at a track meet saturday in eugene, oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.	simon's time, 8:57.86, exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds.
almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the mediterranean over the weekend.	nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya.	at least 480 migrants lost their lives during crossings in the first three months of this year.
coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections.	the festival's 324 new private stalls could still be harboring germs.	experts also warn that people at coachella should also take precaution to touch as possible while in public restrooms.
google wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users' funds as they will now be federally-insured (file photo).	for those who use google wallet, their money just became safer with federal-level insurance.	google's user agreement says funds are not protected by the fdic.
foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980.	they now account for almost ten per cent of the overall black population.	foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black immigrant population.
lawyers have warned the differences in defamation law in northern ireland mean controversial us expose hbo's' going clear' might not be broadcast by sky atlantic.	but the fact that northern ireland is not subject to the 2013 defamation act means sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.	this is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from david miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year.	the average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary.
the graves were found last wednesday on the late saddam hussein's presidential compound.	the deaths showed iraqis that islamic state fighters, who have also attacked ethnic and religious minorities as well as fellow sunni muslims opposing them, were a threatening new kind of foe.
jackson byrnes is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to fund his life-saving surgery.	his family thanked the thousands of people who have made donations to the page.	jackson byrnes is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000 target.
afzal khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the us.	federal agents hunting the 32-year-old, originally from edinburgh, fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest.	khan is accused of obtaining loans from a bank for cars that he never delivered, but for which the purchaser was still responsible.
nicolas diaz, 81,' stabbed to death his granddaughter's ex-boyfriend, kevin rivera, and her former partner, kevin rivera, 21, after celebrating the infant's first birthday party on sunday.	he allegedly stabbed mr rivera, an unemployed musician, with a knife, before fleeing the scene.	when medics arrived at the bushwick property, they discovered mr rivera with a chest wound.	on monday morning, the suspect turned himself into police, nbc reported.
officers are powerless to act over the allegations, at a school in blackburn, lancashire.	but officers refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class, saying they have made the girl feel' like she was in the wrong'.
the european court of human rights found russia did not breach a father's right to a family life when he was deported in 2011.	eight judges of the european court of human rights found that russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws even though he went to live there more than 20 years ago and has a russian wife and son.
jennie anne kehlet, 49, and raymond keith kehlet, 47, were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone, some 730km north east of perth.	the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of sandstone in remote bushland which is popular amongst gold prospectors.	police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres.
timothy norris-jones, who had previously attacked his mother on two occasions, left her with bruises on her right wrist that needed stitches, a court heard.	the 59-year-old told police the injuries were caused when she fell and said he had accidentally' caught her face' when he went to catch her in november last year.	norris-jones was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life.
drugs charity re-solv has called on the' role model' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health.	footage emerged today which appears to show the liverpool and england winger breathing in the gas nitrous oxide before passing out as giggling friends look on.	video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out.
levar jones, 36, has no criminal record and was on his way home from his job at a subway café, said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of walter scott last week.	he told daily mail online he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police, new training in them, and supported bodycams for officers.	mr jones was confronted by a police officer opening fire at him as he followed instructions to produce his driver's license and was hit in the stomach.
kim copeland, 52, was walking home from her local sainsbury’s store in coventry.	she threw the used cigarette on the ground - before two council officers came ‘sprinting’ towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence.	miss copeland was unable to attend the hearing because she had to look after her son chez, 17, who has autism, has now criticised the city council for taking her to court.
new york governor andrew cuomo said friday that' spice' is sweeping the city, with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from april 8, 120 of them in one week.	over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week.	the cannabinoid, also commonly called'k2' or' mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers.
a recent survey has revealed that more than half of uk children do n't have any veg, and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis.	for more than two decades, i've been in the business of helping children get their daily fill of fruit and veg.
police and mps have accused alison saunders of ignoring the rights of victims and failing to clear speculation of a cover-up over her decision to spare lord janner.	campaigners, police chiefs and mps accused her of ignoring the rights of victims and failing to clear the stench of an establishment cover-up that lingers over the case.
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for.	reports were made by alistair barr in the wall street journal.	google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography amid fears it is corroding childhood.	he promised legislation to force distributors to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze.	if porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties.
russell brand has appealed to fans to sign up to the mercy campaign.	he urges his nine million followers to sign up to the petition.	brand labels the pair's efforts to import 8kg of heroin as' daft'.
oxford's rowing team beat cambridge – inspiring their male colleagues to win for the third time running in the 161st race.	the women’s race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley, but after years of campaigning for equal billing.
brittany cherokee dawn bell of bartlesville, oklahoma, appeared in washington county district court via video monitor from jail on monday.	the charge of child neglect was pursued by authorities over homicide as the medical examiner's office could not determine the cause of death.	police were called to bell's home on january 8 after she reported the death of her three-month-old daughter.
researchers asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.	about a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal, the journal physiology and behavior reports.
lib dem danny alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his treasury post in a second coalition.	he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the snp surge which is set to take the seats of many of scotland 40 labour and 11 lib dem mps on may 7.
ten deputies have been placed on leave after a horrific video emerged showing them punching and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes following a chase through the california desert.	seconds later, two deputies catch up to pusok and stun him with their tasers.	one clearly draws back his leg and swings it at pusok's head.	chillingly, after the beating, a deputy whispered in the suspect's ear:' this is n't over,'
iconic louisville track hosting the 141st running of the kentucky derby on may 2 has banned the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits.	churchill downs, which hosts the annual kentucky derby on may 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees.
catalina viejo, 31, is based in new york, who is based in new york.	she has completed 42 miniature works, which cost up to $90 (£60) each.	the bite-sized series is titled' a view of the end' and is currently on display.
robert de niro, 71, has been a supporter of the democratic party.	he said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be' no surprises'.	she also gave her backing to the ex-first lady, saying:'she’s smart, has run things before, and knows how to get things done.
judge charles wide qc described it as a' highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' which risked the health of members of the public.	the uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.	this was a' sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in north-east lincolnshire and sussex.
elena udrea, 41, charged with accepting bribes and abusing her position in government.	she was indicted along with seven other people, including the country's former economy minister ion ariton, who was charged with abuse of power.	she claims the charges against her are politically motivated and accuses the anti-corruption agency of being linked to the secret service.
a new generation of wipes — known as radiance pads, promises not only to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also to retexturise and brighten skin and brighten skin.	infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers, these new pads are beauty game-changers.
preacher abdul hadi arwani was killed by a hitman who climbed into the back of his car, it emerged last night.	the syrian-born 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in london on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work.	but when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his volkswagen passat and shot him several times.	the murder at 11.15am on tuesday bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination.
britt mchenry, a washington d.c.-based sports reporter for espn, has been suspended for one week.	the 28-year-old, who hails from new jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington, virginia.	the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office.
queen invests the prince at caernarfon castle in 1969 after secret police were sent to wales in fear of an attack on the monarchy.	the eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne for the historic event on july 1, 1969, but behind the scenes, prime minister harold wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for welsh independence would target charles – then 20 – at the caernarfon castle ceremony.	the files do not include any details about the methods employed by the officers, but there are several references to ‘ dissemination of information’.
tory councillor ross thomson posted images of the graffiti on twitter just before lunch.	reports suggest labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals with a white' q' added to its black door.	it is not known if it was done by the same people.
the suspect, who has n't been named, was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile, abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot.	birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of memphis street in wylam around 8:45 a.m. on sunday.
researchers have for the first time been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium.	but the results of new research suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium, which can only be generated in particle accelerators.
eco experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals.	the firm used the world bank's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures.	indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation is leaving many species at risk, including orangutans and critically endangered sumatran tigers and rhinos.
precious richardson coleman, 29, lost her leg and her home went up in flames.	beatrice' dee' spence, 24, lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by 29-year-old precious richardson coleman, who believed spence was trying to steal her boyfriend, according to family members.	coleman had been frying chicken and cooking macaroni and cheese, but left the kitchen in a rush to help her daughter.
researchers at yale university have revealed these patterns by documenting the subtle differences in sentence structure across the us.	their interactive map allows you to click on a location marker in the map below to hear common phrases for each state.
ryan skivington admitted killing a girl's guinea pigs by squeezing the life out of them.	the 26-year-old lightweight, who appeared at blackpool magistrates court, admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs.	he also admitted assaulting his former partner at her home in blackpool during the attack on february 12 this year.
monsour alshammari, 27, is in the u.s. on a saudi government student sponsorship.	he was picked up by u.s. immigration and customs enforcement on friday and a judge in provo signed an arrest warrant on monday to extradite him back to utah.	alshammari had been charged on april 3 with rape, a first-degree felony, and obstructing justice, a second-degree felony.	he has not yet entered a plea to those charges.
amanda butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks.	her son callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin - and both she and doctors feared he would not survive.	in the weeks and months that followed, he underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions.
madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan, the word' dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering.	madonna's latest luggage comes from east london designer mawi keivom, who specialises in bejeweled luxury accessories.
rupert brooke's death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice.	but when the newspapers reprinted the soldier the following day, he became properly famous for the rest of his life — as it turned out, lasted just over a fortnight.
the map was created using data from nasa’s tropical rainfall measuring mission satellite, and the orbview-1/microlab satellite.	areas with the fewest number of lightning occurs in the far eastern democratic republic of congo and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela.
kevin rudd and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in brisbane's east of more than 20 years.	the two-storey property is a striking queenslander, aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling.	it is a tranquil settinhg, surrounded by palms and vines and ornate rocks, ensuring the home has a luxurious resort-feel.	there is no doubt that the home belonged to kevin rudd, as it features a kangaroo and emu emblem.
sarah hulbert, of auburn, wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston and was fired for having' no pizzazz'.	hulbert claimed she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to' gender discrimination'.
a hat-trick in the prestigious london press club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper.	judges gave the award to the mail on sunday ahead of fellow nominees the sunday times and independent on sunday.	they also praised our all-round quality that, week after week, sets the agenda and forces daily newspapers to chase our big exclusives.	ben ellery's report revealed the truth about ed miliband's feminist t-shirts earned a scoop of the year nomination.
kim rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters in southampton by putting on a spread at a party event, which included the pastry snacks and sandwiches.	although he was never arrested or charged, mr rose was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of' treating'.	he has now criticised the' absolutely ridiculous' police investigation.
police in maryland are hunting for a' heartless' thief who stole a four-year-old boy's wheelchair in the middle of the night.	the youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive, langley park, as usual on sunday evening since it's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment.	when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared.	prince george's county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
cathleen hackney allegedly told two different funeral directors that there were no objections, including from her former spouse, to her son being cremated after his death.	as a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of paul moreland in december 2010 after it happened without his father's knowledge, jurors heard.	deborah gould, 56, is on trial at stoke-on-trent crown court, in relation to the cremation of her son.
trinity culley, from fingringhoe, essex, used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme which she secretly viewed in her bedroom after her mother told her it was too graphic.	but when her mother dee culley's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule, she sprang into action.	within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister jasmin elizabeth-rose, who arrived in the family's front room weighing 7lb 1oz.
the caribbean island of providenciales, in turks and caicos, was named the best island in the world by tripadvisor users.	providenciales has a reputation as one of the world's best islands or beach destinations.	tripadvisor said the rankings are based on reviews from users around the world.
khloe has been showing off her workouts - and her impressive strength - in a series of recent instagram posts.	the 30-year-old reality star displayed her pert posterior while weight lifting close to 100 pounds in the snap she captioned:' squat! squat! squat! squat!! squat! squat! squat skills, hair colour overhaul and very particular beauty regime.	khloe, 30, has been showcasing blonder locks, a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks.
the images were captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away, show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties.	the images were revealed as part of the first colour map of ceres, showing variations in surface materials, and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it.	images taken using blue (440 nanometers) and infrared (920 nanometers) filters were combined to create the map.
alexandra allen, from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria.	showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.	investigators believe the hives are not caused by a histamine release.
the three men are sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen, as a huge crowd - including children - gathered to witness the public killings.	the taliban said the men had been tried and found guilty by an islamic court.
employees at the recruitment company had spotted the mother and ten ducklings trying to cross the busy high street in sutton coldfield, west midlands.	but they did n't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office and staying for the morning.	they ushered the family of ducks out of a back door to safety and disappeared into a nearby park.
jason mcdonald, 34, from aurora, colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 hungry alligators.	crematory manager mr mcdonald, who volunteers at the farm, has been involved with alligators for over ten years.	he has plans to take his hobby further.
officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in telangana, india.	the virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry.	birds present in poultry farms were slaughtered while the eggs were dumped in a pit.	india has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006.
tony hatch and jackie trent wrote a string of hits for some of the world's biggest stars and created the memorable theme tune of australian television soap neighbours.	so when trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer, hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye.	true, their marriage had ended in divorce, but they had a daughter together and one of the most successful creative unions in showbusiness.
farryn johnson, an african-american woman fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 sued the breastaurant - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling.	johnson claimed in an interview with wbal,' i decided to put highlights in my hair, blonde in particular.	johnson continued' and the manager at the time literally said "you ca n't have blonde, cause black people do n't have blonde hair".	johnson has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages.
primatologists macaque was discovered in the remote rain forests of the democratic republic of congo.	their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct.	researchers now hope to study the monkey in an attempt to learn more about it.
researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in china that has introduced dna changes to reproductive cells.	the scientific paper is yet to be published, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to' select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
commuters are now able to make phone calls and send texts on the tube.	the technology paves the way for london's commuters to chat and text inside the capital's 150 tube stations where wi-fi connections are currently available.	london's underground platforms could soon be drowned in the sound of commuters chatting on their phones.
boston bomber dzhokar tsarnaev has been thrown another lifeline by two of his victims.	the couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, martin richard, who was killed in the blast.
ruben costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force, but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence.	the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions.	costa was unable to contact his wife but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence.
officer jared forsyth, 33, had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012.	the round entered through his arm and went through his chest, police said.	officer forsyth, 33, was rushed to ocala regional medical center in critical condition.
avril lavigne told abc news on thursday that she had a hard time getting diagnosed for lyme disease.	she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering from lyme disease.
the newly-opened parisian hotel, maison souquet, may be the most provocative hotel in paris.	inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque, the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights.
german discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession.	it now has a bigger market share than upmarket supermarket waitrose.	major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition from cut-price rivals such as aldi and lidl.
women have been taken to instagram to share pictures of their stretch marks after the body chrissy teigen posted a picture of her legs to instagram.	the 29-year-old sports illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session and says:' bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week'.
health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking.	the move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in scotland.	if introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in scotland than it is in the rest of britain.
gabrielle yinka saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding, as well as a £5,000 honeymoon in the seychelles.	she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon - but now she has been spared jail even though a court heard that she had been convicted of fraud twice previously.	saunders, also known as gabriella osborne, admitted cheating her company out of thousands of pounds.
natalia moon learned filipino language tagalog to score role on sitcom ismol family.	she became fluent in the local language, tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star.	natalia moon is also a model who has been featured on magazine cousins in the philippines.
princess eugenie, 25, looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie, which she pulled over her short, dark tresses.	she showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots.
students, parents and staff at a melbourne high school are horrified.	tim hogan admitted ‘ class a’ recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain.	bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months– from december 17 2013.
michelle manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at valdosta state university, georgia.	she heard students were walking on the flag, as seen above.	video footage of the event, on friday, shows manhart struggling with officers.
lawyers hired by drug rehab network narcocon have argued that trout run, a property in frederick county, maryland, has historic significance because president herbert hoover once caught a fish at the site.	opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that uses saunas and vitamin therapy for addicts.
fantasy café is one of the first establishments in china to start charging an'air-purifying fee'.	the two-storey fantasy café is located in downtown hangzhou, the provincial capital of zhejiang province.	by charging a one yuan (11p)'air-purifying fee' per person, the café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue.
lib dem leader promised to' spread the burden' of deficit reduction.	but he scaled back his plans for a mansion tax, amid concern it could cost the party support in key seats in affluent parts of london.	but he mocked george osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found from the welfare budget.
marc macrae was election agent for the snp’s westminster leader angus robertson.	he said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him.	mr robertson, who is co-ordinating the nationalists’ general election campaign, has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone.	he is now backing tory candidate douglas ross, a local councillor, to oust mr robertson in moray.
kingston road in stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the channel 4 documentary which divided opinion with its debut in birmingham's james turner street.	the programme follows the lives of a handful of benefits claimants and last year split public opinion with many accusing producers of promoting' poverty tourism'.	workmen have been seen on kingston road in stockton, the setting for the newest series of benefits street.
robert kirkland died on saturday morning in union city, tennessee.	his son chris said:' he was a man who loved learning and was always curious about how things worked.	discovery park was really an extension of that curiosity and wanting to instill in children and adults a continued craving for knowledge and understanding'.
tabitha anne bennett allegedly drove her daughter to the area near moog street and colonial hills drive and left the car holding a folding knife.	bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses.	bennett was released from jail sunday on $10,500 bail.
the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock, an island off the coast of weymouth, dorset, on sunday by photographer jack davies.	the group included renowned professional trial bike riders jack gear, 25, andrei burton, 29, and joe seddon, 19, who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below.
robyn exton is the founder of dattch (her) a lesbian dating app.	the 28-year-old, who grew up in kent, came out to her friends and family as they attempt to make a success out of their apps in san francisco.	she said she decided to create her own app when the ones that were available were n't up to the job.
four under-age fraternity members were busted by police on an alabama interstate with a trailer-load of alcohol, after being stopped for an expired tag.	the louisiana state university students were found with nearly 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the i-10 in mobile county.	mobile county sheriff's spokesman lori myles said deputies found the alcohol during a stop monday on interstate-10 on monday.
mikenzy snell and matt pliska, who has down syndrome, have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo, which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message.	matt pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors from waupaca, michigan.
jenna louise driscoll was leaving a brisbane's city watch house after fronting the court for failing to appear on april 7.	the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a bottle and told him to' f -- k off' outside court on saturday afternoon.	police found the videos of ms driscoll allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis in october.
sharky sharky jama has reported been shot dead in syria.	the melbourne man's father, dada jama, confirmed his death to sbs radio while tributes to the young man flooded social media.	the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky's death as its capacity to do so was' extremely limited'.
marie csaszar, 45, died last september following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour.	she had worked for seven years at the bbc’s financial centre in cardiff as a contracts manager, but according to her husband paul, she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders.	legal experts described the case as ‘ highly unusual’, but predicted it could be followed by similar claims as digital documents such as emails and social media posts play an increasingly important part in people’s lives.
marty stroud, who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year, was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home last week but shook his hand.	the 65-year-old, who was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after being freed from prison, shook the former prosecutor's hand as he walked into his home.	ford was released from prison in angola last year.
social media platforms have exploded with bright yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses as friends, family and complete strangers mourn the death of bride-to-be stephanie scott.	it comes after police located a body at cocoparra national park, in the riverina region of nsw on friday night.	they believe to be the 26-year-old who went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years.	ms scott's sister kim scott asked attendees to' wear yellow' in ms scott's memory.
iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit tv series or hollywood blockbusters.	despite the fact that iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920, well-known fantasy, sci-fi and sci-fi film directors have all descended on the island nation as of late.
tulip siddiq, a former aide to ed miliband, was at the kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses.	a smiling ms siddiq was photographed alongside putin and sheikh hasina, the prime minister of bangladesh and ms siddiq's mother rehana.	but the tories last night accused ms siddiq of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to putin and sheikh hasina.
claudia lawrence was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.	north yorkshire police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation.	pub landlord paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
rona fairhead is facing calls to step down as a director of hsbc.	she has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions.	she was criticised by mps as ‘ incredibly naïve or totally incompetent’ for her failure to pick up on the scandal.
wikileaks founder julian assange has said that the information leaked belongs online because it shows the entertainment giant has links to the democratic party and the american' military industrial complex'.	assange's decision to put the data up in a searchable form could be seen as particularly cruel coming so soon after sony had finished dealing with the fall-out from the damaging affair.
microsoft co-founder unveiled' vulcan aerospace', which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems.	this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres).	the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from earth.
chris sussman, executive editor for comedy, revealed jokes have to go through' quite a lot of layers' to be approved.	some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall.	comics at the bbc must go through a lengthy process to get jokes on air.
grant allen, 38, travelled first class around the world with his girlfriend gaynor godwin and bought a holiday home on the costa del sol, spain, using criminally gained money.	the pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010, including a trip to dubai, united arab emirates, in 2009 worth £7,600.	allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to disney world.
jason cotterill, 42, sent revenge porn to his lover's daughter and threatened to post a sex video on the mother's facebook page.	the terrified woman said her life became a living' hell' when cotterill, who was jailed last week, sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter.	cotterill knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes, birmingham magistrates' court heard.
daisy lowe, 26, is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for rodial.	the 26-year-old was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her' modern, cool and quintessentially british edge'.	daisy was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her' modern, cool and quintessentially british edge.
the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence.	queensland police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents, and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park, which lies just ten kilometres from the region's famous glitter strip, under police protection.
eight coffins lined the stage of a maryland auditorium for the funeral services saturday for a family that died from carbon monoxide poisoning in their home earlier this month.	the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home.	todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home.
princess beatrice has been seen at the bahrain grand prix last november.	she ruled by a controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists, with her long-term boyfriend dave clark.	it is thought legendary formula 1 racing driver sir jackie stewart and comedian rory bremner were also among those in the tower enjoying the spectacular view as britain’s lewis hamilton won after battling it out over the 57 laps of the 192 mile race.
fanuc's robot uses integrated vision technology called irvision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator.	the robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.	amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human employees.
lisa erspamer's third collection of tributes, celebrities such as melissa rivers, will.i.am, christy turlington, and kristin chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them.	the heartwarming epistolary book, which was published last week, has arrived just in time for mother's day on may 10.
a federal jury in salt lake city on thursday awarded more than $270,000 to marcia eisenhour after finding that former justice court judge craig storey violated her right to equal protection.	the jury found storey liable for some $240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest.	storey wrote in 2007,' i'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called eisenhour the' most gorgeous thing alive'.
victorino chua penned what he called a ‘ bitter nurse confession’ in which he spelled out ‘ how an angel can turn to an evil person’.	chua is accused of killing three patients by contaminating their saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others at stepping hill hospital in stockport between 2011 and 2012.	his lawyers say the document – found in his home following his arrest – is not a criminal confession but an ‘ outlet for his anger and frustration’.
indianara carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to' restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with' someone special'.	the image, just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the easter weekend.	lord, on this day i ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'.
lee thompson's seen plenty in his 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist.	he co-founded the flash pack, a small group flashpacking tour company.	the flash pack's lee thompson captured this man with scores of live chickens.
claudia martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a' momentary abnormality of mental functioning' which she no longer suffered from a condition known as a' pathological denial of pregnancy'.	she' intended' to dispose of the tragic baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in a plastic bag and towels, but was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived and whisked her off to hospital.	until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child.
gloria ross, 84, spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse.	she was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson wayne wilkins, 25.
the winning oz lotto entry was purchased from mittagong newsagency, 4 princess street in central mittagong.	the man said he and his wife had been' struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result.
earl arthur olander lived alone in a home in rural minnesota.	discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked.	neighbors have spoken of him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
the kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker asadullah - who is also married to her cousin.	gulnaz's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her' shamed' family as she was unmarried and a kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for' adultery by force'.
thug is caught on camera kicking the wing mirror off a vehicle at la marina auto sales.	the trio, armed with a large cinder block, also smashed windscreens during their early morning rampage.	owner freddy ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work at the la marina auto sales, in dearborn heights, michigan, after the easter break.	he is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the vandals.
kurt ludwigsen, 43, was fired from his job at a christian school in new york.	he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts.	police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in october.	ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching his players during his time at nyack college.
twitter's top lawyer admitted it has been ‘ inexcusably slow’ in tackling online trolls.	vijaya gadde said twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse – because it did not recognise the scope and scale of the problem.	anti-bullying campaigners have also complained that twitter is a sanctuary for trolls who post hateful abuse behind the veil of anonymity.
the canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were met with this' announcement' on a big tv screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to melbourne.	dfat has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt, which saw 30 low-ranking employees told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to melbourne.
annette edwards holds her world record continental giant rabbit darius aloft.	five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st — the king of the continental giant breed.	he is the size of an average eight-year-old child.
paul devillier, 56, is accused of opening fire on cpl.	burt hazeltine as he was directing traffic in a school zone in suburban new orleans.	a male suspect, later identified as former transportation safety administration worker 56-year-old paul devillier, was arrested a short time later after a' tussle' with officers.	a deputy is seen swabbing what appears to be blood from the door of hazeltine's squad car.
fiona cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for hassan hussain as he and fellow murderer yassin james, 20, were hunted by police for gunning down sabrina moss in the street on a night out to celebrate her 24th birthday.	cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about hussain after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder in kilburn, north west london.	miss moss' friend sabrina gachette, then 24, was lucky to survive after being blasted in the back with a sawn-off shotgun during the attack outside a bar.
megan huntsman, 40, is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns, then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in pleasant grove, utah.	family members rallied round her even as her' cold and calculated' crimes were recounted to the court.	three will run consecutively, which means she will spend at least 15 years in prison - and likely much longer.
zeus, a german shepherd, was honored in a grand procession in connecticut on wednesday.	he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.	the german shepherd, who worked with the ridgefield police department for eight years as a k-9 officer, began around 4.45pm and ended at the ridgefield veterinary hospital.	zeus was being taken to ridgefield veterinary clinic (above) where he was to be euthanized.
prince charles' letter was read at hayley's funeral by father michael bailey.	there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk.	it causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate.
the pristine white room adds to the feeling that i'm about to undergo major surgery.	they look like something frankenstein might have had applied to his monster's neck.	some say it's the non-jab equivalent of botox.
shadow chancellor said he would not make' unfunded and uncosted commitments' after promising to cut the deficit every year.	it comes after david cameron pledged to give the nhs the £8billion a year budget boost demanded by its chief executive simon stevens, but refused to say how he will find the money.
one passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync at san francisco international airport.	as the two planes exit the cloud and approach the runway, this quick-witted passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot to video the respective landings.	the two planes begin their descent simultaneously at san francisco airport.
godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say, where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise.	in particular, the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment.
annegret raunigk, a primary school teacher from berlin, will create medical history when she becomes the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world.	her gynaecologist initially mentioned the possibility of a' selective reduction', where one or more fetuses is aborted in a multi-fetal pregnancy, but she declined.	but the english and russian teacher, who is due to retire this year, said she decided to have the babies as she was ‘ still quite fit’ and capable of looking after them.
pest control company mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, louie the fly, along with' # putyourdressout', which was a widely shared hashtag in support of ms scott.	mortein has copped a spray after making the' tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott.
matt stopera misplaced his cellphone in new york city and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his photostream.	mr stopera said he asked himself,' who is this man, and why are his pictures showing up in my phone?'
new study claims the kola fireball had a' disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 ur116, which is due to pass by the moon in 2017.	researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments.	they determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site.
hyperkin's product developer chris gallizzi said:' we wanted to create a retro device that can be easily adapted into any modern gamer's arsenal of devices.	it was originally devised as part of an april fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the company has announced plans to sell a consumer version.	the case was created by independent video game hardware developers hyperkin.
davion navar henry only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care.	he made a plea for a family to' love him forever', has been adopted by his old caseworker connie bell and her adopted son, taylor, 14.	davion plays on the xbox in his bedroom with his soon-to-be adopted mom connie sitting behind him together with her daughter carley, 17, and her adopted son taylor, who is now 14.	davion became an example of the struggle faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up.
malijah grant, 1, was shot in the head thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala at an intersection in kent, washington.	her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off.	two male suspects are now being sought by police.
a woman who threatened to jump to her death off a new york bridge was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage.	she walked to the kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side shortly before noon on monday, climbed over the railing.	police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down.
nick clegg said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal.	mr gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year's cabinet reshuffle to become tory chief whip.	mr clegg repeatedly clashed with mr gove over his education reforms.
kelly nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing, and told his girlfriend, jessica sexton, he was not feeling well.	by the time sexton got up at 7.30am, the man was gone.	he left the house without his wallet, id card or the keys to his truck.
eileen dover considered an unfortunate name as the wife of jay-z has caused her grief her entire life.	the photo was created by photographer brandon stanton who travels around the city capturing images of its residents and sharing their stories.	tanya's name became slightly more awkward after her career saw her gain a new title.
yaakov naumi’s, 32, grew up in an ultra orthodox jewish home in israel.	he's not allowed to touch the bride at any point.	according to the jewish holy torah, it is prohibited to touch a woman to whom you are not married.
the white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister.	the first lady said in a statement she was' lucky to have such a talented individual on my team.	jeremy will be missed, and barack and i wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors'.
the u.s. census bureau has released these 2014 childless rates on tuesday.	95.9 percent of women ages 15 to 44 were childless in 2014, as opposed to 49.4 percent in 2012.	in 2012, 71.4 percent did not have children.
chris roberts, who featured in a string of fox news reports, was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse, new york, on wednesday night by two fbi agents.	roberts, who works for security intelligence company one world labs, was questioned for the next four hours.	he was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems.
cle' bone' sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in january, leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder.	but he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he' will not be used to send suge knight to prison'.	knight is accused of murdering terry carter, 55, and trying to murder sloan.
study found women applying for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for asking for less pay than they should – widening the gender pay gap.	study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but that this widens to £10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy.
stephen dodd tweeted picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula.	he added the caption:' muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday # disgrace'.	liverpool promised to take ‘ appropriate action’ against the supporter.
jean-marie le pen said his daughter marine' may want me dead'.	it follows the 87-year-old honorary president of the far-right party falling out with ms le pen, the current leader, over his extreme views.	mr le pen told rtl radio it was a' crazy idea'.
tessa cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.	freeze your cake for 24 hours straight from the oven and the sponge will be bouncier than ever.	if you think nothing beats the gooey deliciousness of a home-made cake fresh from the oven, think again.
loved-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via the website howheasked.com and instagram account howheasked.	alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.	loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via instagram howheasked.
timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in march in alabama and his mom put his photo on facebook.	little eli was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening.
kaden lum was gunned down in bremerton, washington, on march 28.	his mother, jalisa, was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen.	just two weeks on from the horrific incident, the kitsap sun printed the illustration on their opinion page.	it depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam.
messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above mercury after nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit after it dropped to within nine miles (15km) of the surface.	the spacecraft, however, is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 april.	it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system.
carolyn thorpe, 62, was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in hiers-brouage, a seaside town in south-west france, when the 20-foot tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007.	her daughter sarah wright was also injured by the american ash tree, which was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of napoleon i's first son.
edwin' jock' mee, who worked at the military base in croydon, south london, allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the army and locked the doors of the room they were in.	the woman, now 27, told southwark crown court that mee raped her as he called her a' sweet woman'.	she claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy.
jake boys, 19, surprised his partner emily canham, 18, with tickets.	but the delight of miss canham, a model from kettering, northamptonshire, soon turned to dismay upon learning that her boyfriend had bought plane tickets to dublin for the millennium stadium gig.
lawrence tynes has filed a lawsuit against the tampa bay buccaneers.	the 36-year-old is suing the tampa bay buccaneers for $20million in lost future earnings.	tynes was in training camp with the buccaneers in 2013 when he contracted the deadly mrsa infection.	tynes, who has not kicked a football since 2012, said that he spent eight or nine days without being diagnosed and his infection worsened.
sir david nicholson has warned of a' substantial financial problem' at the heart of the nhs and says it is being ignored by politicians.	david cameron and nick clegg have pledged to find the cash – but ed miliband has refused.	sir david said it was vital for the nhs for there to be a ‘ political consensus’ guaranteeing its budget.
a reporter with the liberal news outlet vox tweeted a photo of clinton toting her own luggage on thursday in omaha.	her flight was bound for newark, new jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious chappaqua, new york home.	clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in council bluffs, iowa.
dr ram manohar, 38, is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013, while working at wirral's arrowe park hospital.	he said she knew manohar and, while in his room, asked for his help to learn about matters including chest x-rays.
brimbank crime investigation unit detectives in victoria are investigating the armed robbery at a service station in watervale on monday after it was carried out in not very ladylike fashion.	investigators were told the cross-dressing robber entered the service station on taylors road in taylors hill just before 7.30pm.	this is the moment an unsuspecting shop assistant came face to face with a man dressed as a woman brandishing a fake firearm during a robbery.
rev richard coles rose to fame as half of the band the communards.	he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the bbc sitcom rev.	while he might now feel free to attack others for seeking the right to buy their own home, he not so long ago felt he had the right to do whatever he chose himself, regardless of the law or anyone else’s feelings.
researchers have long known that there is water in the form of ice on mars.	the ‘ hidden valley’ in gale crater on mars is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet.	when night falls, calcium perchlorate is very absorbent and it forms a brine with the water, so the freezing point is lowered and the frost can turn into a liquid.	curiosity landed on mars in 2012 in the large crater, gale, located just south of the equator.
leo bernal, 8, is lucky to be alive after an intruder shot him in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city, california, over the weekend.	doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples.	his head was partially shaved and marred by two long, stapled incisions.
study found that just one extra meal out a week raising the odds of having high blood pressure by six per cent, a study found.	eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake – all causes of high blood pressure.
facinet keita, 31, fled the olympic village in summer 2012.	he claiming his failure to win a medal meant he ‘ would be murdered’ if he returned to his native guinea.	his wife who was left to look after the couple’s two children has now split from him because she ‘couldn’t wait for him’.
randy linn, now in a california federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said he ca n't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship.	federal prosecutors said linn drove about two hours from his home in st. joe, indiana, to suburban toledo on september 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.	randy linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million in damages to a suburban toledo, ohio, mosque.	he also blamed what happened on a day of heavy drinking.
kevin morton gave his son kye backhouse an extremely strong painkiller, court heard - a mistake which he says he will' have to try and live with it for the rest of my life'.	he could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter over the teenager's death.	'happy-go-lucky' kye was found dead at his home in barrow-in-furness, cumbria in october last year.
jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county on april 23, 1990.	investigators believe her badly decomposed remains, which consisted mostly just bones, had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered.
motorola is launching a gold version of its own timepiece the day before.	the gold model is available to pre-order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april.	it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from o2 stores on 23 april.
amir khan, who could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat, posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of fremont close to san francisco.	the 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us, where he is preparing for his next fight.	police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps and if an offence took place.
dominika petrinova, from the czech republic, was furious after her boyfriend erik meldik's prank, which went viral after he posted it online.	the 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog sam had accidentally been put in the wash before mr meldik revealed the' joke' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound.	so ms petrinova had decided to exact her revenge in a painful prank of her own.
duli hembrom wrote to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding.	she wrote:' i do not want to get married, i took an oath at the time of admission that i will not get married before i turn 18'.
mailonline travel looks at the world's most unusual, excessive hotel amenities.	whether it's a temporary pet fish, placed in your room and cared for by hotel staff.	staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room for the duration of their stay.
rachel riley looked embarassed when the two contestants came up with the same eight-letter double entendre in the word game.	hewer, who first found fame as lord sugar’s sidekick in the apprentice, was clearly trying not to laugh when a rude word has popped up.	it is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up.
more than 1,000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law-making.	the so-called crimes include diving into the thames without authority, queue-jumping at a tube station and hogging the middle lane of a motorway.	offenders can be fined £200.
dawn was breaking as we pulled out of calvi station, and the town's medieval citadel, perched on a headland, was bathed in the rosy glow of the first rays of sunlight.	it started in the remote golo valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
secret service supervisor xavier morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave and is not allowed to enter the office after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters.	the woman alleged that she was attending a party with xavier morales, her boss, in a washington, d.c. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her.	morales, who was a manager in the agency's security clearance division, was due to start his new position this week.
australian capital cities can expect record-breaking profits on their properties at auctions across the country.	home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit.	only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price.
cortez berry was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth, georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery.	the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail.	it shows the 18-year-old berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash.
almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english, maths and science departments.	school leaders warn the' bleak' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and' greater competition' for graduates among employers.
hizb ut-tahrir (ht) has reportedly attacked civil activists in aleppo.	several british men linked to isis, including mohammed' jihadi john' emwazi, are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at uk universities.
boeing 777-300er diverted to chhatrapati international airport to refuel eight hours into its flight from southern china to addis ababa.	plane was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from guangzhou, china when it flew over the arabian sea.
this week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual' apocalyptic' dust storm, known in arabic as a haboob, struck belarus, turning day to night, and china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.	some experts have said that climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms.
attorney general eric holder sent a memo on friday to doj employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes.	his memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the drug enforcement administration had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes.	holder said the department's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal.
nick clegg will today promise the highest education spending of any party with a £5billion flagship offer to undecided voters.	liberal democrats will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament ‘ from cradle to college’.
the typed dispatch – owned by a us collector – was sent by german president karl doenitz on may 8, 1945, telling officers to abandon fighting or face the allies' wrath.	it was seized from luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested that day.	grand admiral doenitz had been hitler's choice to replace him as leader of the german navy up until hitler's death.
the h5n2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest iowa's osceola county - prompting a massive bird cull.	but the u.s. department of agriculture said monday that the h5n2 bird flu virus continues to hammer the midwest and the virus recently took its biggest toll yet after it hit a farm in iowa that held nearly 10 percent of the state's egg-laying chickens.
romans, the kingdom of naples, the ottoman empire, the french, british and during the second world war, the ottoman republic, the italians and germans have all left their mark.	fortunately, the greeks themselves and the odd expat - have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism.
lee, 38, kneed jason lee, an ex-goldman sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion.	she sobbed and said she was left in a state of' disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault.	the 22-year-old said she has not even told her family back in ireland about her ordeal and made the 16 hour journey to new york to give evidence on her own, apparently lying to explain why she was in the us.
malia obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host rachael ray in an excerpt of the interview that was released by ray's program.	the full interview is set to air thursday.	mrs. obama has n't driven herself in seven or eight years.
sofinar gourian, popularly known as' safinaz', was fined £15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant.	she is expected to avoid jail time, however, after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence.
arlette ricci was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman.	arlette ricci, 74 and one of the richest women in europe, was ‘ particularly determined’ to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades.	ricci had denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is not.
nutritional therapist lorna driver-davies explains the health benefits of these new super saps.	the water is said to contain minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin c and magnesium.	flavoured with spearmint and apple, the 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit.
tara and gavin hills, from kanata, canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years.	but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough.	after looking up the symptoms online - powerful coughing fits, runny nose, stringy phlegm - the hills took their ailing brood to the hospital on april 2.
kim richards was arrested on thursday morning after becoming belligerent while intoxicated at the polo lounge in the beverly hills hotel.	radar reports that at some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics.	kim - who has struggled with substance abuse in the past - then headed to a bathroom and refused to come out and causing a scene.
bradley dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham in kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile.	but later in the evening dew returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from herne bay.	dew, of faversham, then fled the scene, and was found by police hiding in the toilets of a pub close to his friend's home later on march 29 last year.	officers said he was likely to have been left feeling vulnerable after being mugged in his own home.
eastern sydney's waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for luke lazarus' out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's soho nightclub, in sydney.	in an interview with the wentworth courier she referenced the behaviour of lazarus's victim.	waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist luke lazarus and is now developing' a new risky behaviour education program' for young women.
sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning.	the hashtag was in reference to the station's former newsreader steve blanda, who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade.	the tweet has since been removed from the @ 2uenews twitter account.
annabel beam, now 12, believes she visited heaven when falling 30ft at the age of nine.	annabel was playing outside the family's texas home with her sisters abigail, now 14 and adelynn, now ten, when she slipped and fell inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree.	annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises.
george galloway has accused the labour candidate running against him in the bradford west constituency of lying about being forced to marry when she was 15 years old.	mr galloway's respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her' nikah', or marriage certificate, showing that she actually married when she was 16 and a half in 1990.
davy showcased her style credentials as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair.	the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits, smiling as she made her way down the street wearing ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer on wednesday night.	it's the second night out on the town for the party girl, who joined friends at the opening of cool new eatery, the ivy chelsea garden, on tuesday.
police have launched a major investigation into claims of sexual abuse at care homes in nottinghamshire dating back more than 70 years.	operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall children's home near mansfield.	inquiry will also look into nine other centres in nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused.
realtors in indianapolis are looking to unload what's likely the midwestern city's gaudiest and most famous home -- a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king.	for a meager $862,000, its gargoyles, endless balconies and ornate fountains can remain among the neighborhood's modest ranchers and middle class homes.
richard howarth, 35, says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when he sees the ukip leader on tv.	the medical recruitment consultant said hearing mr farage's voice makes him' physically sick'.	mr howarth said he initially watched coverage of mr farage to educate himself on ukip's policies.
dr bav shergill, a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead, offers his verdict.	spf 30 suncream containing uva and uvb protection, plus pack of five 60ml liquid food supplement shots - these contain vitamin e, lycopene, beta-carotene and other nutrients for skin health.
thomas jenkins was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george's county sheriff's office.	jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover, delaware, authorities said.	during the investigation it was learned that the prince george’s county sheriff’s department had a series of burglaries that were similar in nature to the eighteen committed in dover,' the release said.
teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in birmingham where extremist islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff.	this includes allegations an al-qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles.	more than 50 teachers - called the park view brotherhood - also alleged exchanged as many as 3,000 messages in a whatsapp group.
ex-femen activist josephine witt throws confetti at european central bank president mario draghi during a press conference in frankfurt, germany.	the woman - who identified herself later as josephine witt - yelled' end the ecb dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi.
the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk.	meat and fish are plentiful and, because the soil is very fertile, the vegetables, fruit and salads are the stars of the summer.
graeme burke said the 3.6-metre statue would show a' bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox.	locals and visitors would also be able to sit on to have their photo taken.
classic english pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte, as well as a cinnamon swirl and a pain au raisin.	espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis.
ricky dearman said he was falsely branded the leader of a london satanic cult who trafficked children into the uk to be tortured and killed on video.	scotland yard investigated the' baseless' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner.	mr dearman, who has appeared in films including the hitman and on the stage, told the bbc's victoria derbyshire tv show:' they'd said we were killing babies, i was shipping them in, we would cut the babies' throats and drain their blood.
global watchdog said state will continue to spend more on public services and other areas such as welfare and overseas aid than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament.	projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit, which hit a record £153billion under labour in 2009-10.
wonga, the uk’s biggest payday loans firm, racked up a £37.3million loss last year.	it racked up a significant reduction in uk consumer lending while it attempts to clean up its tarnished image.	revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million.
documentary photographer vincent cianni, 63, said he was discharged from the army national guard in 2010 because of his sexuality, while his boyfriend, dustin hiersekorn left the marine corps due to medical reasons.	the bill was designed to protect the soldiers by keeping their sexuality a secret, however it forced them into the closet and further internalized their struggles.	zachary werth, of san francisco, is a world war ii veteran who served in okinawa, hawaii and saipan, said there was' no evidence of gay life'.
kellie cherie phillips, 38, and jondrew megil lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, are n't in nevada, they may be in the los angeles or oakland, california, areas, north las vegas police officer aaron patty said.	patty told reporters phillips and lachaux were sought for questioning, and that no amber alert or arrest warrant had been issued.	but he stressed that police were worried about the welfare of the five children - a 9-year-old girl and four boys.
julie bishop was starstruck when she caught up with her fashion icon - world-renowned shoemaker jimmy choo, attended by ms bishop.	ms bishop was in perth over the easter holidays to meet wives and partners of sas members.	she is currently in the west australian city to host his first ever masterclass.
sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses.	she alleges her income took a hit because bosses ‘ felt, given her pregnancy, she was no longer a significant long-term player’.	but in 2011 she received £200,000 rather than the £910,000 she claims she was owed.
cordula schacht is suing a publisher for royalties over a biography that used extracts from his diaries.	the dispute comes after peter longerich, a leading authority on the holocaust and nazi germany, drew on the diaries for a biography called goebbels, which was published in germany in 2010.	mr dresen has suggested to schacht in court that royalties could be paid if she were to donate them subsequently to a holocaust charity.
a freight train carrying a dangerous form of ammonia derailed in a rural area of trenton, south carolina on friday night, causing several cars to overturn and leak.	the train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121, near trenton, shortly after 8.30pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks.	it was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air.	however, it is unclear whether the affected cars were the ones holding the dangerous anhydrous ammonia.
britain has overtaken france to become the second biggest economy in europe.	the uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the group of seven industrialised nations and seven times higher than france’s 0.4 per cent.
anthony mann, 78, sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to the details of the mercy killing of his wife janet at their home in nuneaton, warwickshire.	he was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at leamington justice centre today.	as his trial opened, the prosecution outlined how mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife's chest in a moment of impulse.
mother-of-13 annegret raunigk, 65, from berlin, is due to give birth to quadruplets.	she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated.	she is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets – at the age of 65.
trevor brooks is a known associate of islamist firebrand preacher anjem choudary.	the letter adds:' it is also assessed that you intend to travel overseas to syria where you would use this opportunity to engage in terrorism-related activity'.	brooks, 39, was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail.
ed miliband addresses supporters during a visit to crouch end in north london.	mr miliband accused the pm of' ducking' the chance to defend his record.	he has also promised to increase the nhs budget by £8billion a year.
snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease' it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia'.	queensland police say officers were called to the esplanade at surfers paradise on or about march 26, to respond to reports of a large snake spotted at the base of a tree on a footpath.	the officers released the reptile into bushland at the southport spit, but the incident has since sparked an operation by biosecurity queensland officers who say the snake is n't a harmless python.
150 candles have been lit in front of the cathedral where cardinal rainer woelki will lead the service.	co-pilot andreas lubitz is widely blamed for' deliberately' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit.	lubitz previously suffered from severe depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide.
pret a manger's new concept is called' good evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only (for now) at its branch on the strand in london.	pret a manger, which has launched its summer menu, has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie, while pret a manger has gone the hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine.
tuah's parents eve and elijah, both passed away last fall just a few weeks after giving birth.	about 9,000 people visited the zoo saturday, with visitors — some of whom wore' i met tuah' buttons — lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse.
william beggs, 54, known as the limbs in the loch murderer, was described by police at the time of his conviction in 2001 as a' serial killer in the making'.	beggs is serving a life sentence in saughton prison, edinburgh, for raping, murdering and dismembering barry wallace, 18, in 1999.	the teenager's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond and his head was dumped in the sea.	beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the cell attack.
three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo.	only just over half know the duke of wellington led the british forces.	but it seems the message has n't got through to the majority of us.
indonesia's foreign ministry releases statement saying:' the problem is not about the court and the execution, it is about the date of the execution... i have to check what went wrong'.	indonesian president joko widodo and three of his predecessors had previously written to the saudi king asking for the victim's family to forgive zainab.	but the sentence was carried out despite their claims that zainab's family and officials were not given adequate notice or information.
page six claimed flay, 50, has been seeing tirrel, who's 28, for three years and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to stephanie march.	but the celebrity chef's business partner laurence kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims, saying that if flay, 50, had been having an ongoing affair with an employee, he would know about it.
there are a rising number of firms in the us that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp.	there is a rising number of firms in the us that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol, or cbd, taken from hemp.	two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol (thc) - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high - and cannabidiol (cbd).
david cameron said that he was ‘jealous’ of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street.	mr cameron, 48, has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful.	mr farage said he was ‘jealous’ of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street.
report: 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year.	in january this year, four hostages were killed in a paris kosher supermarket.	britain registered 141 violent incidents against jews in 2014, after 95 a year earlier.
rachel simpson, 15, has a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated.	the gata2 gene is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection.
police are believed to have identified one of the men behind the jewel heist in hatton garden.	it was revealed the gang could have been inspired by similar robberies in los angeles in the 1980s.	criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified' startling similarities' between the hatton garden and black echo, by michael connelly.
kate middleton proudly wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana as her engagement ring.	the huge increase in demand for coloured stones, such as sapphires and rubies, has seen their prices soar.	demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years.
the hague is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer's brother and king of holland set up here in 1806.	it has a genteel moat/canal, which encircles the historic centre.	you have to love that kind of dutch logic - though it does n't seem to apply to cyclists'.
pierre fulton is' torn up' about the death of his friend, walter scott, on april 4.	the two men were heading to scott's home on april 4 for a cookout when scott drove him to a church so fulton could collect a bag of vegetables.	but as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in north charleston.
commuter amanda curtis was waiting for the long island railroad at the glen cove station on long island early tuesday.	the rare formation appears to be formed of two double rainbows.	curits posted the image on twitter hoping that it would bring her luck - and the picture was promptly shared hundreds of times.
robert bates, from tulsa, oklahoma, became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead during a botched sting operation on april 2.	the 73-year-old reserve deputy appeared on the today show on friday, where he was flanked by his lawyer and family members.	the interview comes just days after bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter.
new map allows astronomers to' stand' on planetary surfaces.	new map allows scientists to' stand' on planetary surfaces.	could help explain how water flowed across the red planet.
kyle wittstock, 22, died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door.	the paraglider was swept into a garage door of a house on linksman street in yanchep, perth, by a strong wind at approximately 3.30pm on monday afternoon.	kyle wittstock, 22, died on monday afternoon along with several photos of his new daughter and the slogan' family is everything'.
the light sculpture was unveiled in the piazza de fidele on tuesday as part of milan design week.	it walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car's conception.	ford has refused to confirm its price, bosses have indicated it will run alongside the £260,000 lamborghini aventador.
the girl, who has not been named but attends school in san dimas, california, is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service.	the posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages.	one says:' that smile! i ca n't wait till its [ sic ] sic'.
pippa middleton has been slammed for' promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry’'.	she's pictured here at the 2014 gq men of the year awards in london.	the 31-year-old, who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer, has told of eating minke whale – even though it is largely banned.
nick weller told the daily examiner he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets.	the fight broke out inside roches family hotel late friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road.
amanda lukoff, from arlington, virginia, teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website indiegogo.	the director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c. mcginley and glee actress lauren potter.
france has joined italy and israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry.	the health reforms, which include fining agencies employing models with a bmi under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content, have now passed through the upper house of parliament.
almost half of 1,000 british companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight.	among the reasons given were that overweight workers' are unable to play a full role in the business',' they're lazy', and' they would n't be able to do the job required'.
sean donohoe, 30, from wilnecote, tamworth, plundered the elderly woman's accounts before spending tens of thousands on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos and hmv.	he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits, before secretly taking out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary.	judge francis laird qc said donohoe abused the woman's trust in' every conceivable way'.
the mother of jihadi bride khadijah dare has issued a plea for her to return home.	she also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout christian as a child but turned to islam while at college.	dare, who is in syria, is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a westerner.
ferrari driver was left counting the cost in adelaide after crashing his newly-purchased, uninsured sports car into a tree on wednesday night.	the passenger was badly injured after the driver of the ferrari, reportedly purchased only a week ago, smashed into a tree in the adelaide suburb of north brighton.
george costello jr is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges.	he also has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in palm beach detention center.	iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport.
ford open prison in arundel, sussex, was revealed to have the worst record for prison escapes.	his disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out of the prison in arundel, sussex.	one of the escapees from the 500-inmate jail, is violent killer robert donovan, 57.
ed miliband initially suggested he would' abolish' the non-domicile status on wednesday should his party take power in the general election on may 7.	but it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.
robert hardy is selling off his collection of antiques including a diorama of the battle of agincourt.	the star, known for appearing in all creatures great and playing winston churchill several times, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career.	tolkien and is now an expert on the longbow.
joshua van haften, 34, of madison, was arrested wednesday night at o'hare international airport in chicago.	the criminal complaint, which had been under seal since oct. 28, alleges that van haften talked to people about his plan before leaving the united states in august for istanbul.	the complaint cites facebook posts from van haften that said he was unable to cross the border from turkey into syria.
a university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory.	it suggests temperatures at earth's equator were -40°c (-40°f) 2.4 billion years ago.	it suggests that the entire earth was subjected to a ‘ deep freeze’, with the oceans turning into ice 1,000ft (300 metres) thick.
dubai has a rapidly developing cultural underside.	it's a melting pot of decadence in the middle east with year-round sunshine, some of the best hotels on the planet, and shopping opportunities to seriously damage the credit card.
winston churcill is pictured gives his' victory' sign as, wearing his famed curchillian hat, he made a polling day tour of his constituency during the election in 1945.	he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board - but some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two.	churchill was the conservative candidate for woodford, essex, but lost in the elections.
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany-based firm esooka.	it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists.	the £1.49 ($1.99) ios app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation.
lloyd byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old leighann duffy.	he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife.	he burst into her flat in walthamstow, east london, on september 1 last year.	after pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by judge nicholas cooke who told him he may never be released.
eiffel tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures.	the nationwide strike follows action by french air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday.	signs were placed at the foot of the tower to ensure' tourists do n't hang around for nothing'.
emily reay, 17, has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter.	claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years.	but now teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons.
mohamed badie and 13 other defendants were jailed for life.	the defendants found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling cairo protest camp.	judge mohamed nagy shehata, known for his harsh rulings in cases involving the muslim brotherhood, also sentenced to life in prison.
brown signs are set up to show tourists where to find an area’s finest attractions.	so visitors to dornoch’s golf course or the sutherland town’s historic cathedral were surprised instead to be pointed in the direction of some toilets, the local gp... and an abattoir.	the tweet then quickly drew a series of facetious online comments.
glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college.	she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005.	her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
michele leonhart testifies before the house committee on sexual harassment and misconduct allegations.	her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information.	the dea declined to comment today on the reports by cbs and cnn leonhart.
the body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor phil primmer, who reportedly died after collapsing on thursday.	the chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son shannan and his young daughter miami.	mr primmer won the 2012 and 2013 national amateur body building association’s southern hemisphere championships in the men’s class two division.
the u.s. spends $4billion (£2.7billion) a year on unnecessary medical costs.	it is made up of $2.8bn resulting from false-positive mammograms and another $1.2bn attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis -treatment of tumors that grow slowly or not at all and are unlikely to develop into life-threatening disease.
david cameron has admitted he will have failed as tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election.	he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding:' if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded.	' david cameron has admitted he will have failed as tory leader if he does not win a majority at the next election.
gemma redhead believed her ordeal was over after her attacker was jailed.	but as she attempted to rebuild her life, the young mother had a sickening reminder of the attack – from the man who carried it out.	miss redhead said the 46-second call ‘ reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack’'.
lorenzo simon, 34, forced victim michael spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer.	he then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put mr spalding's body parts and tools into two suitcases.	bird was found guilty of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender following the four-week trial.	it was examined by a canal trust contractor on may 12, who opened the case to discover the gruesome evidence.
russia has key interests in common with the united states, needs to work with it on a common agenda.	russian president vladimir putin said on saturday in a television interview.	putin appeared to soften his anti-american rhetoric after being highly critical.
mandy dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the north yorkshire moors.	67-year-old kenneth ward, 67, was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences.	ward was jailed for exposing himself to her in 2011, was released from prison and allowed to return to his home.
soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in an emotional ceremony at prowse point cemetery in belgium.	little has been discovered about the soldiers, as no relatives have been found, and their graves will be labelled as ‘ known unto god'.
ocean spray cranberry classic juice drink was found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml.	children under ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks.	some cans of fizzy drinks contain almost twice the recommended daily sugar limit.
the oshun café will serve £6 bowls of brazilian superfood acai berries.	the native acai berry bowl is topped with bananas, granola, raisin and honey.	oshun kong (left) made with coriander, ginger, lemongrass and sprinkled with sesame seeds.
rosemary taylor, communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia, made the' racist' remark to hired photographer nelson jones at the local cherry blossom festival two weeks ago.	after witnessing mr jones capture a test shot of models dominique jackson, 18, and 19-year-old khamlee vongvone at the event, she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls.	she reportedly told him:' this is not the image i want for the city of brookhaven'.
francis pusok spoke for the first time on monday, four days after he was beaten by cops in footage taken from a helicopter.	his girlfriend of 13 years, jolene bindner, pictured at pusok's house on thursday, after he fled his southern california home when they tried to arrest him for identity theft charges.	in an interview with nbc 4 on monday, pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for'99 per cent'.
timothy eli thompson was born without any nasal passages or sinus cavities.	his mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote his story.	the story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints, wkrg reported.	eli's parents, brandi mcglathery (left) and troy thompson are raising money for him on gofundme.
robert bates, 73, appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris, who was killed during a botched sting on april 2.	the 73-year-old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on april 2.	bates has previously visited the bahamas with the sheriff, stanley glanz, and another reserve deputy and paid for part of glanz's trip.
dawn arrived on 6 march, the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet, and is now preparing for the key science phase of the mission.	the images have not yet revealed what the mystery ‘ bright spots’ on the surface of the world are, which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike.	the spacecraft is currently on the side of the planet that is located in the asteroid belt, making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system.
mike keen, the labour leader's cousin, said he was' officially confused' over whether or not the party was actually promising to scrap non-dom rules.	mr miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would' abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms, but in january ed balls said it would cost the country money.	mr miliband argues that non-dom tests' are not very rigorous'.
author david spielgalhalter, a cambridge university professor, sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality.	it's a must-read for anyone fascinated by who really does what statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week.
report to the french government is urging eateries and customers to embrace' le doggy bag' in a bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year.	socialist mp guillaume garot said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food.	chefs in france have treated takeaway bags with contempt.
kenyan elite troops were called in from nairobi to garissa, some 225miles from the capital, to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university.	the critique comes as one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a kenyan government official.	kenya's elite recce company in nairobi were called in as soon as the first reports of thursday's attack emerged.
david cameron worked up a sweat as he made a visit to poole in dorset and sunny bristol.	it was uncomfortably hot and mr cameron was looking straight into a merciless, piercing, armpit-moistening sun.	prime ministerial upper lip was soon glistening.
u.s. district judge lance africk set a trial date for june 22.	durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center.	he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana.
turia pitt pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head, burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind.	as a crack team of surgeons from the australian charity, interplast, worked last march to save the sight of little baby seng from vientiane, laos, inspirational burns survivor turia pitt watched on.	turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big, brown eyes.
the force awakens released its trailer on thursday to a packed audience at california's anaheim convention center.	harrison ford appears as han solo alongside chewbacca.	if it's really good, it could cross $2 billion without blinking.
robert penny, 83, of malvern east, briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday.	he is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland on may 3, 1991.	margaret penny was murdered in a hair salon in portland, victoria on may 3, 1991.
espn sports reporter britt mchenry has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should' lose some weight, baby girl', adding' i'm on television and you're in a f -- -ing trailer, honey'.	but according to her blog, mchenry tells her readers she is' taking a stand' against' sexist' commercials that focus on' appearance alone'.
ava gardner called 34 ennismore gardens her' little london retreat'.	she was the second wife of crooner frank sinatra, moved to london.	she made 34 ennismore gardens her primary residence for over 20 years.	she starred in films such as the killers, 55 days at peking and the night of the iguana.
lily james, the british star of disney’s new blockbuster cinderella, has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery.	from £3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily’s very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming’s bulging wallet.
two men and one woman can be seen entering a san fernando valley home in the mid-afternoon.	the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face.	police believe the three burglars were 17 to 20 years old.
suzy howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children english.	embarrassed husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook.	teacher wrote in red:' i think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house'.
timothy rogalski, from wallingford, connecticut, called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone.	the fifth time he called, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead.	authorities traced the calls back to the home rogalski shares with his father, about 40 miles from where the 2012 attack unfolded, and he was arrested.
iona costello, 51, and her daughter emily, from greenport, were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village.	their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.	the pair often go to shows and museums in new york city, but relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break.	while trips into new york were fairly normal, emily being out of school is not.
officer clarence haberdashem searches walter scott's handcuffed body in the immediate aftermath of the shooting.	seven of slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed walter scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back.	one officer is also present when slager picks up an object - allegedly his taser - and puts it near scott's body.
study found that britons selling their properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine.	buyers must now treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices, it is claimed.	sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000.
ed miliband visited a christian group in croydon on the latest stop o his campaign trail.	he bowed his head while church leaders' put their hands forward towards ed' as they prayed for him in croydon.	last year mr miliband described himself as a' jewish atheist', but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes.
albert and bernard just became friends with cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is.	cheryl gives them a list of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad.
helen dunn, 78, was n't ever expecting to relive her daring past, but was surprised when she opened a copy of the sunday mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back.	the mother-of-two and grandmother, from stourbridge, west midlands, was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads' mag from 1955.	the 78-year-old wears an off-the-shoulder top, and her stockings are in full display.
charlie kwentus, 42, from webster groves, missouri, was granted his dying wish by the annie's hope bereavement center for kids.	the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.	tear-jerking' wife says she still finds it difficult to comprehend the chain of events.
prince george's brother or sister could be called sam - after the jockey that helped the duke and duchess of cambridge rekindle their romance.	the 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed' the royal matchmaker' after he helped the couple rekindle their romance during their brief split in 2007.
xiao ying, 17, was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city by a cleaner, prompting its managers to start searching for the mother.	they found xiao ying, 17, working on the production line – but she completely denied giving birth to the child.
david cameron announced plans to give millions of workers three days paid leave.	the prime minister said he will amend the working times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor.	business leaders criticised the move as heavy-handed government intervention', amid doubts about how the policy would be paid for.
hillary clinton shaped state department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation.	the claims against clinton, secretary of state from 2009-13, are laid out in clinton cash, due to be published may 5th by harpercollins.
latika bourke had a blissfully happy childhood running around care-fee with her seven siblings in their backyard in regional australia.	the film was nothing short of life-changing for latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the slums of india.	latika was shown the only record of her time there as a baby - latika was very moved by the entry log with two photos of her as a baby.
property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017.	in a new report, goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration.
keith boudreau, 42, of quincy was pronounced dead on friday morning.	he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at home ice sports bar late last month.	officials said he died from his injuries.	paul fahey, 43, allegedly beat boudreau for just staring in his direction during the' unprovoked attack'.
qantas is the first to introduce virtual reality headsets to its passengers.	passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft.	the system, designed by in-flight entertainment company flow ife, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination.
robin ellis shot to fame in the seventies as the original dashing hero ross poldark.	he was as much a heart throb as aidan turner, star of the hugely successful bbc remake of the cornish epic that concludes on sunday.
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart's throat as his friend billy flynn, shot him in the head.	flynn was pamela smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband in the head.	flynn testified that she told him she needed her husband killed because she feared she would lose everything if they divorced.
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane.	the decoration was first seen at the royal wedding in 2011 when trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in westminster abbey.	there is less than 48 hours now until the scottish tennis champion and his girlfriend exchange vows in his hometown.
angelo west, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer john moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range after approaching a driver who was stopped during a gunfire investigation.	west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street.	west then immediately jumps out of the car and shoots moynihan in the face at close range.
scotland yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on good friday, but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks.	meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming' greedy'.	residents on greville street say they had suspicious power outages a full week before the heist, which they now think could be linked.
the cyclone strength winds currently battering the nsw coast are being caused by an intense low-pressure system known as an east coast low.	east coast lows are particularly common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter.	they are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding.	east coast lows draw strong, moisture-laden winds across the coast.
superior court judge orlando hudson jr. said craig hicks is' death penalty qualified' after he was charged with first-degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students in durham, north carolina, can face a death penalty trial.	hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students.	prosecutors said hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon.	police say barakat was shot in the head near the entrance to his condo.
kealeigh-anne woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind.	she spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011.	police arrested heath, now 43, last september and yesterday he was jailed for three years.
an unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at coachella wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the words' eat sleep rape repeat'.	the snapshot, which shows the man giving the peace sign as he flaunts his controversial shirt at the festival held in indio, california, sparked outrage after it was shared on twitter on sunday.
conrad clitheroe is in a cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro.	the 54-year-old's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication.	none of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred.
lisa morgan, 40, altered the top of the world roofing site to expose her cheating ex boyfriend sean meade, 45, to claim he had been unfaithful.	visitors to the top of the world roofing website are told it has' ceased trading at present' as the boss was' unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again'.	but she said she grew suspicious when he started to stay out all night.	she said she checked his phone bill and found calls to another woman.
paypal said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers.	the next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ‘antiquated’ ways of confirming your identity, such as fingerprint scanning.
holiday-makers beach, a popular bay of plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore, swimming around in only a few feet of water.	onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler as it eventually swam away.
chris ball made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life.	the chilling song' goodbye my lover' by james blunt is playing in the background, the distressing three-minute footage shows chris ball repeatedly saying that no one should take the blame for his disease and expressing his unconditional love for his mother, four siblings and his girlfriend.	chris starts off saying to the camera that this could be his last goodbye and then tells no one to blame themselves because' depression is a disease and i'm pretty weak-hearted - it does n't take much for me to get emotional'.
teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos, music festivals, youtube and rap music under the latest gcse shake-up.	some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film.	others will look at spanish tweets on the olympic games.
former virginia gov.	bob mcdonnell was convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams.	her attorneys argued that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.	mcdonnell and her husband, former gov.	bob mcdonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams.
scientists at the university of sheffield identified six different types of obese person.	there are six different types of obese person they are.	researchers at the university of sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity.
study by goldsmiths university of london and ohio state university studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries.	more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research.	genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children’s motivation to learn.
andrew o'clee, 36, hid his secret second family from his first wife and has been jailed for eight months.	but michelle, 39, uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on the social networking site.	serial cheat o'clee had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in a fraud case and had been put into the witness protection programme which meant he had to live in a' safe house'.
samantha says she thinks she's' fabulous'.	i sprung out of bed this morning and examined myself in the full-length bedroom mirror.	it's hardly a big surprise the survey discovered 96 per cent of women chose the' average' option.
ralph cramer, 70, and his wife, lynn, 59, were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy at 9 p.m. on sunday when the accident occurred.	first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash.	ralph cramer, 70, and his wife, lynn, 59, were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy at about 9 p.m. on sunday when the accident occurred.
several dea agents were taking part in alleged' sex parties' with prostitutes.	dea report released by house committee on oversight and government reform.	democratic representative elijah cummings said at the hearing,' literally dozens of parties with prostitutes'.
police that everardo custodio, 22, was firing into a crowd of people in the chicago neighborhood logan square about 11.50pm friday when an uber driver witnessing incident produced his own firearm.	the driver - a 47-year-old man from the little italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at custodio, striking him multiple times.	police have not yet released a motive for everado's shooting.
investigators have now rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote indonesian island after returning to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind.	the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina.	those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
tony lopez lozano, 35, was charged with the august 2013 murder of his boyfriend, brian romo, after an argument at their oregon city home.	lozano claimed that he was' very intoxicated' when he killed romo and ktvz reports, the fight came after a night of drinking at their home in the city's south end neighborhood.	lozano apologized to the victim's family during the sentencing but told tapia that she was abusive and he was glad he'd never see her again.
chief executive george whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready.	he said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works ‘better’.	its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014.
unnamed driver pulled out a dagger and stabbed the car's bonnet before she made her way back to the red ute.	moments later, the red ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road.	when the red ute pulled in front of the vehicle at a red light, three young people got out to confront the threatened driver.
dermatologist dawn marie davies warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes.	those compelled by a desire for bronzed skin are also at risk of catching a sexually transmitted infection - herpes.
the body of sarah fox, 27, was found by police on thursday night.	her mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away.	merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.	merseyside police have issued a photograph of mr fox.
william tyrrell was last seen dressed in a spider-man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in a quiet street in kendall last september.	the 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in january and march, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix william's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished.	police have returned to the home of bill spedding for the third time this year.
jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme from'90s television sitcom' the fresh prince of bel-air'.	the clip, which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube.	parents said "we're ready for grandkids, get a move on it!"
the footage was taken last monday in forrestville in northern sydney.	the truck driver was behind the wheel of an ac & s truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small subaru car.	mr honna was driving the car, his mate mr rose was filming the menacing incident on his phone.
researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent.	they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations.
aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual ultimate guy search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor.	he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway, who clinched the top spot last year.	competition aims to find a man' who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'.
cathryn parker, 72, has been living as 74 different people, mainly hollywood production staffers.	after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation.	police started to investigate parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name.
sue sim said she was' sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.	it was announced last month that ms sim was to be investigated by her police and crime commissioner's office for alleged misconduct.
premier league stars steven gerrard, theo walcott and phil jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter.	the players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday.	this comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning twitter into an advertising platform.
christine lagarde, the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund, left, in a pink chanel suit and plaid cymru's leanne wood, who chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last thursday.	the pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink.
stacey eden, 23, stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter' bullying' the sydney commuter on an airport line train about 1.40pm on wednesday.	ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing.	mr bhatti said another woman nearby supported the woman, and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home.	he also said his wife was' very shaken up' after the incident.
carlos santolalla, 22, and john tuite, 22, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency.	they say it has n't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves.
shezoy bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am.	copeland's wife katrine saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular new york club 1 oak.	copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a switchblade and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow.
kim hill, from suffolk, has bravely waived her right to anonymity and spoken about how she was abused by derek osborne from the age of four.	she was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie at the age of eight, and was even made to watch pornographic films.	kim bottled up the painful memories until she met her husband rob, 34, who guessed that she had been abused as a child due to her withdrawn nature.
kim credited her husband for' introducing' her to the fashion world and added that she wants their daughter to follow in their footsteps and be confident in what she wears.	kim, who is pictured with her smiling daughter north west, revealed that the 22-month-old will inherit her entire wardrobe when she gets older.
poundland has become europe's largest single-price discount retailer.	the company, which began as a single shop in burton-on-trent 25 years ago, has become europe's largest single-price discount retailer, with a trial expansion into spain currently underway.	profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps the rewards from its 547 uk stores and 41 shops in ireland.
abc's world news tonight evening has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years.	nbc's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the iraq war in 2003.	nbc's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers.
jason edward harrington claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints across the united states and staff routinely bend the rules to get their hands on passengers.	his comments follow revelations that two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights.
matthew whelan, 35, from birmingham says his unusual looks have made it difficult to find work.	mr whelan, who officially changed his name to king of inkland king body art the extreme ink-ite - has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings.
nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres.	they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater (shown).	but experts are still at a loss to explain the composition and source of the bright spots.
swiss researchers measured the temperature of' hot jupiter' hd 189733b.	they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°c in the atmosphere.	wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour.	it is located in the constellation vulpecula in the night sky - also known as the ‘ little fox’.
at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15am on saturday.	the driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station early on saturday morning and set the vehicle on fire.	the man's grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson, abc 7 reported.
dashcam footage shows officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock.	as they beep their horns the animal, named big boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road.	despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
apple ceo tim cook said the company’s eagerly anticipated watch as ‘ the most personal device we’ve ever created’.	the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk, which used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment.	the glass is made from synthetic sapphire, which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder.
hollywood actress carey mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia.	miss mulligan has revealed her anger at how dismissively dementia sufferers are treated.	mrs booth was once a gifted piano player and a geography teacher.
annegret raunigk, from berlin, is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her:' i want to have a little brother or sister'.	freya has often asked her mother if she could have a brother or sister and as a result, sue revealed that she did consider it.	she said:' she has 13 children already, in my case i had n't had any.	i do n't sit in judgement of anyone else'.
gary barlow is preparing for his musical finding neverland to open and the new take that tour to begin.	gary barlow, mark owen and howard donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in glasgow on april 27 - gary has revealed to mailonline that jason will be cheering on his former bandmates.
cle' bone' sloan told police suge knight growled' i'll kill you'.	police say that was the moment before knight killed terry carter and tried to kill sloan by running over them.	knight, the co-founder of death row records, has denied killing terry carter and trying to kill cle' bone' sloan in a parking lot in compton on january 18.
victoria police said there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry and one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs.	156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on victoria's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice.	156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on victoria's roads in the past year alone.
four in ten britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it.	four in ten britons have an average £77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it.
petr tancos (left) and sister ruzena tancosova are on trial for people trafficking in plymouth.	jury heard how the workers were kept under duress amid fears for the safety of their families back home and sent to work in dog food factories, food plants and car washes in plymouth, devon.	but they were made to give over all their wages, forced to eat outside during the winter and do housework to pay off' loans' for their board and passage.
zeynab daghastani, 13, was shot dead on the evening of april 7 last week.	she tried to make her way from yarmouk to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the syrian army.	she also revealed that activists and relief workers were also being targeted by isis.
holly beard, 24, and steve hancock, 27, from adderley green, staffordshire, tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in january last year.	but holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat.
penny is hard pushed to find fault with her week in the maldives.	the view from the sea plane is like a turquoise lava lamp as lagoons meet the ocean with swirls and circles of staggering beauty.
the scandinavian brand, which opened its first uk store in westfield stratford, london, on march 27, has also brought in 22-year-old german model toni garrn and ethiopia-born liya kebede, 37.	the models have been selected thanks to their work doing good things outside of the fashion world.	lindex is selling limited-edition # superrolemodel t-shirts to help raise money for christy's charity, every mother counts.
prince william and prince harry tried to get their personal chef to cook them pizza by forging a note to him, it emerged yesterday.	former royal chef darren mcgrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food.	william and harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional english food so wanted a change.
the plan, called the mole urban project, aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres.	the development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns, although it is still a long way from fruition.
jodie bredo, 26, from essex, has been a professional kate lookalike for six years.	admits that she fancies prince harry more than william.	jodie, 26, is now single after splitting from her boyfriend.
britain's obsession with home ownership could be hindering the nation’s economic recovery.	families in the uk are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations.	soaring house prices have pushed up household debt in britain in recent years.
aidan fraley said his father's killer should have been in a retirement home.	the bereaved teenage son of a tulsa man shot and killed by a 73-year-old volunteer deputy says his father's killer should never have been on a police force.	meanwhile, his own mother -- who calls harris her' soulmate' -- has already forgiven his killer.
trade union firebrand's manner was as warm as the weather.	the famously militant leader of unite asked me with a grin that was more genial than menacing.	but that did not stop' red' len mccluskey giving me the time of day.
norma esparza, 45, pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case.	she says van intimidated her into identifying the murder victim, gonzalo ramirez.	van is now charged with the murder of ramirez.	prosecutors allege van and friends kidnapped and beat ramirez.
new app has come up with the perfect solution - talk through your problems with total strangers instead.	newly launched app allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users.	so now you can ask those taboo questions without blushing.
raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.	the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes, cans of fizzy fanta orange and a portable music speaker.	this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days.
transgender model andreja pejic posed for photographer patrick demarchelier for a spread in vogue.	she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem ‘special’ or ‘interesting’ once she completed her transition into a woman.	andreja noted that there were people who warned her not to transition.
burger king will be paying the expenses and providing gifts for the wedding of joel burger and ashley king.	the couple has been known as burger-king since they were in the fifth grade together, in new berlin, illinois.
comres survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the prime minister than that of ed miliband during the election campaign.	it also suggests education secretary nicky morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in loughborough.
us scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that does n't pollute the environment like fossil fuels.	the breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
lisa mcelroy, 50, teaches legal writing at drexel university.	sent the message on march 31 under the subject line:' great article on writing briefs'.	when recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'.
church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations who have been reprimanded for using the word anzac.	the church used the brand in an attempt to raise $10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in auckland in new zealand.	woolworths also caused controversy for overlaying its logo and' fresh in our memories' on photographs of war veterans.	woolworths was also forced to apologise after its marketing campaign caused a social media storm.
gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks.	cctv showed the men took the birds to a tower block in walsall, west midlands.	the birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and even chased by a dog, walsall magistrates heard.
dawn milosky charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle.	officers mark ehrenberg and ricky ferriola arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 toyota solara convertible, which had been turned upside down.	when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver, it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash.
marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday.	it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years.	officials say it's not immediately clear would be done with the decomposing carcass after the examination.
jessica silva's ex partner james polkinghorne sent her a text message threatening to' cave her f***ing head in' and' bash the f***' out of her before arriving at her marrickville home fuelled on' ice' on mothers day in 2012.	ms silva called her brother to explain to him why she had to kill his son three years ago.
the world's largest cattle station in south australia covers over 100,000 square kilometres.	the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co.	all of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is for sale in anna creek south australia.
waheed ahmed, the 21-year-old son of a labour councillor, has been held at birmingham airport after returning for trying to sneak into syria with eight members of his family.	they were among eight relatives stopped at the turkish border with syria on april 1 with university student waheed ahmed.	the group is understood to include waheed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and two of their children.
michelle obama is seen leaving in an suv with her mother, marian robinson.	the two sat down for a meal at lupa, a small italian eatery on thompson street.	batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the' chef's roman tasting menu'.
aeman presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in dekalb county and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur.	presley is set to appear in front of a dekalb county judge today and district attorneys in both dekalb county and fulton county have said they will seek the death penalty.	an investigator for the fulton county district attorney's office detailed presley's slide and eventual turn to violence in court documents.
alanna and stephan goetzinger's third daughter lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012.	the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was' grossly inadequate'.	but in a move many people would find extraordinary, the couple refuses to blame the midwife.	coroner james mcdougall said that the midwife failed to prepare for the rana's birth, allowed the delivery to take place in' unsafe conditions'.
tipu sultan has been named locally as a takeaway boss who has shot dead outside his shop in south shields.	emergency services found mr sultan, 32, was originally from bangladesh with a gunshot wound and he was pronounced dead at the scene.	witnesses report seeing two men wearing dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area in the direction of lizard lane.
neil moore, 28, was on remand at wandsworth prison in south-west london.	he emailed wardens posing as court clerk manager at' southwalk crown court'.	it allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on march 10 last year.	moore's escape only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him and discovered he was gone, london's southwark crown court heard.
vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres.	the company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow spacex' launch of falcon 9, which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable.	vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres.
more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs.	second children are left with hand-me-downs and £500 less spent on them in their first year of life.	doubtless the latest addition to the duke and duchess of cambridge's family.
cassandra cassidy was shot as she tried to help two women afraid of men in a car' outside a rehab centre.	she worked shortly after 10pm on friday by two females' afraid of males in a car'.	women later told police they had been afraid of two men in a car down the street.
kim sears wore a somber expression as she saw her husband-to-be andy murray lose to novak djokovic in yesterday's men's final at the miami open, in an outfit almost identical to two others she wore during the tournament.	the 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on april 11.
jackson county chief circuit judge thomas wilson told' monster' james tingley of michigan' the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet.	they wo n't have to go through the victimization that the victims went through here,' wilson told tingley.	tingley reports that james tingley was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period.
university of kentucky fans watch the game saturday night on a projector set up in a backyard.	the wildcats faced off against the university of wisconsin badgers in saturday night's semi-final game, breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss.	now, its wisconsin heading to monday's final to play duke - their first final since 1941.
house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation.	properties are advertised on a number of websites, including trustedhousesitters.com, which charges a membership fee of £5.99 a month.	canadian bloggers dalene and peter heck were recognised with an award from national geographic.
gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the indian ocean.	the distinguished star in yala national park is the ‘ prince of the night’ – the leopard.	we watched in awe as an extended family ambled across our track.
mai mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in western melbourne.	hours earlier her grandson, alistair, 4, was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed.	chinese tourist cai xia liao, 45, charged with their murder.
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job in an interview on radio 4's feedback programme.	the controller of bbc radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result.
keir starmer, who ran the crown prosecution service for five years, was in charge when operation elveden began its tainted' witch hunt' into tabloid journalists.	starting with dawn raids on suspects' homes, mass arrests and long periods of bail, it ended in not guilty verdicts – and will now prompt a fresh examination of the tenure of the most controversial dpp of modern times.
mario valencia captured walking along a street in marana, northwest of tucson, carrying what appears to be a rifle.	he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out.	seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body.
hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate'370h55v' - after the texan department for motor vehicles saw it spelled'a**hole' upside-down.	the authority has written mr hassan a letter explaining that the license plate would be cancelled in a month, writing:' it has been determined that the personalization is offensive'.
april morris of bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, nina louise, again after she went astray in december 2013.	but this past saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news.	morris called the local humane society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots in the fur behind her head.
angela merkel and her husband, chemistry professor joachim sauer, are spotted on their annual easter trip to the island of ischia, near naples in the mediterranean for over a decade.	mrs merkel's husband, a professor of theoretical chemistry, is rarely seen alongside her and has shunned the limelight throughout their marriage.
the royal county of berkshire polo club has quickly become one of britain's most elite sporting venues since it was founded in 1982.	it's attracted royals and celebrities including prince william and harry, actress stephanie powers and rolling stone bill wyman.	but attempts to cash in on this elite status by launching a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered.
mei ru, 50, and her husband song ming, 53, were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in fujian province, south east china.	cctv from the scene shows mr ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses, knocking him to the ground.	song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save his life, but he died from broken ribs and massive internal bleeding, doctors said.
nigel farage caused controversy at the televised leaders’ debate last week by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in britain.	half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free hiv treatment, a poll suggests.	ed miliband said he was ‘ not going to dignify that with a response.
britons apparently spend £815million a year to ‘ social media proof’ their wardrobe.	the research into the rise of the'insta-wardrobe', which polled 2,000 adults, revealed nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in the same outfit.	brits spend £815m a year to' social media proof' their wardrobe.
claudia alende, 21, came second in last year's beauty pageant.	she posted a photograph of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary on good friday.	miss carvalho posted the picture to her instagram account on good friday.
charles collins, 28, sprang into action at the metro station in central philadelphia when elderly alfred mcnamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails.	surveillance footage of the dramatic incident shows collins, who was walking ahead of mcnamee, turn round when he hears him fall.	he walks to the edge of the platform of the septa (southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority subway's 15th street station, jumps down and helps mcnamee to escape.
valbona yzeiraj was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment.	authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from white plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth.
steve esmond and his wife, dr theresa devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john.	the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.	sean, 16, and ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
study has found it may make your brain larger, too.	physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain.	changes in the brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling.
black vases will be on sale after christmas and pink after valentine's day.	femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be.	but there's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day.
jeremy clarkson hosting a previous edition of have i got news for you later this month.	it is believed he was booked to appear on the comedy programme before he was dropped from top gear after a' fracas' with producer oisin tymon, one of the show's producers, over a steak dinner.	clarkson was sacked from top gear after punching producer oisin tymon, after a row over a steak dinner.
gary saurage, 45, runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont, texas.	he was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond.
michelle obama likes to keep a busy schedule and wednesday was no exception as the first lady combined an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening.	the first lady was on hand to present 15-time grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy's recording artists' coalition award for her ongoing contribution to popular music.
two grand pianos flown in for entertainment and a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day.	the live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits to a group of guests’ personal tastes and cost £1,700 to hire.	it cost £3,700 for the grand pianos to be delivered.
khim hang, 22, displayed his bold collection han with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.	hang (front right) collaborated with fashion blogger margaret zhang (pictured with models) for the runway show.
manchester city fans were filmed singing a vile song about the munich air disaster outside old trafford.	the clip, uploaded to youtube, looks to have been taken after sunday's manchester derby which united won 4-2.	it shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart.
pj and tracy spraggins lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney to his wife.	after a year of grueling dieting and exercise, pj was given the green light to undergo surgery.	she was placed on the transplant list in 2013 - just a few months after her sister, who also had lupus, died following complications from a kidney transplant.
jerusalem is a city that conjures up a sense of the holy, the historical and heavenly.	but for a small percentage, their excitement induced by their close proximity to holy landmarks invokes a rare condition known as jerusalem syndrome.	it is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness.
snp leader used a bbc tv debate on thursday night to offer to ‘ lock david cameron out of downing street’ – even if labour has fewer seats than the tories in a hung parliament.	ed miliband yesterday refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the snp if its mps hold the balance of power for the first time.
laura stevens' photo series' another november' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship.	the british photographer, 38, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up.
manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night's texas rangers game.	the pair appear to remain very much an item, but crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems.	crowley has amassed more than 130,000 followers since becoming johnny football’s girlfriend.
hundreds of thousands of people who bought british gas shares are in line for a windfall after their investment soared in value last night.	the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ‘ tell sid’ advertising campaign when british gas was privatised.	shares in what is now called the bg group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p.
the woman, named only as ms zhao, has enough food to last for a year.	husband yin yunfeng spent a week cooking all sorts of stir-fried dishes.	he also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife.
the fire threatened hundreds of homes near the southern california dam.	the fire along the border of cities norco and corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles, resulted in hundreds of people to being told to evacuate the are area over the weekend.
former kayak world champion and two-time olympic medalist nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer, resisting police and escaping custody.	the 39-year-old, who was already facing serious drug charges, was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on easter friday.	newscorp reported the powder was found on a phone owned by mr baggaley.
pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses.	the 31-year-old sister of the duchess of cambridge looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of london.
neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there.	in its place, two new houses have been built, completely wiping number 20 from the map.	the two identical houses come with a garden, shed and new solar panels on the roof.
aubrey de grey says ageing is a' disease that can and should be cured'.	with his rasputin beard and lines etched deep into his forehead, aubrey de grey looks like a man a lot older than his 51 years.
israel's president reuven rivlin pauses after laying a wreath during a ceremony marking the holocaust remembrance day at yad vashem holocaust memorial in jerusalem.	the two-minute silence is observed by the entire country, the young and old taking a moment to reflect on the atrocities visited on jews.
ten-week-old qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china.	she and her husband fed their daughter then went to work near their house in haimen city, eastern china.	but ms li could not stop thinking about her daughter so returned home after just ten minutes.	recovering from the surgery but is suffering from a fever that is concerning her doctors.
flashgap, all photos and videos taken using the app are added to a hidden album that only becomes visible the following day.	photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears.
instagram jacques lamerde is dressing up junk food as fine dining.	account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations.
the two primates, currently living in a lab at stony brook university, are the first animals to be granted the same rights as human prisoners.	the decision by new york supreme court justice barbara jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans.
charnelle hughes, 20, was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston reading a text message, when she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass.	the culprit jordan goode, also aged 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly.	charnelle hughes, who was left scarred, swollen and fearing she might lose her right eye.	she now has to see a facial specialist and has been warned that her facial features might drop.
chloe knapton, from holmfirth, west yorkshire, had to have surgery after a man shattered her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam.	the 21-year-old dancer has released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman's injuries.	ms knapton's family has now released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman's injuries.
delroy facey, 34, is alleged to have become involved in the' ugly side' of his sport by acting as a middleman for two men who have already been convicted of match-fixing.	facey, who also played for west bromwich albion and hull city, denies conspiracy to commit bribery.	he is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches.
the italian coast guard involved in a operation to rescue migrants off the coast of sicily on april 14.	it was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat making the perilous trip from north africa to italy.	charity save the children said the capsized boat was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.
eric coins, who was drinking in the city of sunrise posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women.	the stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as coins tells the man:' there are people who f****** die in that uniform.	' in the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training.
lauren perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy, and doctors feared the worst.	her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks.	mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed, in what his mother described as a' pretty routine operation'.
ulysses nelson, 39, of texas, gunned down ulysses nelson tuesday night after showing up at the family's home in katy with his mistress in tow.	deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 gordon drive in the bear creek meadows subdivision.	beaudoin had pulled up to the house in his ford suv and went inside.
there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia.	this marks the beginning of the middle stage, the longest stage, which can last for several years.	in the early stages of dementia, it's the short-term memory that's most affected.
christopher eccleston has suggested he quit the show after falling out with show bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent.	the 51-year-old actor, who grew up in manchester, played the doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show’s revival in 2005.
rejean hermel perron has been charged with holding a woman captive for five days and subjecting her to multiple sexual assaults.	the 27-year-old sex trade worker emerged from a home in toronto, canada, bound by handcuffs, badly bruised and naked from the waist down begging for help.	she told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep.
ecuador's leader rafael correa posed for a picture next to a boy wearing an' i'm with stupid' t-shirt.	the picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country.	it is now trending with the hashtag # iamwithstupidmashi, referring to official twitter account of the president @ mashirafael.
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz, berlin, in january 2013.	thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz, berlin, in january 2013.	it now appears that the berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the easter weekend raid in london.
dmitri kovtun, who is wanted for the dissident's murder, insisted that he was not involved in mr litvinenko's death and suggested that he had poisoned himself without knowing it.	the suspect, a former kgb agent, has agreed to give evidence at the inquiry into litvinenko's death as long as he is given the right to examine secret evidence put forward by the police.	if kovtun testifies, he will have to do so by video link, because he will be arrested on suspicion of murder if he tries to travel to britain.
visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit.	his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury.	though the felines appeared to avoid the child, dr christopher kuhar, executive director at the zoo, said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday.
journalist gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry for hbo documentary series vice, she did n't anticipate' how dark' the story would get.	the producer and host has been reporting on current issues across the globe and has covered everything from the detention center at guantanamo bay to the effect of climate change on polar bears.
colin cromie told xara grogan, 29, they should jet to barcelona for a break.	but when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured and mr cromie, 49, became increasingly hostile and unfriendly.	he would also snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be ‘ abrupt and rude’ and blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice.
todd kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the lexington county detention center on monday evening.	an arrest warrant alleges that kincannon's wife, ashely griffith, told deputies he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car,' squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle'.	griffith told police kincannon threatened to kill her, himself and her family during the incident – threats the lawyer is accused of having made previously.
victorino chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time and denied he tampered with saline bags and ampoules at stepping hill hospital in stockport.	a nurse today told a jury he did not murder three hospital patients and poison almost 20 others on his ward by contaminating their medicine with insulin.	chua denies murdering patients tracey arden, arnold lancaster, 71 and derek weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
the great british bake off star told twitter followers she's leaving the site after receiving abuse.	the popular tv personality tweeted:' my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... this morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'.	clarkson's future at the bbc remains uncertain but he will be back on the channel.
st george's county asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of stafford in the west midlands.	it closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments in its place.	shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the grade ii listed st george's county asylum in stafford.
students from yichuan, shaanxi province took the exam on saturday.	the grade one students thought of everything and in order to avoid being dazzled by the sunshine, which may have caused them to feel dizzy.	grade one students suggested they organise the exam in such a way,' said one unnamed teacher.
nina anderson searched pawn shops near her house in portsmouth, hampshire, after gold and silver necklaces were taken from her bedroom as she watched television.	the great-grandmother, who lives with husband maurice, 75, eventually spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a cash and cheque express on february 19.	her actions, which echo those of agatha christie character miss marple, led to the arrest of burglar martin campbell, who has now been jailed for three years.
one-year-old malaja (left and right) was shot in the head as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban seattle thursday afternoon.	baby malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around at 4.30pm thursday.	police say the shooting was preceded by some sort of an exchange between the occupants of the black sedan and the silver chevy.
shadow chancellor said letter was just a' jokey note'.	note has become emblematic of labour's fiscal irresponsibility in office.	he said:' nothing in our manifesto is going to require additional borrowing.	i think in tough times, people want a government which will make tough decisions'.
porche wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges.	the suspect's friend and neighbors reported seeing wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match.	when paramedics arrived at the sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns.	ktla spoke to wrights' neighbors who described their horror at seeing the child burn.
europe has been urged to copy australia's military-led' stop the boats' policy to avoid migrant tragedies in the mediterranean.	his hardline policy has proved controversial but mr abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on saturday night.
charlotte cosby showed off her super-slim figure in a new instagram photo, many of her fans balked at her now tiny frame.	over the last year charlotte crosby has lost two and a half stone, but the reality tv star has come under fire for this picture in which she appears to be very slim.
carl hendrick, head of learning and research at wellington college, berkshire, has attacked the ‘ tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms.	cheesy slogans such as ‘ reach for the stars’ on posters could be detrimental to pupils, it has been claimed.	mr hendrick argues that schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence by teaching them well and providing ‘ clear and achievable paths to academic success’.
ashy bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $us49,500 - ten times it's real $usd4950 price.	ms bines on monday apologised to her' very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that, or $4,950.
kenneth wanamaker jr, 37, pleaded guilty on friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the northhampton county, pennsylvania, case against him after his daughter's teeth were found to be abscessed.	a dentist report said that the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health.	fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay.
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014.	but smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.	e-cigarettes typically deliver nicotine, propylene glycol, glycerin and flavorings through inhaled vapor.
bobby flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years stephanie march, the famous chef has filed for divorce.	according to tmz, the 50-year-old food network standout is' heartbroken' about the split and his wife is' mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor bobby.	jones is now dating will forte, who she was seen with in february at the premiere of the last man on earth.
pooch mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water.	the alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials, wwlp reported.	mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an alabama park in early april.
police are trying to find a gang of vigilante hunters accused of posing as children online and then beating up men who agree to meet them.	the group working in the north-west has been accused of filming the attacks, the latest of which was on saturday, and then sending online messages demanding money to keep the film secret.	one teenager has told greater manchester police he was beaten up by the gang, who reportedly tricked him into believing he was meeting an underage girl in a church car park after dark.
ricky ricardo chiles iii, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon, illinois on thursday around 9am, said milwaukee police chief edward flynn.	police were looking for chiles iii in connection to the killing 40-year-old archie brown jr and 15-year-old rasheed chiles.	brown struck and killed the gunman's two-year-old nephew damani terry after he darted into the street in front of brown's van, authorities said.	police said it is not clear if she will face any charges, according to the journal sentinel.
the images, captured between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh owen, have surfaced after being put up for auction.	it became part of the site for the bristol brewery georges before that was closed in 1999 and later turned into a block of flats.	it was replaced by the bristol brewery georges, which has since closed and been converted into flats.
the 78 irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge.	the group claimed the eviction' violated' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans.	last october, the camp, which had flouted planning rules, appeared to have lost its case after the travellers were told to move out by the court of appeal.	fylde council said that fighting the' battle of hardhorn' has already cost taxpayers £200,000.
apple has bought israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million.	linx makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology.	this lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example.
supermodel liya kebede has become the first black woman to grace the cover of vogue in five years.	the 39-year-old ethiopian-born stunner fronts vogue paris's upcoming may issue, before mrs kebede, the last black woman to cover vogue paris was model rose cordero in march 2010.
sophie english was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family.	she was finally given a chance to find closure with abc's foreign correspondent reporter sally sara who travelled with her to vietnam in search of answers.	the last time ms english had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old.
comedian and campaigner recalled an incident at the new york comedy club.	she claimed she was paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the issue of the gender pay gap.	silverman has since publicly apologized to martin and revealed she fabricated the story.
jason rezaian, who was detained in tehran on july 22 last year, was jailed in tehran on july 22 last year.	rezaian's lawyer leila ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces, in a decision branded absurd monday by the white house and the newspaper.	rezaian will face the allegations in one of the islamic republic's revolutionary courts.
finley lamb, five, suffers from rare brain abnormality periventricular nodular heterotopia.	it means many of his' grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position.	he is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems.
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa in the hope of making it to europe.	he also called on the uk to take a' fare share' of refugees fleeing civil wars in the middle east and north africa.
gnarly rock formations created by gradual erosion of entrada sandstone over millions of years.	rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion.	but the mushroom like structures and hiking trails winding through this unearthly landscape.
the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves.	the brothel, formerly known as club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room.	the brothel, which was also known as fair lady studio massage parlour, is currently between a t-shirt shop and television repair company, fairfax media reports.
ranulfo perez, 48, was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl who was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with her tour group.	however he was later released by the manhattan district attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was perez.	officials said the number of costumed characters in the area, like those pictured, are becoming an increasing problem in new york.
the rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings.	it was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by hugh' bendor' grosvenor, the duke of westminster.	house has not been lived in for more than 60 years and is now in a dilapidated state, right.
charmain adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff who used a spare key to check on her after she failed to answer the door.	her husband, eric isaiah adusah, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died.	mr adusah, originally from ghana, is being held in police custody in the african country on suspicion of murdering his pregnant british wife in a hotel room in ghana.
leroy j. toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in washington court, ohio.	his body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen, local network nbc 4.
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague.	the cost of divorce can wreck retirement many years after the break-up of a marriage, according to research.	researchers said that nearly one in five divorced people will retire on incomes of less that £9,500.
labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years, with more than 2,000 operations performed in 2010.	trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period.	there are inner labia – the labia minora - which are thinner, and the outer labia – the labia majora, which have more tissue and fat.
indian creek island road, the most exclusive area in miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million.	the area's tiny population of 86 includes four of america’s top 500 richest people.	they are activist investor carl icahn ; hedge fund manager charles johnson once called the island home.
u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator, as the government prepares the village to become a new tourist stop.
harpers bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star's book selfish revealing what she dines on each day.	kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband kanye west.	she said:' kanye loves to eat really healthy and is always on different diets'.
hannah overton, 37, wiped back tears as she, along with her husband larry and five children, celebrated news that after having her conviction overturned for poisoning her son, andrew burd, with an overdose of salt, prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case.	her family stood by her and protested her innocence, but nueces county district attorney mark skurka had said shortly after she was released that he would push again for capital murder charges.	he could do this as her conviction was overturned because of ineffective counsel, meaning this would not be a case of double jeopardy.
teachers say that youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on the itv talent show.	for the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the uk for the new series.
diy boat used by a pair of fisherman, who had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew.	the men cobbled it together using insulation boards, scrap plywood, laminate flooring, coat hangers and silicone glue.	anglers had already taken the boat out to sea before their rescue without any problems.
christy turlington burns may be about to run her fourth marathon in as many years, but the former supermodel insists that childbirth was by far her toughest challenge yet.	the former supermodel, who's gearing up for the london marathon on 26 april, told red magazine that giving birth has been her toughest physical challenge.	christy - who is mother to daughter grace and son finn, had just given birth to grace in 2003 when she was struck with a post-partum haemorrhage, causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall.
daniel p. finney, 39, of iowa, is sharing his efforts to lose over 300lbs ; he started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month.	after a series of health issues, the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register.
nick clegg said he would not allow the lib dems to prop up david cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from the benefits bill.	mr clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
gisele bunchen down the catwalk for the last time at são paulo fashion week in her native brazil.	it's goodbye: a teary-eyed gisele shared this photo on instagram revealing the experience of walking the catwalk for the last time and the rousing send-off she received had left her speechless.
the fbi have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $5 million truck robbery in north carolina last month.	investigators say the bar was found - somewhere in south florida - has provided them with a big break in the case.	police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company transvalue - pulled over when one of the two armed guards on board' felt sick'.
leah williamson stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against norway.	norwegian goalkeeper oda marie hove bogstad was unable to stop williamson's brilliant effort.	williamson went the same way as her successful spot-kick last saturday and found the net once again.
police raided alan greaves's home in colne, lancashire in september 2013.	they found the disturbing images on a digital storage device.	he believed the group' disseminates' such material and that is how images ended up on his computer, the court heard.	greaves, who has children aged 30 to two-years-old, was also a full-time carer for his disabled sister.	he is also barred from working with children.
david wihby, 61, was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday.	wihby has been the new hampshire republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff.	ayotte also called wihby her longtime friend.
chris appleton, who has been working with natural brunette rita, has been working as singer rita ora's hairstylist for two years.	her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and' maintenance'.
angela maxwell has returned to her shift at a local lunch club for pensioners a week after scooping £53million with her husband richard.	the 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning, just days after her husband richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million.	mrs maxwell had just returned from her shift at the community hall with a stack of dirty tea towels for washing last thursday when she learned of the win.
the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942.	it was long assumed that the vessel's cargo would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts.	underwater company deep ocean search used powerful sonar to locate the vessel on the sea floor.
hundreds of protesters gather in new york city on tuesday night.	many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina.	the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police.
jason lee, 38, faces charges of allegedly raping a 20-year-old irish woman in the hamptons in august 2013.	the assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ‘hysterical’ state she was unable to talk.	lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was' no big deal' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene:' we're good, you can go', the court heard.
statistics collected at maastricht university in holland, where cannabis is decriminalised, have shown that students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses.	foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk's billion-pound supercar industry.	some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year.	saba syed and husband sheikh amari have been married for 12 years.
veteran peer lord janner has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes.	he has fought tirelessly for the return of jewish assets held in swiss banks by the nazis, and was made a life peer on his retirement from the commons in recognition of his achievements in public life.
violeta tupuola, who lives near canberra and already has naturally beautiful voluptuous lips, has joined the # kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media of placing the opening of any narrow vessel over their mouth and sucking in until the vacuum of air causes their lips to excessively swell.	violeta has joined the # kyliejennerchallenge by placing a shot glass over her mouth so the vacuum of air causes the lips to swell.
little stella schaefer is being cared for in prison by mack, 19, who is accused of murder.	heather mack, 19, allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von wiese-mack in a plush bali hotel last august before stuffing her body in a suitcase, together with her boyfriend tommy schaefer, 21.	the battered body of mack's 62-year-old mother was found' folded up' in a suitcase that had been loaded into the boot of a waiting taxi at st regis hotel in bali last august.
uk researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago.	they found the heat near the impact site in mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material.	the impact site is believed to be the 125 mile (200km) wide chicxulub crater buried underneath the yucatán peninsula in mexico.
natasha hope-simpson said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally.	despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space, one might not be able to tell she was missing her leg.	she has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that hope-simpson has a true handicap.
mr yuan, from changsha, was involved in the accident on march 24.	none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him.
martin johnson, 46, was walking his nine-year-old granddaughter charly pennett home from school when he narrowly missed being caught up in the crash in beaumont leys, leicestershire.	it also lost a wheel which came flying off and narrowly miss a man who was walking his granddaughter home.	private security worker martin johnson said he was walking his granddaughter charly pennett home when the wheel flew past.	onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar crashed close to a school and said he would buy another.
a man has accused rapper dmx and his entourage of robbing him while at a new jersey gas station on easter morning.	the unidentified newark resident said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is earl simmons, while at an exxon station on easter morning.	police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with dmx about rap music around 12.30am, according to nj.com.
actor al pacino is offering die-hard fans the chance to fly with him on a private jet with him from glasgow to london for £25,000.	the unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a cambridge-based tour operator ahead of pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the uk and ireland.	but the 74-year-old actor, who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades.
a mercedes, believed to have been operated as a minicab, became wedged between two london buses this morning.	it forced the closure near the junction with tottenham court road.	two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in goodge street.
corey edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect and endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life.	his greatest wish was for his parents jemma, 21, and craig, 28, to tie the knot, but despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold.	corey's condition had gradually deteriorated since january, when he was admitted to hospital with a cold.
thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store.	he picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor ‘ like a snake’ to avoid triggering infrared security beams.	eight-minute raid, which has been likened to a mission impossible film, took place at the vintage watch store in hampstead, north london.
captain paul murphy of the karen, a fishing trawler, holds up a snapped steel cable aboard his boat.	the damage is thought to have been caused by a russian submarine.	ardglass is one of northern ireland's main fishing ports and local trawlermen.
rodney stover, 48, was arraigned on thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges.	the dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the k through 12 churchill school for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year.	bellevue men's shelter residents: pictured are 12 of the 13 known convicted sex offenders living at the bellevue men's shelter just one block from a school.
sharon edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on saturday night at coutts crossing public school on march 14.	the family made an emotional appeal for information as police said it was a homicide investigation.	detectives say she was last seen alive at her grafton home that night and have traced her last known whereabouts to the lawrence area in the early hours of march 15.
kero-tv reports 23-year-old justin whittington of bakersfield, california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the alleged abuse surfaced online.	the video posted to social media and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through vest market.	the child appears to leave the store crying and covering his face.
bobby flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years stephanie march, the famous chef has filed for divorce.	according to tmz, the 50-year-old food network standout is' heartbroken' about the split and his wife is' mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor bobby.	jones is now dating will forte, who she was seen with in february at the premiere of the last man on earth.
two women and a 23-year-old man were removed from the plane just before it left bristol for faro around 7pm yesterday (thursday).	the airline requested the delayed passengers board the flight in anticipation of the air traffic slot time improving.	passengers have a personal responsibility for their own behaviour.
jamar nicholson and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn.	nicholson was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez and is in pain but he says he and his friends feel lucky to be alive.	nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica of the gun.
andrea bradley, 28, and glen bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month.	glenara bates was brought to an ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs.	prosecutor joe deters says the parents could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges.
detectives have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace after £60 was stolen from an epileptic woman's handbag.	the female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes, leaving her in' great distress'.	passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama, reaching into the woman's handbag and stealing £60 cash.
sony emails reveal bbc bosses want to turn the hit series starring peter capaldi and is screened in 50 countries, to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success.	but the emails show doctor who’s creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation.
edwin mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an army careers centre in croydon.	the scottish officer - known as' jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011.	mee told jurors about his military career, and firmly denied the allegations.	he branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a' time waster' and a liar.
barry lyttle, 33, will now be sentenced in sydney's local court.	he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3.	downing centre local court was told of the plea during a brief mention on thursday, where lyttle was supported by family, including his younger brother patrick, whom he punched in potts point in the early hours of january 3.
mandi l. walkley, 39, and jacob m. austin, 52, were in the dungeness bay, where swells were as high as 3ft, for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the coast guard.	william d. kelley, 50, who was also rescued by the coast guard, has improved from critical to serious condition.	his condition has improved from critical to serious.
john loughery, 60, camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 royal wedding.	he was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008.	today, he was more concerned about the queen and her 89th birthday.
jeff mccubbery, 72, from mandurang and ian bullock, 65, from blackburn devised the plan for captain cootie cards over twenty years ago.	the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars.	but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
the app is officially described as the world’s first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts.	the network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views.	users share their interests (left) and energy levels when using cannabis as part of their profile.
the brass lamp is being sold at auction in june by auctioneers hansons.	it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea hurst, near matlock, derbyshire.	she wrote of what she had seen in the conflict with her 1859 notes on nursing still considered as having shaped the profession today.
lance futch donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to hill air force base in utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy.	futch was sat at a table with obama, utah senator orrin hatch, congressman rob bishop, and salt lake city mayor ralph becker.
trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in the area in 1492.	the discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle, dating to around a.d. 600.	bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska.
jondrew lachaux, 39, and kellie phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found, north las vegas police said.	they have been arrested and face child abuse charges, while lachaux is charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage.	a teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge.
more than three years ago claire, emily, christine and lily vincenti were taken from their italian home by their mother, which sparked an ugly dispute that included claims of kidnapping.	their mother, laura garrett, had australian passports made for the girls and fled to australia.	she claimed she had to escape her abusive partner tomasso vincenti.
residents from fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago, were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could.	but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on thursday night.	officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged.
abubaker deghayes, 46, has left his home in brighton in an attempt to rescue his son amer, who travelled to the middle east in january last year.	the 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation jabhat al-nusra, a group affiliated with al-qaeda, who are battling the islamic state and syrian forces.	he has now left his home in brighton to travel to the middle east to bring home his remaining son amer, who is also in syria.
the queen awards a victoria cross to lance corporal joshua leakey.	she told lance corporal joshua leakey:' i don’t get to give this one out very often.	but in fact the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour – a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago.	l/cpl leakey, of 1 para, is only the sixth living british soldier the queen has presented with his medal.
bill sponsor democratic sen. chris edwards told the senate committee on business and transportation that the new generation of hand dryers used to elicit episodes in his autistic son, who would cry and cover his ears when he heard them.	the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels.
victoria ayling, who is running for the key election seat of great grimsby, made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at ukip meetings.	after saying it was because she had spent ‘ five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in afghanistan’, lieutenant colonel ron shepherd.	mrs ayling fought great grimsby at the 2010 election as a tory, coming within 714 votes of a shock victory against labour veteran austin mitchell, who is now standing down.
austin west passed away last saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in gastonia.	austin’s grandfather, jeff west, says that when he attempted to launch a gofundme campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site.	the west family are hoping to raise $10,000 to cover the toddler's funeral costs and related expenses.
kingston police published a photo of the incident on their twitter account.	the boy's mother frantically tried to open the door when the keys to her range rover were locked inside and the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23c yesterday.	officers were called to the parked car in surbiton, south-west london, making it the second hottest day of the year so far beaten.
national front founder jean-marie le pen, 86, angered daughter marine, 46, and now wants granddaughter marion marechal-le pen, 25, to replace him in the regional elections.	mr le pen had repeated his claim that the holocaust - in which the nazis murdered six million jews - was ‘ a detail of history’.
ashley graham, 27, says she was told to look up to curvy icons like marilyn monroe and jennifer lopez.	now in her late 20s, the nebraska native has made a career of flaunting her voluptuous curves, becoming a regular in plus-size retailer lane bryant's ads.
savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle.	wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera.	he had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling.	after emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures, he spotted a female and male fox copulating.
edwin' jock' mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.	court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas, who he isolated and' kept' to himself so he could sexually abuse them.
a state investigation was launched by two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego.	delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need.	but they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right.
the unnamed woman, whose email was shared by a recipient yesterday on reddit, demands a $63.99 water table from walmart, a $19.99 play tent, a $14.99 play tunnel from ikea, and a $7.99 book, writing:' if you are unable to get these items, please let us know so we can buy them right away for him'.	she has come under fire for sending out invitations to her son's first birthday in which she lists very specific requests - including some quite large and expensive gifts.
maurice thibaux stormed the catwalk at sydney's mercedes-benz fashion week.	the french native lives next door to the venue - crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise, which he claims was' similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head'.	mr thibaux said he was' very sorry' to have disturbed the show.
angels slugger josh hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago.	the divorce petition was filed in late february in tarrant county, texas, where hamilton played five seasons with the texas rangers before moving to la, the dallas morning news reported.	hamilton, 33, married his wife katie in late february, around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
fidel castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year.	the meetings, with photos taken inside castro's bus, are the former president's first public appearance since january 2014.	he was last seen in public at the inauguration of an artist's studio in january 2014.
charles and camilla in the new photo released to mark their 10th anniversary.	the couple, who married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall, are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside.
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students.	the demonstration is the latest in a series of protests with hundreds of bereaved parents, many with their heads shaved and clad in white mourning robes.	president park geun-hye has pledged to' actively consider' raising the sewol, taking into account the opinions of the relatives and salvage experts.
brian klawiter posted a message on his company's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in grandville, michigan.	klawiter, 35, claims he has been surprised at how his message, which he said he only expected to be read by his friends and customers.
roxy wallace was a bodyguard called bob, who lived a reclusive life, plagued by depression.	she told her wife jo, 44, about her feelings two years ago and says she is now the' luckiest woman in the world'.
larry upright hated hillary so much she made it into his obituary.	the family of 81-year-old larry upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the kannapolis man's death and burial this week.	upright's daughter, jill mclain, said the rock-ribbed republican was passionate about politics.
viv and husbandkeith receiving their chequefrom bruce forsyth in 1961.	but the story of viv nicholson is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice.	when viv, a cake-factory worker from castleford, and her coal miner husband keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961.
stephanie scott's accused killer, high school cleaner vincent stanford, lived with his mother anika and elder brother luke.	police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner's toyota hilux, a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to ms scott inside the property itself.	neighbours told daily mail australia the stanford family have lived at the property.
tibor racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle, north of sydney, on sunday night when they were attacked.	his daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete.
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on january 28.	this after manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last july.	manziel's hard-partying and off-the-field antics were well known while he was in college.
heidi bretscher, 28, ended up getting lost while running a marathon in raleigh, north carolina and ended up having to hitch a ride with the cops to get back on course.	the 28-year-old runner was so far ahead of the pack it was n't clear to her which way she was meant to go.	she ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that was n't even on the course.
paul tudor jones ii, the billionaire founder of tudor investment corporation, bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week.	the mediterranean-style seven-bedroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access.	the hefty purchase came days after jones warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out ted talk in canada in march.
richard kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters who were taken from the home in belfast to london in the 1970s.	his account provides the first clear link between three alleged major vip paedophile rings that operated in london and northern ireland.
customs officials have seized what is being described as a' zoo in a suitcase' from a woman accused of smuggling 108 exotic animals in russia.	there were 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub.	two baby crocodiles died on the journey from jakarta to moscow.	if it turns out to be the case, the suspect could face up to seven years in prison.
chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912.	it was found bobbing on the surface of the atlantic by the crew of the mackay-bennett, who had previously worked on board the mackay-bennett.	it has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector who kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast.
staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012.	the woman who izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm to her finger on august 4 in 2012.	this is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in australia's highest court.	kirsten hughes investigated the attack izzy made in august 2012 and presented evidence at a later magistrates court hearing.
bob heslip, 50, suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1, or nf-1.	the noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as he aged.	heslip, who works at a dollar tree in tuscon, said around eight months ago he was on vacation with his family in los angeles when they saw the freakshow, as his daughter is a fan of the tv show.	todd ray, the owner, saw heslip and recognized his condition as nf-1 and began talking to him.
kyle schwartz devised a lesson plan last month, which has spread to classrooms across the nation via twitter.	a group of girls invited one student to play at recess after hearing in class that they felt they had no friends.
prince harry is pictured taking part in exercises with royal australian artillery troops in darwin.	the 30-year-old took to the air in the royal australian air force’s tiger assault helicopter, which is similar to the apache the prince flew in combat sorties against the taliban in afghanistan in 2012.	harry is scheduled to spend several weeks on a conservation project in africa.
alice tatlow was banned from every pub in birmingham at the turn of the century.	he was also banned from every birmingham boozer for being' drunk and disorderly'.	publicans were told they could recognise her by a tattoo of the prince of wales's feathers.
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court, which upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on monday.	attorney-general hm prasetyo has declared the move by the pair's lawyers as a delay tactic.	they also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals.
professor ninian peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head, a medical hearing heard.	the patient, known as patient a, had come to ipswich hospital in february 2012 after an industrial accident and been operated on by prof peckitt, who is a world-renowned facial surgeon.	but he required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone.
lobster pound and moore in cape breton, nova scotia, had posted' effective as of now, we will no longer allow small screaming children'.	the message, posted last sunday night, was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents.
andy murray and his new bride had their first dance on saturday night, judy murray was strictly on the sidelines.	she admitted the wedding of andy, 27, to his long-term girlfriend kim sears, also 27, had been ‘fantastic’ and ‘wonderful’.
charles kingham, 86, and pauline moore, 68, have been together for 40 years.	they spent two years converting it into their dream home.	but it became a' living hell' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre.	ms moore claimed the problems started when people started selling drugs nearby.
summer elbardissy was partying at the beta theta pi fraternity house at wesleyan university in middletown, connecticut, last year when she tried to reach a makeshift roof deck.	but instead of making it onto the deck, she fell out of a third-story window, according to newly-released police reports and a lawsuit filed in the city's superior court.
kim kardashian was removed from this photo of her dining at a non-kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband, rapper kanye west, and jerusalem's mayor, nir barkat, on monday.	mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page, writing that he had joined kanye and kim' to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city.
apple watch, available for pre-order on friday, april 10, 2015, comes with a choice of watch case, band and size _ there are 54 possible configurations in all.	the firm will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world.	from tomorrow morning, customers will be able to preorder their watch online.
superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost more than £400,000 a week to charter.	money is no object to those who like to flaunt their massive wealth at sea, and that means sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests.
prime minister david cameron will announce an extension of the right-to-buy scheme which will allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home.	but the national housing federation said the subsidy - which will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties - will cost taxpayers £5.8billion.	labour jumped on the remarks this morning, claiming the policy had' unravelled' and pointed to figures showing that last year just 479 council homes were sold off.
russell henley flew to georgia last sunday - sadly his golf clubs did not have a less-than-ideal experience, with kim kardashian, colleen rooney and maisie williams joining the ranks of irritated travellers.	russell henley flew in for the prestigious competition last sunday to prepare - however his golf clubs did not.	henley was quick to thank the airline and even apologised' for the mix-up'.
the ch-53e copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.	it crouched on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line, dwarfing surfboard-topped lifeguard vehicles parked nearby.	bing bush and his wife, julie, who live in a cliffside complex overlooking the beach, were in for a surprise.
ten people, including four children, have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in brisbane's west.	three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway, 2km south of fernvale, on wednesday afternoon.
researchers have discovered that the brain can remember' neutral' events more easily when they are tied to an emotion.	the study has looked into how the september 11 terrorist attacks in the us affect memory retention.
the world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the masters on thursday to take on a nine-hole course.	it seemed that golf wag and u.s. skier lindsey vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have opted out of the bland, white jumpsuit uniform.	vonn's ensemble was in stark contrast to the white jumpsuits worn - and accessorized - by bubba watson's wife angie, and rickie fowler's girlfriend lindsey vonn.
more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for' extensive' plumbing repairs.	almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store in california alone.	walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months.
survivors said the two-deck vessel ‘flipped’ after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea.	the trauma of their ordeal is clear to see as the african migrants wait to be assess by medics after disembarking from their coastguard vessel.
the jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of jörg düsterwald, a 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from hameln, germany.	jörg has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years.	he was awarded the german brush-painting champion at a national competition.
the outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10 spent on the health and social needs of patients.	a study says the amount spent by the government and charities studying dementia and strokes is ‘ still way too low’.
colin kay captured the collision on a dashcam which showed how the toyota aygo driver veered across the road.	the female driver in a toyota aygo pulled in front of colin kay as he was driving his citroen picasso on the a586 in great eccleston in lancashire last year.	the 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder.
multi-million pound yachts, private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich.	if you know where to look and when to book you can holiday like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary.
the 46-year-old had worked at the central bank of the netherlands for eight years.	she has also been offering her sexual services at more than £300 an hour.	she describes her greatest passion as ‘ raunchy kinky sex with wild strangers and naughty men’.
tony blair's global money-making projects face fresh scrutiny today after publication of a bizarre deal to sell the theory of' deliverology' to colombia.	questions have again been raised about tony blair's money-making since leaving downing street in 2007.	critics have questioned the role of a former prime minister working for other sovereign states.
scottish nationalists threatened to paralyse the uk government by blocking' any bit of spending’ they do not agree with.	but the snp, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more mps, suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme.	he said that the snp could vote against so-called ‘ parliamentary estimates’, which authorise government departments’ spending commitments.
british veterinary association has withdrawn its support for the shooting of free-running badgers in controversial pilot culls.	the two four-year pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says the bva.	it concluded that the first two years of culling had not demonstrated conclusively that ‘ controlled shooting’ of free-running badgers could be effective and humane.
dr mark porter, head of the british medical association, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges.	all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the nhs should be free at the point of use.
charlie macdonald is still grieving for the son he lost eight years ago at the hands of his conman lover.	the couple raised gareth and his three brothers in the tiny isolated welsh village of rhewl-mostyn and now regret that they did n't teach him to be more' streetwise'.	reveals on the latest episode of tv show britain's darkest taboos.
prince harry's former girlfriend laughed as she made her way around the party with friend irene forte.	she paired the outfit with tan woven ankle-strap heels and carried a croc-print foldover clutch bag in a similar shade.	zimbabwean davy wore a white chiffon top paired with navy trousers, as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles.
the app, called eaze, has been dubbed ‘ uber for weed’ and enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver.	the app, called eaze, has been dubbed ‘ uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver – providing they live in one of the us where the drug is legal.
andrea trunfio, 36, and mario bretti, 64, clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day in july last year.	the incident took place around the new ridgeway farm housing development on july 22 last year, when temperatures reached 25 degrees during a spell of sunny weather.	mr bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction.	he then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver's window.
the monster vegetable, which weighs 33lbs and measures 1.2 metres long is so large it hangs over the flower bed.	it is not the first time these outsized vegetables have turned up in china but usually they are grown by farmers using commercial fertilizers.	mr li claimed the specimen, which had been grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers, had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral.
former prime minister john major will today ignore warnings from his former secretary against talking up the threat posed by the snp.	the stark warning came as the former prime minister launched a stinging attack on the threat posed by an snp.	sir john, who is the last tory to win an election outright, warned ed miliband would face a' daily dose of blackmail' from miss sturgeon, whose party may win 50 commons seats.
adam leheup, 34, met with his alleged victim after making contact with her through the' let's date app'.	leheup, who is a university of greenwich graduate and technical co-ordinator on the £500m nine elms point development, denies raping the woman.	he said they enjoyed a night-long date, which included wine and cocktails, with the young woman responding to his physical advances.
leaj jarvis price was allegedly shot dead by her marine veteran husband, eric heath price, on monday after she ran into the office in jemison screaming' call the police'.	price then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff with around 40 police officers for several hours.	when police fired tear gas into the house, he came outside.	he has since been charged with the murder of mrs price, who was a nursing student.
jason lee, 38, was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of east hampton.	lee's attorney, manhattan lawyer andrew lankler said his client was innocent and that the sex was consensual.	prosecutors said lee was celebrating his birthday at georgica restaurant and lounge in wainscott when he invited the woman and her friends back to his rental home for a pool party.
the bestselling author has revised the theatrical adaptation of her tudor novels for a run on broadway is ben miles as thomas cromwell and lydia leonard as anne boleyn).	the plays, produced by the royal shakespeare company and london's playful productions, will open at the winter garden theatre in times square tomorrow.
yaphank, long island was once home to a camp for nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics.	it was largely founded as a nazi camp, one of several scattered across the u.s., where the children in the german american bund could fish, swim, hunt and learn about things like eugenics.
denise fedyszyn, from holmfirth, west yorkshire, tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb - and wore dress size 26 - when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters anya and isla.	fairground worker told the 37-year-old:' you're too fat to ride, i ca n't fasten the seatbelt' as she tried to go on a fairground ride.
prime minister's wife showed her support of uk business by sporting a thoroughly british outfit at the conservative party's manifesto launch in swindon.	the look was finished with a slim white belt to accentuate samantha's enviable waistline and a pair of black heels.
tv wine expert oz clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to' oak age' wine in hours rather than years.	the product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur joel paglione.
mark williams aka arthur weasley in harry potter films, unveils the hogwarts express train at the harry potter studio tour at leavesden, where it is business as usual this easter.	but west coast railways, which own the train that was used in the films, have had services suspended after near miss.
bilal skaf was assaulted by fellow inmates at goulburn correctional centre on friday.	he is pictured in orange overalls with his mother, baria (right) inside goulburn's supermax prison on internal prison cctv in sydney's western suburbs.	a corrective services statement confirmed a'33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day.	sydney rape gang leader bilal skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates inside one of australia's toughest prisons.
driver, known as salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in jaipur.	the man, from todabhim in karauli district of rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody.	he was arrested under section 354 of ipc (indian penal code).
brandy savelle and tony gervasi had caesar for two years.	when caesar went missing from their home in ispheming in northern michigan.	family tried to find him, and followed some tracks in the soft grass.
demonstrators including game of thrones actor jason momoa demanded the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $1.4 billion telescope on mauna kea in hawaii.	thirty-one people were arrested on thursday at the mauna kea site, a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess poli'ahu and a native hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
nick clegg made a desperate bid to distance his party from allegations about cyril smith yesterday by calling the paedophile mp a' labour politician'.	he claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the liberal democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys.
brisbane's anglican archbishop has joined a local catholic priest in calling for queensland's controversial' gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped.	speaking after his easter sunday mass, archbishop of brisbane phillip aspinall said he supported father paul kelly in his calls for the homosexual advance defence to be removed from queensland common law.	brisbane's anglican archbishop has supported calls for queensland's controversial' gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped.	dr aspinall said he supported the calls for the homosexual advance defence to be removed.
yulia tarbath, 33, is originally from surrey but moved to bali with her husband paul in 2009.	led a raw vegan diet - consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice, as well as hours of running, cycling and lifting weights.	mother-of-one revealed she gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy.
pew research center survey found 92 percent of us teens go online daily.	24% admit they are online constantly.	also household incomes can influence which social network children use - with instagram and snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families.
google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice.	it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say' ok, google'.	google also offers an alternative way to unlock an android phone.
quincy hazel and sabrina golden-hazel, both 44 from riviera beach, also allegedly never took either of the children, a 17-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl, to a doctor or dentist.	conditions emerged when the older child ran away from home last month and started living on the street.
savannah guthrie discussed an australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday's show.	she vowed to try the method, which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby's face until the tot nods off.	but savannah soon learned that the trick did n't have a calming effect on her energetic infant.
mute woman has revealed how fascinated the scion was with wigs and make-up.	the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island, on the texas gulf coast and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s.	he said he was not fooled by durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality.
population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern european fisheries.	experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species.	consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s.
luke shambrook, who went without food or water since friday, has been going to the candlebark campground at lake eildon national park, northeast of melbourne, since he was just one year old, his parents rachel and tim shambrook revealed in an emotional press conference on thursday.	the hunt ended on tuesday when a police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to luke's location.	luke shambrook's doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long.
dog has all the best bits from the uk's favourite breeds, the hair of an english bulldog and a labrador nose.	the perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle.
vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book.	mr nuttall stands in front of shelves stacked full of books – many of which, on closer inspection, are the same and have been photoshopped to make the library look bigger.
eighteen-year-old madison small, from ashburn, left school early on mondayand, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.	by tuesday afternoon, her father had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.	it is the school system's first confirmed case in two years.
hollywood-born chanteuse charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with i've never been to me.	when the song became a hit she was in straitened financial circumstances and working in a sweetshop in ilford, essex, so instead of moving like harlow she could have been singing about moving to harlow.	one of the most irritating lyrics in the song - it has many - is when she sings about the' isle of greece'.
oliver pareece jones, 37, was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26am.	he then withdrew $800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a walmart in rancho cucamonga, california.	after he left the store, he withdrew another $100 in cash, she told daily mail online.	jones, who is divorced, had been with family in las vegas for a reunion.
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport.	their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.	mrs costello was her late husband george's third wife and inherited his entire estate along with her daughter, had been' under a lot of stress'.
kelli jo bauer, 45, was arrested at her kansas city home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes, many still with tags of them, that she was selling.	bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home in overland park had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on facebook, including dozens of fake designer handbags.	bauer was allegedly selling the designer goods from her sprawling mansion in overland park, kansas city.	she was placed under house arrest, monitored by gps tracking.
chlorine gas — sowed terror and agony for the first time on april 22, 1915.	the chlorine seeped into body fluids and ate away at eyes, throat and lungs.	some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack.
karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend.	about 300 people have joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil.	a man, believed to be 21-year-old alexander pacteau, has been arrested in connection with miss buckley's death.
phil haste, 60, said he could not understand why he was issued with a penalty notice, as he clearly had a valid parking permit in his car, even though he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard.	the businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a torbay council car park.
us secretary of state john kerry has warned that the us will not' stand by' while iran supports rebels in yemen.	it comes as a saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in yemen at the start of a third week of bombing.	a member of the saudi border guard is stationed at a look-out point on the saudi-yemeni border.
web users suggested the fence was put up by school authorities to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building.	hengshui no.2 middle school is accused of making itself look like a prison in order to prevent students from committing suicide.
council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at the steer inn in wilberfoss, east yorkshire.	owner david crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations.	officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption.
geoff johnson returned to the home of his mother, a compulsive hoarder, 20 years after he left and created a moving series of images about his uneasy upbringing.	his mother started compulsively hoarding when he was a young boy, refusing to fix anything.	but when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013, the house was handed to them.
poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by south american tribes and later featured on the back of clint eastwood in the spaghetti westerns.	the ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter.
the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s. transportation security administration.	the changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the september 2001 terror attacks.
hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases.	australian author nicole bijlsma said the chemicals are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin.	bromine is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it.
motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver, who they suspected was speeding.	they then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.	the pair were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare.	they then caught up with the driver towing the caravan and stopped him between junctions 11 and 11a near cheltenham.
rita wilson, who is married to tom hanks, announced on tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery.	famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress as katie couric wrote:' sending all my love to the brave and beautiful @ ritawilson'.
agent arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on friday.	he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.	agent baldwin is posted to the foreign missions branch, which is attached to the state department and deals with the united states' diplomatic activities.
robert denny, 83, has been charged with two counts of murder.	margaret penny was murdered in a hair salon in portland, portland on may 3, 1991.	the 83-year-old, of malvern east, has spoken out since he briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court.
mary murphy, 66, is thought to have tried to grab hold of john wood, 67, when he stumbled at the top of the stairs, but slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths.	their bodies were found by paramedics on wednesday in the hallway of their terraced home.	police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but after investigating they believe it was a ‘ bizarre and tragic’ accident.
preserved remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in north-western peru.	it is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as chan chan which was the capital of the chimu empire, an urban civilisation that appeared on the peruvian coast around 1100 ad.	the mummy, thought to date back to 1100 ad, was found wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig in the city of trujillo.
charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend's bournemouth bay run on twitter.	the blunder happened during yesterday's bournemouth bay run and today the organisers - appealed for those who were affected by the mix-up to contact them for a' gesture of goodwill'.	local authority spokesman said that it was investigating what happened to the marshal who should have directed runners at a turning point.
jenny packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion, with some on twitter raving about the garment and others claiming it swamped her.	over the last few years, wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps.	weddings are now about personalities and celebrating their relationships, which makes it more fun.
steve smith, 52, grew up with the family motto' if you do n't work you do n't eat' has revealed how he gave his parents £25million when he sold the company – but still relies on pocket money from his wife.	the venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire when he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later.
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn, newport.	the elderly woman's son steve visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals.	but after finding the' terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room, mr ashton is calling for more to improve food standards.
duchess of cambridge is about to make her debut in puppet form.	she wears the £450 issa dress famously sported to announce the royal engagement in november 2010 while he sports a cosy jumper and a goofy grin.	but this is n't the real duke and duchess of cambridge.
forecasts show house prices across the uk will rise at a fraction of last year’s frenetic pace, forecasts show.	property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent over the next 12 months.	it follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4 per cent in the capital.
jessa announced she's expecting her first child with husband ben seewald, 19.	the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday.	the due date is november first, our wedding anniversary.
andrew barr, principal of the geelong college, was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office.	the school council launched an investigation, which included a search of mr barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on the social media site snapchat.	andrew barr, who was principal of melbourne's the geelong college, has resigned after a photo taken of him watching pornography in his office went viral on the internet.
more than 25 women have been airlifted from royal navy ships because of pregnancy.	at least one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious, which was nicknamed' hms lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year.	eighteen other ships - including hms enterprise and hms richmond - had emergency evacuations.
pippa middleton was spotted out jogging in london today, for the second time this week.	the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton in june.
the kits, which can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops, are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns.	among the items they sell are a temporary filling material as well as cap and crown cement.
frank abagnale, whose early life on the run from the fbi was brought to life on the screen by leonardo di caprio, has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen.	he was played by leonardo di caprio in the film about his misspent youth as a conman.	however the former conman changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention.
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt, 30, on february 9 at the boutique donovan hotel.	she stole just $40 and the victim's metro smartrip card, while dominique johnson, left, has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery.	her roommate - dominique johnson was arrested on wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice.
kfc's questionnaire contains 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from' strongly agree' to' strongly disagree'.	kfc's human resources boss robert phipps claimed the test was specially designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply for a job with the company.
climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday.	the storm was forecast to form between port macquarie and newcastle.	it then covered 150km south from newcastle to wollongong where a third of australia’s population live.
nick clegg pleaded with labour and tory supporters to vote tactically to stop alex salmond from' strutting his stuff' in westminster.	lib dem leader urged supporters of rival parties to help stop alex salmond returning to parliament.	polls suggest the lib dems face near-wipeout in scotland, with senior figures including treasury minister danny alexander under threat from a surge in support for the snp.
dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home.	the home, dubbed'pv14', boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people, a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of the city's downtown.	mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that built his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed.
raymond allen is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in preston, lancashire, in 1965.	he had become a personal friend of harland' the colonel' after meeting during a conference in chicago 50 years ago.	mr allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices.
the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region.	its spread has so alarmed the eu that france announced a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables.	puglian growers have opposed the government's slash-and-burn plan, saying it wo n't contain the bacteria's spread.
scientists have identified the unfortunate individual whose bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in lamalunga, italy.	using analysis of dna extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock, researchers have found he was a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago.
friedrich branft, 22, make the first complete skeleton to be recovered from the battle of waterloo 200 years ago.	after a painstaking process historians identified the man as friedrich brandt, 23, a hanoverian hunchback who trained in the east sussex resort of bexhill-on-sea.	brandt, a member of george iii’s german legion, was killed by napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs.
billions of barrel jellyfish have been spotted in water off the coast of devon and cornwall.	hundreds of the barrel jellyfish have been hauled in by fishermen on the devon and cornish coast.	experts say their stings are not powerful enough to do any serious harm.
scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident.	they found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster in 2011).	this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall.
jessica howard, 23, denounced ‘ night stalker’ clive howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years.	she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life.	clive howard, 57, dubbed' every woman's living nightmare' was today jailed for life and one of his victim's, jessica howard, 23, who has bravely waived her right to anonymity.
online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits.	the firm now sells it with the tagline ‘ worn by the duchess of cambridge’ and markets it as suitable for before, during and after pregnancy.
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found dead at a lake in huizhou city in southern china's guangdong province.	workers rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out, creating a huge mountain of rotting fish on the shore.	others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake.
ed miliband has dismissed claims he would be held to ransom by the snp.	ms sturgeon demanded an end to government cuts, higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage in return for propping up a labour government.	but speaking to the bbc tonight, mr miliband rejected claims the snp would be' calling the shots' if labour did not have a majority.
two britons are thought to be among the six passengers on the small plane.	the pilot of the piper pa-32 was apparently attempting to make an emergency landing after taking off from punta cana when the plane struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames.	the bodies, which have yet to be identified, were taken to the national forensic science institute for autopsy.
abraham lincoln was shot in at washington d.c.'s ford's theatre.	the red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at dearborn's henry ford museum and displayed in an open plaza on april 15 as part of the museum's observance of the assassination.	it will be removed from its encasing to be displayed for the 150th anniversary of the assassination.
489 british holidaymakers were stuck in lisbon on the mv azores.	the ship had been set to leave lisbon at 7pm on tuesday night with its 489 passengers heading back to bristol avonmouth after a round-trip tour that took in la coruna in spain, the azores, and madeira.	but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an' unresolved' and' historic' financial wrangle.
russian aerospace commander has sensationally claimed that some spy satellites are masquerading as space junk in earth orbit.	it suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on earth.	but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.	he was speaking on a film called ‘ space special forces’ during a tour of russia’s main centre for aerospace intelligence.
thaddeus mccarroll, 23, was killed outside his jennings home on friday night after he' refused to listen to them and charged at them with a knife'.	his mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a samurai sword.	police say they shot him with an' less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
luke harris and daryl lee are celebrating the birth of their second baby.	the couple, who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012, celebrated the birth of their first child, son phoenix blue (left with mr harris), on january 14.	phoenix blue harris-lee was born naturally on january 14 after a 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz.
hayfever sufferers in the uk is predicted to reach 20 million this summer.	but for millions, the first tentative steps towards summer brings impending misery as a dreaded cloud of invisible pollen descends.	experts told mailonline that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers.
yougov poll of more than 2,000 britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week.	the average briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year – or enough to fill two bathtubs, a survey has found.	the average briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year.
susan farmer, 37, from eddy, texas, weighs 43st (605lbs).	she was told by doctors to lose half her body weight by concerned doctors.	but while the 37 year old was determined to shed the weight, her mother continued to buy her daughter fatty foods.
marilyn zuniga sparked outrage for allowing her class to write' get well soon' letters to a convicted police killer claims the children wanted to send notes to him.	zuniga has apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils online, but said they had wanted to write to him in prison.	abu-jamal is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981.
bill dudley is still' lovin' it' and has no plans to quit the fast-food joint in mold, flintshire, north wales.	bill dudley, europe's oldest mcdonald's employee, celebrating his 90th birthday at the outlet in mold, flintshire, where he works two days a week.	mcdonalds hailed the great-grandfather as' a real asset' to the team.
the state of oklahoma has legalized killing death row in-mates with nitrogen.	the method, which involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen, has been touted as' foolproof' by supporters.	nitrogen is now the state's second choice.
carlos manuel perez jr, 28, was killed by shotgun blasts from a nevada corrections officer trying to break up a fight he was in.	nevada prison guards allegedly staged a'gladiator-like' man-on-man fight between handcuffed inmates in the corridors of a maximum-security prison.	after the two were left to duke it out, a lawsuit filed in state court claims, a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row.	arevalo survived the shots, despite wounds to his face.
slain editor of charlie hebdo has slammed left-wing critics from beyond the grave.	he writes:' the suggestion that you can laugh at everything, except certain aspects of islam, because muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population'.
scientists may have captured the song of a new species of whale living in the antarctic.	the song can’t be identified and doesn’t fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale.	experts sure the noise isn’t made by arnoux's beaked whales or cuvier's beaked whales, meaning that it could be coming from a completely new species.
aracely meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was arrested on monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission, said police (above meza in the video).	the witness, who said she knew benjamin's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons, according to pastors.	aracely, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was taken into custody on monday and balch springs police said she has been charged with injury to a child by omission.
police say sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.	police say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air.	police pulled over the car not too far from the gas station.
the 22c (72f) predicted in the south east on friday is also better than the 18c forecast in marbella, 16c in rhodes, 10c in istanbul and 16c in malta.	the department for environment, food & rural affairs has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of' very high' air pollution tomorrow.
hamilton college in clinton, new york, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus.	campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated kirner-johnson building were received by phone at 9.45am.	students and staff were being asked not to use martin's way, but it was later extended to the school.
residents of celoron, new york, were understandably disturbed when this statue of lucille ball was unveiled in 2009 sparking a facebook campaign to get it removed.	but the statue of lucille ball - which was so offensive a facebook page called we love lucy! get rid of this statue was launched.	jennifer garner does not seem herself in this warped wax version of her character in the television series alias which appears at the hollywood waxworks in los angeles.
munira khalif, from st. paul, minnesota, says she has always been driven by the thought that her parents, who left somalia during the civil war, fled to the u.s. so she would have better opportunities.
hilary border, 54, from newark, nottinghamshire, stole £20,000 from her mother.	the mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for the 83-year-old's care but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all.	border was also made subject of an eight-month home curfew and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
the light dragoons marched through the streets of dereham, norfolk, as they prepare to wave goodbye to the light dragoons.	the reconnaissance unit is moving from robertson barracks in swanton morley to catterick, north yorkshire, after 15 years.	they are set to leave robertson barracks in catterick, north yorkshire.
dell' super dell' schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to harassing a barn owl in flight while on a motorized paraglider.	his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through because he refused to admit to the 2011 crime.	schanze pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird.	it appeared to show a paraglider near utah lake kicking a soaring owl and boasting about it.
michael brelo goes on trial on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell, 43, and malissa williams, 30.	he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped.	brelo's footprints were also found on the hood of the beat-up chevy malibu where russell, 43, and williams, 30, died.
researchers have found that female chimps are more likely to use the tools to help them hunt for food while males tend to prefer capturing prey with their hands.	it has been known that chimpanzees use tools like humans for more than 50 years.
robin wright, who won the best actress award for her role in house of cards, wore a slinky dress from reem acra's fall 2013 collection and looked stunning in it.	the halter neck showed off her toned shoulders while the sparkly sheen worked beautifully against her skin tone and blonde crop.
molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo, texas on sunday.	schuyler is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her did n't even come close to winning.	schuyler was confident that she would beat out the other competitors with her experience.
restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the us corporation, the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world, for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court.	the row erupted over an 18 second video advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a happy meal to a margherita pizza.	the advert opens in a traditional italian restaurant where the italian boy appears bored by the pizzas.
kfc allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer on saturday.	fast food giant hoped to dispel' blanket perceptions' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients.	health experts still say that no matter how hygienic the conditions of the 612 kfc outlets in australia are the food they make just is n't good for you.
the woman in her mid- to late 30s is believed to have had two or three children.	she was told by a 13-year-old volunteer she was taking too many eggs and she told the young person to'f*** off'.	the woman kept denying she was smuggling eggs into additional plastic bags she had brought in.
police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in norfolk last year.	the baby boy's body was found wrapped in a blanket inside a sainsbury's bag floating on a village pond.	the woman, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn.
hillary clinton's aide huma abedin was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday.	the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband, disgraced former congressman anthony weiner, and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon.	weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion.
robert durst and his lawyers have asked for the return of $161,000 in cash taken after the real estate heir was arrested for murder.	durst, 72, got the money, now held by new orleans police, legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings.
jake castner, from ballarat in victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest.	the 19-year-old joked about the' nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences.	he was arrested in the mount helen area just after 11.30am.
the 19th century castle toward, near dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942.	the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of british troops.	brontosaurus was visited by both churchill and supreme allied commander lord mountbatten during this time.
christopher furniss-roe from pontypool, south wales, was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the' childish' argument with his younger sister.	his father jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital.	coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was probably looking for' sympathy and forgiveness' after the row.
muhammadu buhari said his government will do' everything in their power' to bring the students home - but said he could not promise they would find them.	the announcement came as a march was held through the nigerian capital of abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in chibok.	it is now a year since more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by boko haram militants.
tommy thompson, 62, and girlfriend alison antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in columbus, ohio.	tommy thompson and his girlfriend alison antekeier, 42, failed to appear in court in 2012 and abandoned their florida mansion.	he was accused of cheating his 161 investors, who paid $12.7 million to find the ship, out of the proceeds.	thompson, who at one time defended thompson's company, said there was no proof thompson stole anything.
researchers have discovered that people who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions.	at least half a million britons suffer from sleep apnoea, which is most often found in middle-aged, overweight men.
susan monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern oregon, went on trial on tuesday in medford.	she has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small jackson county community and dismembering the bodies.	both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
kyle hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle.	ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property.	hargreaves said:' what's your problem? we are just trying to have sex'.
carwyn scott-howell's death was a tragic accident, according to state prosecutor pierre yves michau.	carwyn, seven, plunged 160ft to his death in flaine, france, while skiing with his mother ceri and siblings gerwyn and antonia, after becoming separated from them.	his mother thought he had continued to their accommodation but raised the alarm when he did not return.
the detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on sydney streets, defining it as a ‘ real revolution and turning point in photography.	the word snapshot emerged from this style of photography and the photographers were called snap shooters’.	she said that this was the first time people would’ve been confronted with the idea of being photographed without their knowledge.
hbo's hit series premiere have leaked the first four episodes online.	the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on saturday night.	episodes beginning this year's season are titled the wars to come, the house of black and white, high sparrow and the sons.
thomson airways flight from london to mexico was forced to divert to bermuda.	the plane, carrying 278 passengers, was met by six police cars.	the two male passengers involved were subsequently escorted off the plane.	it is not known at this time as to the nationality or the exact actions.
the 29-year-old woman, named by local media as samantha or amanda, was chased by police through the pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car.	after the smashed-up car came to a halt, officers broke the front passenger window of the vehicle to arrest her when she refused to open the door.
jade wimsey, 24, from goole, east yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories.	her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb.	she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good.
retired chief executive rené dee watched as his wife eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple's son had a chance to say goodbye.	the 69-year-old said:' it was such a shock, one minute everyone was telling her how well she was doing and the next moment i am watching her struggling to breathe'.
u.s consumer advisory group set up by the department of transportation.	they say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it's putting our health and safety in danger.	more than squabbling over the arm rest, shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger?
britain's most senior judge has suggested britain's privileged judges must be aware of their' subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society.	he said judges should be' sensitive' to the fact that they usually came from' more privileged sector' than many of those facing them and they should have an understanding of the' different cultural and social habits'.	rebekah dawson refused to give evidence after being told she had to remove her face while testifying.
muhammad naviede, 60, was killed instantly in a plane crash.	the 60-year-old, whose daughter is a former x-factor contestant, sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash on august 20 last year.	the experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text.	investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
1,200 inmates once housed inside holmesburg prison - where some rooms were padded with filthy mattresses.	since its construction in 1895, its high walls housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury.	nearly two decades after its closure in 1995, all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history.
glynis barber, the glacially beautiful half of itv’s 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace, will be collecting her bus pass.	it is impossible, frankly, not to wonder whether mother nature has been given a, shall we say, little helping hand.
abedin left capital city fruit in norwalk, iowa on wednesday ahead of hillary clinton, and headed toward the campaign van that aides have nicknamed' scooby'.	abedin has known clinton since 1996, when she scored a white house internship working for the then-first lady.
ed miliband admitted that labour made mistakes on immigration.	but the tories said there was nothing in mr miliband's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to britain, after net migration hit 298,000 in a year.	mr miliband pledged a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers.
transport workers' union's national secretary tony sheldon condemned the requested change to the fair work act.	aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to workplace relations productivity commission.	aldi's experience is that employees are keen for the opportunity of guaranteed additional hours and commensurate income.
leo grand, a homeless man, launched his first app, a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change.	on the night he launched his own app and made headlines, leo grand is still homeless.	but trees for cars is no longer available, and grand is still homeless.	grand realized he could go through' $100 in a few days'.
ian gibson from hillingdon in middlesex told an employment tribunal that he was subjected to a tirade of' horrible harassment' while working at h and g contracting services ltd at heathrow airport.	the 60-year-old joined the company as plane refueller in december 2007, three decades after he was medically discharged from the british army's parachute regiment.	in 2010 he underwent a knee replacement and had further surgery on his other knee two years later.
the fbi's handling of reports about a saudi family fleeing florida two weeks before the 9/11 attacks has raised suspicion that the agency is whitewashing any involvement by the middle eastern country.	relatives of homeowner esam ghazzawi lived in the plush sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars, furniture and food in their refrigerator behind right before the 9/11, prompting some to say they knew about the attacks.
chris rowe was dismissed by doctors five times in two months.	the father-of-one, whose wife kate is expecting their second child in june.	he was dismissed by doctors five times in two months.
the nantucket wooden chair, which once sat on a first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship, was salvaged by a search team from the atlantic ocean after the titanic sank in 1912.	the ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken to port in halifax, nova scotia.	one was given by a crew member to captain julien lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the mackay-bennett.
london mayor given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter yesterday as he helped colleagues campaign in ramsgate.	as he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his cheek.	mr johnson said he' profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop mr farage from winning the target seat of south thanet.
denmark's crown princess mary, 43, treated her three youngest children, princess isabella, seven, and twins princess josephine and prince vincent, four, to a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge, a village in zealand.	mary was as fashionable as ever and appeared to have taken inspiration from the rural location in her tweed jacket and jeans.
australian designers are among the fashion houses rejecting traditional skinnier models in favour of strong, fit girls.	the models will include sjana, kate kendall, amanda bisk, juliet burnett, and lindy klim.	bisk is a former commonwealth games pole vaulter, sprinter and yogi, kendall is a qualified yoga instructor and burnett is a professional ballet dancer.
carwyn scott-howell was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop.	footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed.	they also described how the boy’s mother cari, 44, desperately tried to find her missing son.
staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet at a chinese burger bar.	workers who found the baby, who was wrapped in a shirt, was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta.	she was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect.
nigel farage's campaigning got off to a faltering start today as he missed a ukip event after getting stuck in traffic.	the ukip leader was expected at a farm in staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending.	but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car.	mr farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the m4.
historic carlton tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week - just days before it was due to be marked as a listed building.	landlady patsy lord was told by the owners on easter monday to close for an' inventory' but returned two days later to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing.	it was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by hitler's bombs during the blitz but did not survive developer cltx ltd.
a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the european space agency’s metop-b satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine and above average temperatures.	parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6c in achnagart, north of fort william and 16.4c in pembrey sands, carmarthenshire.
team bus carrying fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from an away game was shot at on saturday night.	security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit, averting an accident.	none of the players or club officials were reported to be injured.
turkey has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of a prosecutor held during an armed siege last week.	images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and' deeply upset' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz, the hostage who was killed.	two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him.
fbi chief james coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness.	he said the force depends on its agents' ability to' run, fight and shoot'.	older agents are given slightly longer times to perform the tests.
the fbi and nypd said on wednesday that up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station.	no one was injured, but police commissioner william bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6.	officials said the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in iraq and afghanistan.
katie cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman after police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival.	she had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave.	mrs cope, who has owned the baklash store in nottingham city centre for 33 years, was away when the thief struck last thursday.
darkness fell on the beach in hokota, around 60 miles northeast of tokyo, coastguards and officials called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached.	the rest of the animals had either died or were dying, they said.	workers use a crane to remove one of the 146 melon-headed whales that died when beached in hokota.
tyler grant, a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as' they,'' them', or' their' instead of' he,' or' she,' and sometimes wears women's clothing.	video footage posted to twitter from early on sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because grant was dressed in' inappropriate attire,' reports the houston chronicle.	austin, texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality.
lord stevens was deputy commissioner of the metropolitan police from 1998 to 2000.	watchdog probe stems from a complaint from stephen’s father neville lawrence.	lord stevens was deputy commissioner of metropolitan police from 1998 to 2000.
the show will mark nigella's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to mr saatchi and the subsequent court case, in which she was forced to divulge details of the pair's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use.	the show will see the celebrity chef focus on' a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'.
wigry national park, in north-east poland, is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes.	it is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes (poland’s lake district), and the most sparsely populated.
kent sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a dallas-area convenience store.	sprouse was convicted of the death of ferris police officer harry marvin' marty' steinfeldt iii, who was shot outside the ferris food mart about 20 miles south of dallas.	no new appeals are pending as sprouse's lethal injection scheduled for thursday evening approaches.	no new appeals since then have focused on whether sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings in 2002.
leonie granger, 25, targeted playboy mehmet hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in london’s west end.	honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants.	police found damning mobile phone footage of granger and the men laughing and throwing around £50 notes.
officers from police scotland’s edinburgh division posted pictures of the lego on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime.	victims branded the move as ‘insensitive’ and ‘ a joke’.	break-ins in edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent to 22,272 over the same period.
paul bakewell, 35, from walsall, west mids, secretly designed a poster which he then had emblazoned on the 20ft-tall advertising hoarding and covered over.	the dad-of-one arranged for his partner tara barber, 32, to be driven past the billboard by her boss who pretended they were going to a business meeting on friday morning.	but the pretty hairdresser was left speechless when the car stopped at the 30ft-wide poster on the a34 in walsall, west mids.
two deputies were captured on film kicking francis pusok, an alleged horse thief, in the groin.	the footage shows two deputies catch up with pusok on foot after he falls off the horse, and they stun him with a taser.
the australian charities and not-for-profits commission made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday.	the organisation is run by well-known brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger who has penned a number of children's books.	the decision was effective from april 1 and the organisation had 60 days to lodge an appeal.
nasa has spotted an exoplanet 13,000 light-years away.	the planet is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way.	astronomers are using these blips to find and characterise planets tens of thousands of light-years away in the central bulge of our galaxy.
phylise davis-bowens, 42, attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach, florida.	she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers.	the 14 karat gold dancers are regular performers at sporting events.
doctors are putting the health of women and their babies at risk by performing caesarean sections too readily.	un officials warn the procedure should only be carried out when ‘ medically necessary’ because it can lead to infections and even death.
josiah duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson, who he met while the pair were taking spanish lessons together.	per the duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.	josiah has known marjorie for a number of years, he explained that he first started thinking about her in a romantic way when they went on a mission trip to el salvador in december.
tristram hunt asked the youngster who he would vote for in next month's election if he could take part.	the mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained' it is n't about being foreign'.	but she added:' i do n't really think my son understands the impact of what he said, but i have n't decided who i am going to vote for?'
the bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head.	the victim, who has not been identified, was airlifted to the hospital.	an update on his condition was n't immediately available.
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members.	as a popular member of the community he often pops into people’s houses, goes with them on the weekly shop and has even joined them for christmas dinner.	he’ll also accompany the local children as they walk to school – perched on their shoulders.
the four-bedroom property in central london's farm street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace.	among its features is a private lift and guest cloakroom.	it is being sold for £25million by estate agents wetherell and knight frank.
the 24-year-old, better known as stephen james, is now becoming one of the most in-demand models in the industry, and one of the first ever to be a full tattooed one at that.	he has lucrative contracts with calvin klein and diesel under his belt.
the aerodrome manual was accidentally uploaded onto a public section of the mod's website and could have been downloaded by argentine intelligence agents to help prepare a mission to recapture the islands.	the blunder occurred as argentina was described as a' very live threat' by defence secretary michael fallon.	this comes as argentina is preparing to lease 12 sukhoi su-24 long-range bombers.
chris copeland, 31, and his wife, katrine saltare, 28, were stabbed in an early-morning argument outside a new york city club early on wednesday.	copeland, who plays for the atlanta hawks, was arrested for failing to clear the scene for police and he is seen being escorted out of the 10th precinct of the nypd on wednesday.	he then turned on saltare, stabbing her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources said.
superior court judge susan garsh punished robert cusanelli of whdh-tv after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday.	robert cusanelli of boston's whdh-tv was banned from the bristol county courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the' purpose of reporting this case'.	cusanelli acknowledged that he followed the jurors, saying he made the decision to do so on his own to find out where jurors were parking.
footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach, florida, over the weekend.	when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match.	both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back.
pupil xiao gao has not said a word in five days after a classmate he' does not get on with' gave him the water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust.	but medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage.
ashley dodds, 29, visited the red hot world buffet on deansgate, manchester.	after ordering a non-alcoholic sweet kiss' mocktail' for the girls, ms dodds was disgusted when she heard that her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version.
inxs guitarist kirk pingelly and his surfing champion wife layne beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home.	the couples queenscliff neighbour, wendy goyer, claimed her' small but charming view' would be obstructed if mr pengilly and ms beachley's addition was built.	the pair's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $2.6 million and features extensive views of freshwater and queenscliff beaches.
richard iii's skeleton found to a distinctive scoliosisof the spine.	but research on the king's skeleton discovered under a council car park.	genetic analysis showed that richard iii had blue eyes and likely had blonde hair.
amelia-jane harris, 20, says her new' dream body' is actually a nightmare, as crohn's disease means she is in constant pain and can not eat.	the illness has seen miss harris lose more than 18 stone (252lbs) in 20 months, as she regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain.
in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014, the area around azle, texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes.	now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground.	a series of earthquakes rattled a small texan community have been linked to nearby oil and gas operations.
justice diana bryant told a room full of journalists that surrogacy laws currently need a major overhaul to prevent cases of abandonment.	she said she believes that because commercial surrogacy is banned in australia, hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas.	documents revealed the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
the unique experiment tracked stolen data from california as it travelled the globe.	it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks.	overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times.
air india captain claims a co-pilot misbehaved and struck him during an altercation in the cockpit of a plane shortly before it was scheduled to take off.	both pilots have been derostered after the captain of flight ai611 complained that the co-pilot had misbehaved and struck him, the times of india reported.	an inquiry has been ordered into the incident to determine whether any of the parties involved should be disciplined.
tonya stack, whose husband mike stack, wife of lieutenant governor mike stack, and a political opponent.	when he described the gesture aloud as' a trashy move', he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at him, according to a report by philly.com.
new poll by yougov ahead of charles and camilla's 10th wedding anniversary.	49 per cent believe camilla should become queen when prince charles accedes to the throne although 35 per cent believe she should be rewarded with a lesser title.
kyle iveson burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from shop assistant karen brown, the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter.	he attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice, but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police straight away.	he was quickly arrested and has now pleaded guilty to robbery and being in possession of a bladed article.
former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign, which was launched last week, in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday.	bill clinton made the comment in oklahoma city on sunday where he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995.	he addressed hundreds of people gathered at the site of the federal building to commemorate the dead.
kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel.	the former child star turned real housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with dr. phil set to air april 28, her first for a national audience since the arrest.	among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.
betty johnson, 86, was a kansas city chiefs ticket holder since 1986.	she was known as' grandma' by several players and received a kiss from wide receiver dwayne bowe every game (above).	wide receiver dwayne bowe would kiss her at every game, and former return specialist and wide receiver dante hall took off his coat and gave it to her.
sarah stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles, has documented her changing figure via her instagram page throughout her pregnancy, earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process.	although the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure.
chen yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the busy streets of hefei city.	the unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his nine-year-old son chen minghao, who is suffering from leukaemia.
john pat cunningham, 27, was shot by the army in a field in benburb, county armagh.	a 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in england.	he is being taken to northern ireland for questioning at the police's serious crime suite in antrim.
elad hershkowitz, a zookeeper at the zoological center in tel aviv, placed a gopro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives.	the animals – ranging from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it – were recorded for a total of 30 hours.
katie hopkins has written that australia's' tiny hearts and balls of steel' should be followed as policy by the brits.	it's apparently the perfect combination in dealing with asylum seeker boats, and a policy which could be copied by britain.	australian prime minister tony abbott has been' praised' for leading the charge to stop the boats.
timothy fradeneck was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children, whose bodies were found monday in their eastpointe, michigan home.	authorities say that fradeneck used a usb cord to kill 37-year-old christine fradeneck and the children, celeste fradeneck and timothy fradeneck iii.	they made no comments to reporters about the tragic loss.
horrifying images of a baby elephant tied to a pole outside a restaurant in december last year.	the change.org petition, titled' please release nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves!' has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago.	ms singleton said nadia is also used by another company in thailand in weddings.
isis' gruesome punishments dictates that' spying for disbelievers' is punishable by death - a fate this man suffered by being publicly crucified.	couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and' banishment' from the community.
the u.s surgeon general has enlisted elmo to urge american children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization.	a campaign video sees dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children safe and healthy.
stephen hogger was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures.	the 55-year-old, who had been at the 14th century church in lavenham, suffolk, for 17 years, was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures.
george osborne dodged questions over plans to offer more help to the country's top earners.	george osborne has avoided calls to rule out further help for the country's top earners, offering vague answers when asked whether those raking in more than £50,000 could see the rate lowered.
raffaele sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of the murder of surrey-born meredith, 21, in 2007.	the 31-year-old was spotted out and about with a blonde companion this week looking at a £105,000 bmw at a car dealership in rome, italy - days after he was seen looking at a £105,000 bmw.	mr sollecito and his former lover, american amanda knox were both acquitted in late march ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years.
the 4wd, containing four children and an adult, crashed into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne's outer west, just before 4pm.	police believe that all children are under the age of six.
terrorist group isis has released photographs of its militants destroying christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the iraqi city of mosul.	it's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping.	the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration.
commuters are struggling with their umbrellas in the fierce winds.	many have learned the hard way that their trusty shelters can’t withstand cyclone strength conditions.	a man battles to keep control of his umbrella against strong winds in sydney on tuesday.
richard sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend ashley moss on instagram.	rayden was born on february 5, just a few days after the game.	he previously shared a photo that showed him holding rayden's hand shortly after his birth and one of the newborn with his feet in the sand on the beach.
sharon edwards' car was left parked in her driveway and clothes she had been wearing on march 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.	her son eli edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on saturday march 14 in grafton, nsw.	there was no sign of forced entry at her grafton home on the nsw north coast.
asylum seeker jafar adeli, who is of afghani origin, was snared by a paedophile vigilante group called letzgo hunting.	married adeli, 32, arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl after engaging in sexual conversations online.	adeli agreed to pay for' amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey from hinckley, leicestershire, to leicester.
parenting blogger emily-jane clark, who runs the popular site how to survive a sleep thief, which she describes as' an antithesis to baby advice'.	the mothers have to deal with the never-ending conveyor belt of friends and family who are desperate to see the new addition.
melbourne-based jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near wangaratta, northeast victoria, over the easter long weekend.	when he checked the nine hours of footage, mr czerniecki stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle, which shows the canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
joanne bolton told how she was going to die at the hands of steven young during the' brutal and merciless' ordeal.	the 35-year-old was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home.	miss bolton was already fleeing from a violent relationship when she met young and jumped at the chance to move in with him after staying in a refuge.
dawn bainbridge, 47, of west rainton, county durham, led a' family business' that saw her and her two daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the north.	their company' designer goods north east' took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months, had detailed sales records and even a debters' book.	in a note seized by police, one daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone.
unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory.	famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include imogen thomas and stephanie pratt.
the tiny copper coin, which is smaller than a penny, dates from the iron age almost 2,300 years ago.	it was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between bristol and bath.	experts have dated the coin to between 300 bc and 264 bc.
hailey baldwin has been friends with kendall jenner since she was starting out ; both models have famous last names.	she has quickly gone on to become a star in her own right.	kate also recalls how, the first time she met hailey, she was struck by the star's social media influence.
researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen.	tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause.
researchers from manchester university working with drug development company evgen pharma have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem.	it is hoped the new approach will target cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs and cause the tumour to re-grow.
two brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms.	selenium is needed for the production of antibodies, important for a healthy immune system, and the hormone thyroxine, needed to regulate metabolism.	you need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium.
nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999.	many said their children were not mature enough to learn the life-saving skill.	an even greater number said their children would not know what to do in an emergency.
pan american world airways (pan am) was a dominant and influential airline which declared bankruptcy and ceased operations in 1991.	british airways promoted its launch of the concorde in the 1970s (left) while trans world airlines promoted its new york route.	new york was one of the most popular destinations featured in the adverts in airline visual identity 1945-1975.
jason warnock, 29, came forward thursday and identified himself as the mystery man who rescued a driver in distress wednesday morning in lewiston, idaho.	he then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko, 23, out to safety.	warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the picture of the amazing rescue went viral online.	warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for.
ed miliband said poll' ai n't going to happen' even if he becomes prime minister with the support of snp mps next month.	former foreign secretary william hague added snp could be' calling the tune' if ed miliband became pm on the back of snp support.
kate - who was ordered to rehab by michael last year, is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of lindsay lohan.	tmz report that michael made a 911 call around 7:02pm on thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated.	kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking, claimed michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating.
christianne boudreau thought her son damien clairmont was going to egypt to study arabic in 2013.	canadian authorities told the calgary mother that her son had instead gone to turkey where he crossed the border into syria to join isis.	ms boudreau says she raised her son damien in a catholic household, but he converted to islam at the age of 17.
wylie brys was digging with his dad, tim brys, back in september at a construction site near a mansfield, texas, grocery store when he made the ancient discovery.	the pair had been finding fish vertebrae, but when wylie came back with the bone, brys asked him to take him to where he found it, according to ksax.	and now, scientists from southern methodist university have helped a dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil.
airbus is set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its airbus a380 model.	the change is due to come into place in 2017 and a fourth class introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat.	some critics have gone as far as calling the new set-up' economy minus'.
eve addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic, she assumed she must have an allergy.	but she became worried when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash - she saw her gp.	tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system.
betty willis died in her las vegas home on december 30, 2004.	the 91-year-old artist's sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip.	she has a t-shirt from san francisco with that city's name swapped in for las vegas in front of the sign's recognizable shape.	kelly said her personality was akin to a strong, fast-talking female lead in movies like' his girl friday.
tykeran hamilton, 25, borrowed the rented black bmw 3 series.	he spotted a friend waiting for a bus, leaned out of the window and shouted' watch this' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road at 7am.	moments later, he crashed into cyclist alan knight, 64, who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round, then drove away at high speed.
catherine gerhardt got her business of the ground, she chose to reach out to her competitors and ask them if they were interested in collaborating.	she now uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online' flamers'.
victorian building built on the site of england’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the bethlehem royal hospital, which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as ‘bedlam’.	instead of mental health patients, it's the likes of beyonce, lil kim and lady gaga that stay here these days.
rony john, 15, died after jumping into the river great ouse in hartford, cambridgeshire, despite being unable to swim.	coroner said she would now write to government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.	coroner belinda cheney said:' swimming is not a difficult skill to learn yet it is a critical life skill'.
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury, connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl.	she was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain.	this after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
stasi - the' stasi' during the 40 year existence of the east german state - is a new book containing these photos of desperation which the socialist rulers used as' evidence'.	they were also thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents intended to inculcate in them awareness of the lengths people would go to in order to try to escape the confines of east germany.	but photographer arwed messmer, who discovered the pictures, sees another reason for the pictures, showing exactly how they had planned to escape from the german democratic republic.
new poll reveals almost a quarter of brits prefer their pets to their in-laws.	22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above in-laws (21 per cent) but below grandparents at 26 per cent.
kezzia french, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old andrea to rest in 1999.	but only found out more than a decade later that police had removed virtually all her vital organs.	the little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, meyrick fowler, then 24, who flew into a rage when his lottery number's did n't come up at their home in ipswich.	it was only two years after police admitted that her brain had been cremated in 2009, after it had been sent to a hospital in sheffield for examination, without their knowledge.
applicants must meet a strict criteria including measuring 5ft 6in, have a 25½in waist, a high hip of 35, low hip of 36½ and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob, so they look like sienna miller.
thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away.	many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands.	ignorant that they must fork out for a new digital one – even if the existing paper disc is months from expiry.
tom schweich, who was running as a republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide.	schweich's death and the apparent suicide a month later of his spokesman spence jackson have sent shockwaves through missouri politics.
workers in china have been pictured building a walkway for tourists while perched thousands of feet up a mountain side in pingjiang county, hunan province.	builders are left standing on nothing more than rusty-looking scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the rock to extend the road further round the cliff.	pingjiang county is well-known for its mountains, with the mufu mountain range sweeping through most of the province.
france began setting up a command base in northern niger at the end of last year.	the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the sahel – the desert region which stretches across north africa.	france has a reputation as the policeman of africa.
arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide.	the process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the general electric labs in schenectady, new york.	since 2007, cap has put about $1 million toward research happening in other states.
the all-gender restroom has opened in the eisenhower executive office building.	the facility is the first of its kind at the white house and according to spokesman jeff tiller it’s something that fits in with the administration’s stance on lgbt issues.
four sisters, including the two older girls emil and claire, had a' monster' of a father who abused them and their mother, or so the story went after the girls were removed from their home in italy.	laura garrett has consistently maintained that she was removing her daughters from italy back to australia for their own safety.
team of experts at brandeis university in massachusetts have a few words of wisdom.	they believe the memory neurons are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones.	studies have shown that sleep is critical in converting short-term memories, into long-term memory, a process known as memory consolidation.
dale forrest, 26, of bolton, would sink up to 12 pints a night, but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends.	in december 2013, the bank teller decided to ditch the booze, give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym.
insider turned author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city.	mailonline travel chatted with tomsky to get the answers to some of our most common items that people take from hotels.
robert tomanovich, who owns robert's discount tree service in livonia, michigan, first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag, printed with the slogan' i ai n't coming down,' on a fence at his home.	when neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street.	tomanovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist, although an employee has admitted that the second noose was a deliberate move to antagonise locals.
the pain can severely impact on quality of life, as eating and drinking are significantly affected.	they are usually shallow and occur on the tongue or inside the lip or cheek.	it is equally important to consider multiple chronic mouth ulcers.
fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter describes how the three former srt directors were at the top of the chain during sentencing on tuesday in atlanta.	he called the cheating scandal' the sickest thing that's the sickest thing that's ever happened in this town'.	defense attorney angela johnson holds her hand on her client, former atlanta public school teacher pamela cleveland.
tavon watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando.	he slammed the $220,000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail, killing 35-year-old race track employee gary terry.	the fhp is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite, clockwise direction of the guardrails.
ukip's vote has fallen in nine.	support for mr farage's party has more than halved in two seats.	support for mr farage's party has more than halved in two seats.
michelle heale of tom's river, new jersey claims she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce, but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped.	she claims she was burping mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped when she took him of her shoulder.	heale was babysitting mason as she was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child.
the video, complete with dry ice, is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the tories, lib dems, labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration.	it sees mr cameron tell voters how' a vote for me's the same as a vote for any of us guys'.
there are apps that help you choose the best places to eat dinner.	but with thousands on the market, how do you know which ones are the best? femail has picked the ten every foodie should have.
iran has forbidden its citizens from travelling to saudia arabia's holy sites.	the announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers.	sunni saudi arabia has led the bombing campaign against yemeni shiite rebels.
margaret gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession.	she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of' bombs and blowing up the school' in an asian accent.	she even displayed a golly magnet in her office and made' monkey noises' on one occasion when talking about black people.
annegret raunigk, 65, was plunged into a vortex of travel and trials thanks to the wish of daughter leila, who turns ten this year, but says she is not bothered about what people say about her decision to have more children so late in life.	their scheduled births for the schoolteacher from spandau, berlin, is just weeks away - but there are major fears the health risks for her unborn quads will spike massively if they are induced early.
the new zealand family of fourteen walked out of a remote christian commune that shuns the outside world are adjusting well to life in the wider community.	many family are pictured here in traditional gloriavale uniforms, although they are now allowed to wear' modest' clothing.	gloriavale is a christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the new testament.
kerry' is delusional' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it.	the republican lawmaker told radio host hugh hewitt during his thursday program.	mccain, responding to the supreme leader of iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is' instant,' said he had' sympathy' for iranian ayatollah ali khamenei, because kerry' must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord'.
hannah moore, 20, from broxburn in west lothian, did n't get that far.	her images of the stretchmarks on her tummy were vetoed by the world's biggest photo-sharing website within minutes of her posting them.	the mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate' nudity and violence' which breach the site's decency guidelines.
andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression.	the minister for investment and trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on abc's q & a program, and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach.	mr robb said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to sneeze - because it would give him a' hit of endorphins'.
rebecca calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she used her victims' bank card to withdraw large amounts of cash.	she was jailed for 12 months after she pleaded guilty to nine counts of theft.	liverpool crown court was told she had previously been employed by a company called makerfield care - who are no longer in business.
rajul patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at virgin active health clubs across london.	in one spree, patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet, isleworth crown court was told.	he was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout.	when challenged about the items he was removing, he replied:' do you not trust me?'
liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central, which had a 5,500 labour majority in 2010, and is a traditional labour stronghold.	the candidate, who is gay, is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page appearing to lick a female friend's breasts.	but mr marshall-ascough has insisted the photos, taken seven years ago, just show him out having fun with close friends' like a normal person'.
trevor vale took to his social media account on tuesday while on a long-haul trip from darwin to melbourne to appeal to his fellow countrymen.	mr vale calls on australians to make it their business to attend an anzac day service and show the anzacs the respect they deserve.	mr vale revealed in the video that his wife' was not making tea' while she was in timor and afghanistan.
ronnie lungu was singled out as' a marked man' by wiltshire police.	it found the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues after his internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy.	it also heard evidence that derogatory comments were made about mr lungu based on his colour violating his dignity.
gary terry, 36, was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry on sunday when he plowed the $220,000 lamborghini he was driving into a guardrail, killing his 36-year-old passenger.	father-of-one terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
pentagon announced tuesday plans to exhume the bodies of some 400 sailors and marines who were killed on the uss oklahoma on december 7, 1941, in the japanese assault on pearl harbor.	the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7, 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces.	429 sailors and marines onboard were killed.
max muggeridge, 19, from coomera was camping at tweed heads just across the nsw border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish.	an avid angler, mr muggeridge could n't believe his luck when a huge four metre tiger shark took a bite of his line, and he spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore.
aaron hernandez is seen in court on tuesday as his attorney shows a video of his home before closing arguments.	the former new england patriots player, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister.
yaphet kotto, who starred as dr kananga in the 1973 bond installment live and let die, said the role was created by ian fleming for a white character.	his comments come in response to months of speculation that black british actor idris elba is in the running to be named as daniel craig's successor.
labour said the' marie antoinette' moment by the work and pensions secretary showed' just how out of touch the tories are' about the lives of working people.	the future of zero-hours deals has become of the key issues of the election battle over jobs, with labour pledging to ban exploitative deals.	tory cabinet minister iain duncan smith said that zero-hours contracts were' wrongly named'.
fox news anchor chris wallace has issued an apology after' fat shaming' kelly clarkson in a radio interview.	during the interview with conservative talk show host mike gallagher, the 67-year-old was asked:' have you seen kelly clarkson? you know the singer, kelly clarkson? you know the singer's'.
vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists to give ordinary catholics the tools needed to recognise a case of demonic possession when they see one.	one of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions.	experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult.
new york mayor bill de blasio waves as he stands with members of the families of new york city police detectives wenjian liu and rafael ramos.	nypd families were joined by mayor bill de blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny.
exotic dancers showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club than a funeral home.	the exotic dancers had been hired by mrs jian, who said she booked them to perform at her husband’s funeral as her last gift to him.	mrs jian said she knew her spouse always had an eye for the ladies.
celebrities and music lovers gathered on friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the annual coachella music and arts festival.	the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as azealia banks, alabama shakes and interpol.
visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit.	his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury.	though the felines appeared to avoid the child, dr christopher kuhar, executive director at the zoo, said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday.
american model kendra spears has been known as princess salwa since her marriage to the aga khan's son prince rahim.	the baby, a boy named prince irfan, was born in the swiss city of geneva last saturday and both mother and child are doing well.	the model, 26, had been considered' the next cindy crawford' by her agency ford models.
whitney fetters, from putnam city, oklahoma, turned herself into cops in february after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $10,000 bail.	she allegedly exchanged naked photos and sexual videos with the boy, and sent him over to get high and have sex.	she has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and one count of possession of marijuana.
karlie kloss is spreading her passion for computer coding and empowering young women by teaming up with the flatiron school in new york.	the 22-year-old model was filmed working with other students at the flatiron school in new york, where her scholarship recipients will be taking a two week software engineering program.	karlie is donating $20,000 of her own money for the classes.	she describes herself as a' model, ballerina and cookie expert' in the clip.
becky cooper and bridget yorston unveiled their highly anticipated swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on monday.	following a preview lunch on sunday, attendees at the carriageworks in sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits.	animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
more than 100 pupils have been removed from their classes at schools in washington because they could not prove they have had the required vaccinations.	the virus has swept several states in america and california and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago.	they are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called # everydayfix.	they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems.	the products were designed as part of the direct line everyday fix design makeathon.
nick clegg was heckled by protesters in surbiton, south-west london.	he said:' nick clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free'.	mr clegg said the chancellor's plans would do' so much damage'.
christina mejia first outlined her accusations in a lawsuit filed against the cook county sheriff's office in illinois in 2010 and the trial is scheduled to begin next week.	her daughter, jessica mejia, was killed in the early hours of december 31, 2009 when her ex-boyfriend, nicholas sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole.	when deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from mejia's dead body and took photographs of her.
a four man team of armed guards now protects sudan the northern white rhino who is the last male of his species.	the greater one-horned rhino, meanwhile, sometimes called the indian rhino, looks as if it’s been riveted together from pieces of boiler-plate.
moira gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at st james's palace where she had begun a new role at the royal collection trust, when she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster.	the leading art and design figure, who had recently left her position as director of design at the v & a, was the fifth cyclist killed on london's road this year.	moira gemmill, 55, was killed by a tipper lorry while cycling to work near lambeth bridge yesterday morning.
dustin irons was appearing over video-link to a court in oregon.	he managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs.	the outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
heartbroken owner tony tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the show-quality guinea pigs stolen leaving more ordinary rodents behind.	but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in crediton, devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind.	tony, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country.
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden.	the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check.	wkmg reports that an initial investigation determined there was foul play.
former white house aide kristina schake is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex-secretary of state, hillary clinton - elected president next year.	she will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician - who is expected to announce her run for white house this month.
woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white honda as the teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the fast track car wash in smyrna, georgia.	but the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot.	police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life.
russian president vladimir putin attended the easter sunday service in moscow, meeting with the patriach of moscow and all russia kirill, while pope francis held a commemorative service in st peter's basilica in the vatican with armenian clergy to mark 100 years since the armenian genocide.
the queen and princess margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the queen mother's 90th birthday in august 1990.	the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time, which were incredibly popular when the queen was 64 at the time and margaret 59.
matthew kenney smoked flakka before he streaked though traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers.	flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed' $5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost.
thames & hudson £19.95 back in 1961 three young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river in a remote part of the amazon.	one of them, richard mason, became the last englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe, when he was murdered with bows and arrows.	flooding could cause chunks of land, smashing everything in their way.
activision blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year.	it will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band, and instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors.
anne-louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer, called ewing’s sarcoma, aged just five, and her parents were informed she only had three months to live.	incredibly anne-louise went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family.	anne-louise, who grew up in sydney, collapsed in the waiting area of the canadian hospital and is believed to have died suddenly from a burst cyst in her pancreas.
the vietnamese woman was waiting to board at tan son nhat international airport in ho chi minh city, vietnam, when the incident took place.	the traveller had checked in and was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker.	nguyen thi hang placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out and slapped the member of staff in the face.
oklahoma roommates jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were both found to be' highly intoxicated' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on april 14 around 1am.	the men were arguing over which phone was better, police said.	acevedo, 21, has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon, according to the police report.
paddle, pellita, chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to mark singapore's 50th anniversary of independence.	the four koalas are being gifted to singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence.
dan price, ceo of gravity payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent.	ceo of a seattle startup has instituted a $70,000 minimum wage at his credit card processing company.	he's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries.
sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015.	it comes as a special magazine supplement from philosphie which focused in the koran also saw a spike in sales.	experts believe people are buying the books and magazines, because they want a better understanding of the religion.
hillary clinton is deadly serious about attracting young and tech-savvy voters in 2016.	hiring a new digital guru who hails from the world's most powerful online brand.	will serve as her presidential campaign's chief technology officer.
controversial plans for houses behind park crescent west have been unveiled by property developer pcw property holdings.	the crescent's facade will look near-on identical to its current design, but residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals, claiming years of noise and disruption.
the nsw state emergency service (ses) are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise, abusing people’s goodwill as nsw is ravaged by wild weather.	the public have been alerted to the scheme via an important notice issued on the nsw ses facebook page.	nsw ses assure the public have been alerted to the scheme via an important notice issued on the nsw ses facebook page.
japanese artist megumi igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3d printer.	she's pictured here with the frame of a kayak she created modelled on her own vagina.	igarashi was arrested in july, but was freed several days later following a legal appeal and after thousands signed a petition demanding her release.	she was held in custody for around a month before being granted bail.
the water temple fair in jiangnan, china, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year.	locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing.
prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat as they compete with each other and with emerging budget chains for customers.	consumers are taking to the shops as they cash in on the falling prices of supermarket staples and clothes.
audrey bolte, who also finished runner-up in miss usa, told prosecutors she was looking forward to seeing poston, 29, at a bar to play pool and drink on october 12, 2012, but he failed to arrive.	prosecutors allege that hubers shot poston because she was furious he was trying to break up with her.	her trial began on monday and during that time, hubers has been held at the campbell county jail in newport.
claudio giardiello was described as' very unusual' and' over the top' by his former lawyer.	the defendant, claudio giardiello, is said to have first killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani, 37, and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge fernando ciampi in an act of revenge' against those that ruined me'.	prosecutors said the attack was carried out with' cold premeditation'.
katie hopkins was today branded' toxic' after saying boats in north africa should be' burned' to cut immigration - just hours after up to 900 migrants drowned in the mediterranean sea.	miss hopkins said on lbc yesterday:' i, for one, believe we should turn back the boats'.
fast bowler jimmy anderson made cricket history in the caribbean on friday by beating the great sir ian botham's all-time england wicket-taking record with his 384th victim in his hundredth test.	anderson's marquee moment in his landmark test arrived in his 21st over when crucially for his team, he had west indies captain dennis ramdin caught by captain alastair cook.	botham's record had been equalled much earlier in the day when anderson had marlon samuel caught in the gully by james treadwell.	botham was watching the test while on media duties with sky sports, where he is commentating.
the collector’s paradise in horfield, bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years, comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even the vintage cupboards.	it's a nondescript semi-detached home from the outside but inside it's a treasure trove with features including beautiful stained glass windows.
politicians' living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish just how human and how like (or unlike) us they really are.	it is the current prime minister's kitchen that has got everyone talking more than any of the other political leaders.	use my short household audit to see how posh your pile really is.
maria lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on the current's website on wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station.	the alleged stalker, patrick henry kelly, from eden prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week.	he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
a lithuanian talk show has accused norway of stealing their children.	the episode of an hour with ruta claimed that foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents to strengthen the nordic country's' genetic material'.	an introduction to the chat show argued that norway's child protection service argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a'sought-after commodity'.	earlier this year, lithuania's gražina leščinskiene hit local headlines after her son gabrieliaus was taken into care by norway's child protection service.
george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, was taken in tuesday night.	police believe he is one of the men caught on video assaulting a woman in panama city.	he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.
irish aviation authority has decided to probe the incident, which took place on good friday, after fellow passengers on board expressed their concerns about the behaviour.	the irish aviation authority are investigating after two passengers were allegedly seen making frequent visits to the cockpit during a ryanair flight from dublin to berlin schönefeld.
andrea lindsay, 43, from prescot, merseyside, transformed her appearance leaving her almost unrecognisable to friends and family.	the mother-of-one shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app and dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.	andrea, 43, from prescot, merseyside, shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app.
uk oil & gas investments (ukog) boasted it had discovered a ‘ world class potential resource’ beneath the home counties.	uk oil & gas investments has backtracked on its claims the uk could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the north sea and kuwait.	sceptics immediately queried the bold claims – as the daily mail reported – but ukog’s millionaire chairman david lenigas insisted at the time that the oil would create thousands of jobs.
david nicholson sent the woman explicit messages saying he was' keen' on her dressing up like a pupil and was' looking forward to putting you over my knee'.	the married father-of-four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke, hampshire.	mr nicholson, from great bedwyn, wiltshire, is still under investigation by ofstead.
lauren york, 15, was found monday afternoon, a day after run away from her home in north ridgeville, ohio.	york's parents believe she left home on her bike around 4am sunday morning, with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone.	earlier in the day, lauren's mother posted on facebook fears she may be heading out of the state.
mum gitte denteneer asked staff at the rubens eaterie in leuven, belgium.	but when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill.	she tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on the twitter social media website.
danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi, 10, and daughter dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.	the meitivs, both of them scientists, have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours.	attorney matthew dowd is representing the meitivs and on tuesday sent a ointed letter regarding sunday's events.
revellers at the arts and music extravaganza in the californian desert are known for their' out there' outfit choices but this year festival-goers wore ever more outlandish looks.	yet even among the acres of exposed flesh, lame pieces, mesh maxi dresses, skintight leggings and leotards, a few stars' dubious style still managed to stand out.
habeeb latheef, 48, told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling.	instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip.	latheef is said to have told the women to turn away from him with their hands behind their backs.
sandra bullock was horrified when she discovered joshua corbett had broken into her house last summer.	terrified sandra, 50, who was in her property at the time, was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard.	corbett, who was found in sandra's home clutching a love letter for the actress, has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him.
two-year-old girl from gardena, california, was found injured outside of jim's burgers 13 miles away.	police are looking for the driver of a white, recent-model nissan altima, which was seen at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted.
rajee narinesingh was one of the victims of' toxic tush' doctor oneal ron morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as fix-a-flat, super glue and mineral oil.	rajee had morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon.
jeremy scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta-stampede, nearly breaking the internet when he sent human barbie dolls down the catwalk.	the creative head, who is famed for making kitsch cool, sent his models down the runway in milan in barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of aqua's iconic 90s hit, i'm a barbie girl.
a five-day old baby hippopotamus is lifted up into the air as it gets caught up in a deadly fight between two adults.	the calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into the air before being dragged along the surface of the water in the isimangaliso wetland park, in eastern south africa.	her decision proved fatal for the baby when one of the brawling adults grabbed the calf between its jaws.
snapchat is believed to show a principal watching pornography in the office of his elite private school.	the picture, taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college, south-west of melbourne, is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography.	mr barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after an investigation, which included a search of his computer.
boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from reykjavik to denver.	it was n't until the plane landed that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane.	the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured.	it is unknown how many people were on board.
theresa may has won the right to stay in britain on human rights grounds.	the 32-year-old admitted that his father was in charge of 65 taliban troops.	but her decision was overturned by immigration judges.
danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from vladivostok.	the 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern russian city using poisoned sausages and setting traps to kill strays and occasionally people's pets.	officials heard the attacks were revenge as he blamed the animals for him contracting tuberculosis several years previously which had left him in a weakened state.
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house.	the ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.	he finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s.
cable tv's foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed us women's prison drama orange is the new black by screening every episode in a full season marathon.	allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.	pedestrian.tv website reports that adversely affects netflix's operations in australia is pre-existing distribution deals cut for its original shows in markets where, it did n't exist.
red squirrels have returned to one of britain's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence.	native reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of england, the isle of wight and scotland.
housing chiefs have been accused of hypocrisy for opposing plans to revive margaret thatcher’s flagship right-to-buy policy.	but housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘ right to steal’.	there were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under european human rights laws.
the twin 18-month-old boys died after falling into an arizona canal last week have been identified as bothers eli and silas keslar of yuma.	authorities have not released any information on how the two boys ended up in the canal, but authorities have said they do n't suspect foul play.	it has not yet been revealed how the boys were swept away in the canal.
emily ratajkowski has become an object of desire for men worldwide.	she said:' you know, i'm a carnivore.	i really like to eat meat.	i like to keep it really balanced to give my body energy and also be healthy'.
heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film at auction on saturday.	the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when she gets attacked in the shanty town.
the spacious five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and hollywood icon ava gardner spent her final years.	it has a grand double-sized reception room, private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building.	there are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes.
hillary clinton ended her whirlwind new hampshire campaign swing on tuesday afternoon in time to take a 7:00 p.m.	us airways shuttle to washington, d.c. on the way, her motorcade passed exits to the manchester, n.h. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination.	scooby' is seen next to the terminal b sign with its side door open.
sarah stage, a 30-year-old from los angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy.	critics claim that maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child.	but her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday.
joanna goodall stole £19,000 from the premier inn hotel where she worked as a receptionist.	the 30-year-old mother, who is pregnant, admitted the thefts between march 2013 and february 2014 at newcastle crown court.	prosecutors had initially accused her of stealing £35,000, but accepted her guilty plea on the basis of the amount being around £19,000.
the army times saw emails where members of the 19th special forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed' uptight mormons' for outrage of their time with the models.	the unnamed investigator said he hoped the utah national guard recommended the removal of pornography and other media' that promote sexist behavior and objectify women or men'.
specialised 77 brigade launched with great fanfare in january in response to the jihadis’ mastery of online propaganda.	it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents who would enable uk forces to fight wars ‘ in the information age’.	but the mail on sunday can reveal that even when fully operational, the brigade will number just 454 and reservist troops.
jaclyn methuen, who nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the' friend zone'.	ryan, 29, says in a web exclusive clip from the episode of married at first sight.
obama administration official said tuesday, michele leonhart, is expected to resign soon.	leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job.	lawmakers have been pushing for leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance.
dr sameer patel, clinical director at the elleven practice in london's harley street, has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the' desk diet'.	offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day.
eddie raymond tipton, 51, of norwalk, iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud.	he was arrested in january for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize, but now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure he would win.	they argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the random number generator selected his number in december 2010.
abc2's new show, tattoo tales, follows the journey of some of the customers of bondi ink, a busy tattoo parlour on sydney's eastern beaches.	for the past three years, jan bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011 at the age of 56.
detective ian cyrus, who has been suspended without pay, was caught on camera stealing cash.	his supervisor has been placed on desk duty.	mr abdullah said detective ian cyrus then bends down and when he stands up, he appears to put the money in his coat pocket.
andy murray's mother judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears.	the 55-year-old tennis coach told closer magazine this week:' i'm really looking forward to being a granny.	i've always wanted to have grandchildren, but i had to be patient'.
experts from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences studied neolithic ornaments in new york city.	these beads are examples of personal ornaments worn by the first european farming societies.	experts looked at the adoption or rejection of ornamental beads or bracelets worn by different populations in the early neolithic period.
peter kelly was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday.	one of the teenagers, levi acre-kendall, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday by the polk county attorney's office.	kelly and his wife christie have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine.
andrew hennells posted a message on facebook admitting his plans to rob a tesco supermarket 15 minutes before holding up staff.	tesco police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff working at the supermarket giant's king's lynn branch.	hennells fled the scene before police arrived, but he was quickly arrested in a nearby pub with £410 in stolen cash.
humane society international has captured shocking images of seals being clubbed to death on canada's ice floes as this year's' commercial hunt' gets underway.	horrifying images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded before they are clubbed to death.
charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body, meaning it shows up in some surprising ways.	these seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns nutritionist charlotte watts.	below, she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
french photographer thomas lamadieu takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings.	the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed' sky art'.
darren goddard' cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with lewis in 1989 after his marriage broke down following a horrific car accident.	mr goddard's daughter cally, 15, created a facebook page for him.
the woman, identified as 24-year-old krista dotzenrod from minnesota by the chicago sun times, said it was' pure luck'.	ms. dotzenrod said she was sitting in her seats in the second row near third base.	within seconds of capturing the ball in her ale, she chugged the beer down with the ball still inside the celebration.
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car (shown).	it has' dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and' crystal laser headlights'.	it also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system.
victoria mckennon is just one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements to graduate from plano senior high school in texas.	the 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her life-threatening condition.
david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife diane, who was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue.	an investigation has found that an ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes to reach the 57-year-old at her home in shildon, county durham.	instead, the grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at darlington memorial hospital.
pietro boselli, 26, originally from brescia, italy, says he tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues at the university college london (ucl) where he taught for fear they might' look down on him'.	in an interview with the times, boselli, an advanced maths lecturer with a phd, said that when he was trying to establish himself as a teacher, he did n't want to include his work for fashion companies.
the couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of south west houston.	her husband admitted to police that they questioned the man extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him.	houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded monday.
a group of nevada sex workers have come out in favor of democratic contender hillary clinton for president.	the group, calling themselves hookers for hillary, all work at dennis hof's infamous moonlite bunny ranch in carson city.	the legal brothel was the subject of hbo's cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement.
ninety condos on the beach in westhampton were obliterated by flames on wednesday afternoon.	it is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.	it is used as a holiday home by residents between may and november.
kim jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine.	the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father, the late kim jong il, and his grandfather, kim il sung, were blindly heralded in days gone by.	subjects include kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he'd even reached double figures.
william and kate are currently prepping for the birth of the second royal baby.	the frenzy has reached america where there are more than a few guesses about royal baby particulars.	international research firm, yougov, has conducted a poll asking the uk and the us their opinions on the second child.
russian military inspectors have arrived at a huge nato war games exercise off the coast of scotland.	they are attending exercise joint warrior, designed to send a signal to the president in the face of continuing aggression.	britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise.
ronald peijenburg, owner of the de zwann restaurant in etten-leur, has previously used a formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable.	the drone, which had a metal can attached containing several asparagus stalks, crashed and exploded mid-journey in the netherlands.	personal drones have surged in popularity with amazon alone selling 10,000 of them every month.
geraldine jones, 36, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming, 23, on april 5.	police believe fleming, 23, was lured from her home by jones and the new mother brought serenity with her.	authorities in texas have taken precautions to make sure jones ca n't leave the hospital and indiana police are hoping to begin extradition proceedings.
circuit judge michael maggio has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction, for which he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in july.	maggio, 52, sparked controversy last march when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the lgbt community over the past several years.	theron adopted the boy, jackson, from her native south africa.
mandy greenwood, 39, from rochdale, greater manchester, said:' my dad used to tell me he only did it because he loved me.	i was more like his wife than his daughter.	' now he's in jail the sense of freedom and relief is incredible.
eric lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a' very rude' cake for naomi campbell.	her pa said: "but it's for naomi!" i told her that i did n't care if it was for the queen.	as it happens, when hm toured the cruise ship britannia after the naming ceremony last month, one of the areas she was most impressed with was eric's atrium-based market café, where the centrepiece is a beautiful, mouth-watering display: dainty, neon-hued raspberry macaroons, eton mess served with popping candy and chocolate salted caramel mille-feuilles.
amol gupta, from manhattan, is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine.	kickball is a popular schoolyard game similar to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.	according to court papers filed in amol gupta's lawsuit, the young professional joined zogsports' kickball league in april 2013.
the video captures the' end of days' band brawling with cops in cottonwood, arizona, on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight.	the gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police.	enoch gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect david gaver, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.
frances clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini during a dip in the sea on her barbados holiday today.	the 53 year old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over easter in the skimpy swimsuit, which was covered in a black palm tree print.	frances has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster - they headed to the island together after he was first pictured with his reported girlfriend phillipa sage.
kaitlyn granado, 24, was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in january.	the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas.	now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year.
photo stylist nathalie croquet, from paris, has recreated the ads for her project spoof.	the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy, lancome, lanvin and acne.	in the images nathalie has worked with over 200 different photographers on various campaigns.
airline codes features 438 airports from 94 countries, allowing users to finally understand why certain airlines are tagged as they are.	two aviation fans set out to document the world's airport codes and explain how they were chosen with their website airport codes.
hillary clinton and huma abedin did n't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an ohio chipotle on monday - despite there being a jar on the counter.	multimillionaire' clinton did n't pay' for the meal, according to wright.	she was spotted standing next to clinton in security camera footage released by the toledo-area store.
jay rutland, 34, is married to the 30-year-old daughter of formula one boss bernie ecclestone.	the couple, who met in january 2013 and were engaged a month later, celebrated sophia’s first birthday last month.
former prime minister said his ideas of leadership were ‘ close to a benevolent dictatorship’.	he said he hoped to stay active in both politics and business well into his 90s.	he said he hoped to stay active in both politics and business well into his 90s.
an intentionally mysterious app called none* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses.	the free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text.	examples of' questions' are pictured above left and right.
james gregoire was arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am.	he is being questioned in connection with the death of the man, who was named locally as james gregoire.	officers have closed off a large area of clacton's town centre as forensic specialists conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene.
netflix is near the top of the pile, paying a median of $180,000 a year.	the other boldface name in the group is google, which comes in at no.	13 and pays an median of $143,000 a year.
michael slager, 33, was charged with murder after shooting walter scott, 50, after stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina.	slager was made to turn through the prison's reception area and take a seat next to a video screen for a talk with him which lasted around two hours.	but the baby will not be able to enter the south carolina prison.
truckers from bulgaria, poland and romania, are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into britain from their home country.	employment agency mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified class a hgv driver to undertake work for four weeks.	truckers from bulgaria, poland and romania who already work in the uk are being offered £100.
cecily hamilton, 16, and her friend taylor swing, 18, died on march 15.	their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below.	shannon hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on sunday.	hamilton's son captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone and posted the footage on facebook.
wei guiyi, 76, has guided her blind hubby huang funeng, 80, around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern china for 30 years since he lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition.	despite her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis, the pensioner never complains about their plights and says she looks forward to every new day.
christian migrants from africa have spoken of making the journey across the mediterranean to escape beheading from islamic state fanatics in libya.	haben, 19, told mailonline:' we are christians but we had to deny our faith otherwise the gunmen would kill us, slit our throats and cut off our heads.	' he and his brother samuel, 14, arrived in sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from libya.	tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos.
the aluminium battery was created at stanford university, california.	it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'.	the battery has' unprecedented charging times' of down to one minute.
stephanie scott's body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park, north of griffith, nsw, on friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer went on regular camping trips.	the department of forensic medicine has made contact with ms scott's family to provide specialist grief counselling.
vera baird donated £500,000 to victims first northumbria, a charity which supports crime victims in her area.	the pair now face a ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting' a soap opera' within the force.	critics have described her selection of charity as' inappropriate' and a conflict of interest.
the 56-page document, believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript in existence, was written in 1942 at the government code and cypher school at bletchley park, in buckinghamshire.	the notebook, in which he details his work on the foundations of mathematical notation and computer science, was sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) in a fine books & manuscripts sale at bonhams in new york.	turing is best known for his contribution to cracking the code used by the germans in their enigma machines during the second world war.	he is often said to be the father of modern computing and artificial intelligence.
shelley dufresne, 32, was arrested in september after the teen in question started bragging to friends at the st charles parish, louisiana school that he had slept with two teachers.	an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current english teacher at the time, dufresne, and his english teacher from the prior year.	respess taught the same student english the year prior.
this modern mansion is located within 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of far north queensland beachfront.	it was designed by architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014.	it has been on the market for over a year, but port douglas real estate agents believe this is the year the property will sell.
45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the british chiropractic association.	they warn that children as young as 12 are seeking treatment.	users lean over them more, putting the neck and shock-absorbing discs that cushion the vertebrae under added pressure.
apple is thought to have sold more than one million of its smartwatches in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order.	but uk buyers who are prepared to wait to get their hands on the eagerly anticipated wearable may want to snap up an apple watch on holiday, because britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy one.
bmw driver rammed a shirtless man in the street after a furious road rage row.	he briefly reversed before ramming into a white mercedes and white prius.	the 25-year-old driver of the white prius was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm.	it is not clear what sparked the argument, but the footage shows the driver of the black bmw aggressively approaching the other car before preventing him from getting out.
maya angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning, was issued a forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions.	first lady michelle obama and oprah winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which features a picture of angelou's face and one of her many memorable quotes.
royal caribbean's legend of the seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked tuesday.	the celebrity infinity cruise liner docked in the southern california city with 106 sick.	crews immediately got to work scrubbing down and sanitizing both ships.	fagan believes the virus came from the ship's port of call in guatemala.
ella henderson has been announced as the official face of the batiste's 2015' ready for it' campaign'.	the campaign sees the 19-year-old singer stood against a blurred city background with her long hair styled into a half-pony.	henderson has commented on her excitement on working with the brand, citing it as a product she uses regularly.
eloise parry, known as ella,' burned up from the inside' after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol, or dnp.	after accidentally taking the lethal dose on april 12, she began feeling unwell at around lunchtime - and drove herself to the royal shrewsbury hospital.	despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
a handwritten notebook in which britain's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $1million (£690,000).	the 56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky' leibniz notation dx/dy'.	it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science.	the notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend and fellow mathematician robin gandy.
marc carn, 29, was drinking in an irish bar with ten friends near to las ramblas on saturday night when he disappeared.	after he failed to turn up for his flight back home, mr carn's worried family contacted the foreign office in a bid to track him down.	but the phoneless 29-year-old today handed himself into the british consulate - having walked for two days to try and get back to barcelona.	he has just walked in to the british consulate to say he was stranded.
peter endean, who is standing for nigel farage's party in council elections, re-tweeted an image with a caption that said:' labour's new floating voters.	coming to a country near you soon'.	around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks.	eu leaders including david cameron will meet in brussels on thursday.
ken clarke has bemoaned the tories' recent electoral performances.	the conservatives will not win this year's general election because they have become' too right-wing'.	critics warn the move will place intense pressure on other departments like defence and policing, which will have to bear the brunt of planned cuts.
david cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the election campaign.	but he was reprimanded by one local woman for the'name-calling' in the campaign.	tory strategists had planned a low-key day while labour leader launched his party manifesto in manchester.	mr cameron has staged his first on-camera walkabout of the campaign.
rachel lehnardt, 35, had been a life-long follower of the mormon church.	she had never touched a drop of alcohol before her husband james, who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder when he returned from iraq, her lawyer said in a statement on thursday.	but following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a sunday school teacher.
an artist's illustration shows the symbolic red poppy design on the new $2 coin to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing by the anzacs.	it has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers, and the words' lest we forget'.	they will be in circulation from monday, but an artist's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved.
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi.	his release was slammed with indians calling it an' insult' to the victims of the three-day onslaught.	pakistani security personnel escort zakiur rehman lakhvi, the alleged mastermind of the 2008 mumbai attacks, as he leaves court after a hearing in islamabad on january 1.
facebook's sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app.	the sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user’s most messaged friends.	facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit, including where they went to school, their interests and where they live.
cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshake that she had just been served.	after four separate requests to speak to a manager, the customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer.
easyjet and ba are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap flights over a strike by french air traffic controllers.	experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed.	easyjet is cancelling 118 flights to and from france, including 10 which either start or finish at british airports.
dashcam footage released on thursday shows walter scott running away from his car minutes before he is shot dead by officer michael sager.	his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop.
horry county police said the mother of an abandoned baby girl turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police.	the baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by austin detray on thursday afternoon when he heard her crying.	inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, according to wmbf.	the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released, police said.
women often do n't realize the dangers of salon treatments before sitting in the styling chair.	respondents cited the hairstyles of actresses jennifer aniston and sandra bullock, as well as signer jennifer lopez, as celebrity favorites, with 53 per cent also noting that they get skin, beauty, and hair ideas.
student drew hollinshead, 21, stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement.	but as he helped her for less than a minute, a traffic warden put a £70 ticket on his car – because mr hollinshead had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers.	mr hollinshead said the way he had been treated was ridiculous and said the council warden could see what was happening.
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended.	detention centre operator transfield services said the employees were found to be contravening a company policy that they display' cultural sensitivity'.	a former staffer at transfield subcontractor wilson security said the guards – seven of whom are former australian defence personnel -' frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as "the enemy".
the force awakens panel held at california's anaheim convention center on thursday.	carrie fisher, 58, is reprising her role as princess leia, and mark hamill, 63, who is luke skywalker, were arm-in-arm on the stage in anaheim on thursday before the second trailer was rolled out.	not on hand was harrison ford, who is the franchise's han solo.
maria kukucova, 25, was arrested in april last year after former partner andy bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the costa del sol in southern spain.	the blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western slovakian town of nova basoca after police put out an international arrest warrant.	maria kukucova, 48, from bristol was found dead in a pool of blood at his five-bed rented home near estepona just after 3am.
new metro line extension opened this week in the czech capital.	but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn’t have a moving staircase.	that means porters are left to carry travellers’ bags up and down the stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station, in north-west prague, from 5am to 10pm every day, free of charge.
arnold schwarzenegger has unleashed a tirade against indiana's polarizing religious freedom restoration act.	schwarzenegger says he believes the defining problem is that republicans are focusing on the wrong issues, in a move that will only hurt the gop and further alienate voters.
a 13-year-old maryland boy called 911 after a fire broke out on the first floor of his home in clinton.	the boy called 911 before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped in the room because it was too hot to get out through the hallway.	prince george’s county firefighters were able to enter the room by going through the home and breaking a window, according to the washington post.
german air traffic control officials called for technology that could help prevent a repeat of the germanwings crash last month.	investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed into a french mountainside on march 24, killing all 150 people on board.	mr scheurle said in frankfurt:' such an event might cause us to reconsider systems which would allow the control of aircraft to be taken over by personnel on the ground in emergency situations'.
darcy in shades as she takes in the sun in nice in the south of france.	she decided to take the dog on her frequent journeys overseas.	the pair have travelled on planes, trains, cars and ferries across the world.
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday.	the 56-year-old, who works in the college of applied engineering, can be heard shouting:' what kind of moron are you?'
oskar groening - known as' the bookkeeper of auschwitz' - is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp.	groening, known as' the bookkeeper of auschwitz' for his role in the camp in nazi-occupied poland, was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions.	they spoke of their pain, pride and duty in confronting this' cog' in the machinery of genocide.
tinie tempah pictured performing at an' intimate gig' in canterbury.	he spent just a few minutes on stage, playing two of his songs before leaving.	he then stayed in a vip area meeting fans for another hour.
hoda muthana, 20, spoke out about her decision to ditch her life as a college student in hoover, alabama, after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a muslim.	she told reporter ellie hall that she conspired for months with other jihadists to hatch a plan to flee her parents, who kept a strict watch over her and her sister.
hip hop rappers quavious marshall, 24, kirschnick ball, 20, and kiari cephus, 23, were escorted off the georgia campus mid-performance on saturday night and taken into custody.	authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when' a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses.
christian institute says forcing teachers to promote gay relationships would be making them choose between their faith and their job.	it said mps had a duty to tackle ‘ homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’ in schools and create a ‘ positive climate of understanding about sexuality’.	but critics accused the nut of ‘ thought control’ and said the ‘intolerant’ proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age.
michael slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer.	the camera continued to record for another hour and a recording of the audio feed, including the conversation between slager and a senior officer, was obtained by the guardian.	scott was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop.
chris keates, general secretary of the nasuwt, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘ readily available legal highs’.	some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of red bull, monster and relentless, causing ‘hyperactivity’ and an ‘ inevitable crash’ later, the teaching union said.	the move comes as doctors warned last week that the drinks can trigger heart problems in healthy teenagers.
the march 18 video recorded by faysal mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends.	the unidentified officer justifies his aggressive tone saying,' i'm just giving you a heads up.	i'm trying to be officer friendly right now.	i do n't know why they were so aggressive,' said liban, who teaches law enforcement at hennepin technical college in minneapolis.
the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating off the coast of oregon.	the live yellowtail jack fish, native to japan, were found inside the floating debris and are now being housed in the oregon coast aquarium.	biologists with the oregon coast aquarium and oregon state university's hatfield marine science center inspected the boat at about 9.30am on thursday.
study of people's spending habits shows people are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages.	spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months.	entertainment spend has risen 7 per cent in the last year.
tennessee supreme court postponed execution dates of the last four men on the state's death row as new lethal injection methods are challenged.	states across the country have been struggling to find a method of execution that will stand up to legal challenges.	death row inmates challenging tennessee's lethal injection method.
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself.	witnesses say she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a' halloween prank'.
grant shapps was last night at the centre of extraordinary claims that he was doctoring wikipedia pages to promote himself at the expense of his political rivals.	the tory party chairman is accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page in the online encyclopedia while putting unflattering updates on the pages of others.	david cameron defended mr shapps, saying that the party chairman is doing' a great job' while on the campaign trail today.
jessica silva reveals on 60 minutes that' my head is just full, i ca n't live with it, i need forgiveness'.	jessica silva admits she was living in fear and violence and she told no one.
department of twin research, which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the uk, performed a poll of voting preferences.	the aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about people’s voting habits.
the tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last december in hwangnam-dong, a neighbourhood of gyeongju city in south korea, korea joongang daily reported.	it was the capital of ancient silla for almost 1,000 years and is known for its intricate gold ornaments and buddhist temples.	archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for the woman, because her body is carefully positioned to face the sky and she was buried with gold earrings, indicating her high status.
rev.	sharpton preached at the charity missionary baptist church in south carolina.	sharpton wrote on facebook:' joining us this morning is mayor keith summey, sheriff al cannon, senator marlon kimpson, and assistant police chief reggie burgess.	north charleston, that's known as a place of intolerance, can be the place that could set a new tone in policing all over the u.s.
poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating.	but many admit they know where they are going wrong.	one in 10 said they failed to follow instructions or research the right way to do the job.
shailene woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot to kate moss submerging her face in cucumber water, it seems the stars' best kept beauty hacks start in the kitchen.	she's not the only celebrity who favours natural beauty products.
joseph o'riordan, 76, left his wife mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity.	but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, nick gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.	mr gunn started an affair with mrs o'riordan last year and had attended the queen's garden party in 2013 for o'riordan's work on the diamond jubilee celebrations.
nafir afzal said teenagers are at risk of' jihadimania' and warned that' another 7/7' could happen unless britain makes sweeping changes to the way it tackles terrorism.	mr afzal, former head of the crown prosecution service in the north-west, said children are' manipulated' by islamists and that britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation.
boris johnson will move centre stage in the conservative election campaign next week.	the london mayor has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known tory in the country.	there have been growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ‘weaponised’.
holly barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains.	but when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious.	doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms, blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly.
london-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike.	called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage.	bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor.
researchers say climate change impacted human migration.	but as conditions warmed, they were able to branch out from africa into spain.	but then the climate warmed to 13°c (55°f) and became more humid.
noel biderman, 43, wants to raise money from british investors to fund a launch of its services in russia, ukraine and the baltic states.	it's founder noel biderman, 43, who was born in canada, claims infidelity can actually save relationships and believes people' use affairs to preserve their marriage'.	he is a self-made multi-millionaire having successfully launched the company in toronto.
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands on friday at a summit in panama.	the gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with cuba.	speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department's list of state terror sponsors.
sandra mathis, 52, was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso.	the 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck under a bridge in the 1800 block of san diego.
john brynarsky's son chris, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in his custom car detail shop in october 2006.	when he was shot, he fell over the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside.	cosentino said he never thought anyone would see the inside of the bumper, but it resurfaced nine years later.
peter fox, 26, was found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder.	the body of sarah fox, 27, was found by police on thursday night, just hours before her 57-year-old mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation.	merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.	police are now appealing for the public's help to track down mr fox.
yvonne camargo, 39, of victorville, california, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged.	the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying the woman' pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store', according to the posting's description.	camargo is oblivious to the fact that she is being filmed until the cameraman and another woman begin asking her what she's doing.
jamal kiyemba, 36, was detained in the ugandan capital kampala in connection with the death of joan kagezi, who was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against islamist terror network al-shabaab.	kiyemba, a former pharmacy student at a university in leicester, was held at guantanamo bay for four years.	his case was championed by muslim human rights group cage, whose director infamously branded isis executioner mohammed' jihadi john' emwazi an' extremely gentle, kind, beautiful man'.
string monokinis teamed with nude bodysuits and strappy sandals on the dodgy style stakes.	one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips, two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug.
the centre pompidou malaga, a pop-up version of the parisian institution, has opened to visitors.	it is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area.	there's a brilliant room of self-portraits, including a francis bacon and frida kahlo.
hayley grimes, 42, was just a teenager when she found the body of baby peter wrapped in a blanket and sainsbury's bag in weasenham st peter, norfolk.	yesterday, it emerged that the boy's mother had been arrested nearly three decades on, told officers she had put the body into the lake, known locally as windmill pit, after going through the trauma of a stillbirth.	but ms grimes told today how she had been left scarred by the discovery after being accused by locals of being the child's mother.
marla mccants, from nashville, tennessee, on last night's season finale of my 600lb life, doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying.	marla's recovery seemed like a hopeless cause until it dawned on the mother-of-three that this was her last shot.	if she did n't get up, she would spend the rest of her very short life.
zimbabwe's influential zulu king goodwill zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes.	about 3,200 malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos.
more than a third of gps are considering retirement in the next five years.	one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including canada and australia.	senior gps say they are facing ‘incredible’ pressures brought on by an increasingly ageing population who have complicated illnesses.
olivier rousteing has revealed why he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain's latest campaign because they' represent a family for the new world'.	the 29-year-old creative director has revealed that he was inspired to feature the couple - who have a 22-month-old daughter north - in the label's spring/summer 2015 men's campaign.
caroline irby was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday.	the dogs, who had been living in complete darkness, were found last saturday in the barn in manchester ; many emaciated, but not their own.	some of the breeds were unrecognizable because the dogs were covered in so much waste.
baroness hale of richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce.	divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons: adultery ; desertion for two or more years ; two years’ separation without consent.
new research suggests that the roman general may have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.	julius caesar famously collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc and had to be carried to safety.historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack.
luigi arcuri, 73, nikolic giuliano, 37, and antonino ballistreri, 45, were each sentenced to two years and eight months for conspiracy to defraud and possession of counterfeit currency.	gang then planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to a jeweller at a pre-arranged meeting, before placing it on the floor.	then, while a price was being agreed, the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes.
jarret stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews, a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports.	the nhl player was arrested for possession of cocaine and mdma, also known as molly, at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand in las vegas, nevada.	stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach, california during the offseason, with the kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident.
tania rahman, 27, was asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand at a st george's day event because it' only wanted english food'.	but when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall, chit chaat chai, would not be allowed because it is not'english-themed'.	the council has now apologised after their response sparked a backlash from locals.
laura jordan, 24, was told her now husband, jack jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on saturday april 11, having battled leukaemia since 2013.	the couple, from brixham, devon, got engaged at jack's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news.	he is hoping to spend his final weeks at home surrounded by close family, his wife and her two-year-old daughter from a previous relationship, lilly.
marco rubio told face the nation after admitting he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he did n't agree with the decision.	the florida senator told bob schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage, but believes the' definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman'.
kelly parsons, from morden, south west london, has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy.	the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
coach driver found himself stuck on slipway, with a queue of cars behind.	the coach was forced to perform a u-turn on a river slipway in dartmouth, devon.	eyewitnesses feared one wrong move and the bus would slid into the estuary.
the unidentified child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the white house under lockdown.	the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on saturday.
the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport, greater manchester.	following the outbreak of the second world war, the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter where residents of lancashire and cheshire could hide from nazi bombs.
waheed ahmed, 21, is the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed.	he was caught trying to sneak into syria with eight family members.	however, it is understood he is now returning to the uk until tuesday.
william ziegler, now 39, was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001.	russell allen baker, an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year.	however in 2012 his conviction was overturned by judge sarah stewart who blasted his initial trial, allowing him to cut a plea deal which saw him walk free.
candice bergen, 68, confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom, murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988.
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new orleans pelicans 110-74 on wednesday night.	that's when he stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to gasol before they exchanged a high five.	this is the adorable moment memphis grizzlies player marc gasol and a special needs boy shared a high-five after a game.
niamh geaney, a 26-year-old tv presenter from dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed twin strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.	niamh found her match in karen branigan, 29, a fellow ireland native who lives just an hour down the road, making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together.	niamh said the pair got on' very well' as they both applied make-up before the shoot, swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities.
terry cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog sam when the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs.	mr cooper spotted the huge badger while sitting in his garden in the sunshine with his jack russell sam.	following the scare, the national farmers' union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property.
authorities have closed a total of six chinese restaurants in the local area since police raided the lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana following a tip-off from the disgusted client.	the customer called in the cops after witnessing staff killing the dog, later intended to be served up masquerading as pork in the next chow mein.	police received a tip-off from a restaurant client who heard the sounds of a howling dog at the back of the establishment.
le manoir aux quat'saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and mum is such a huge fan of raymond blanc she once confessed he could be her mastermind subject….	the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns, bronze sculptures (including a scarecrow based on blanc himself), pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden.	le manoir boasts stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and blanc's two michelin-starred restaraunt.
homeless people in the bay area are being handed free smartphones by multi-billion dollar tech companies in the hope that it will get them off the streets.	group called community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets which come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather.	the phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing, as companies often require people to visit their websites.
the six-month-old seal had been nursed back to health in a wildlife sanctury.	she was called sponge bobby by rescue workers suffered horrific injuries.	she said:' you give them the best chance you can, fixing them up for release'.
munroe bergdorf, 27, from east london, was still a boy called ian.	but she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens.
shona banda, 37, published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for crohn's disease, has a custody hearing monday in garden city, kansas.	her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.	medical marijuana activist shona banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home.
marion' suge' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom on wednesday.	knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing.	knight told the judge:' i'm being chained to some type of chair and their pushing me'.
laura everley, 36, had experienced bloating, lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period.	she had been suffering from bloating, back pain, constipation and frequently needing the loo.	tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread.	she hopes her story will raise awareness to the symptoms of ovarian cancer.
westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq.	this would partly explain why so many western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases, such as the seven savage filmed beheading videos featuring depraved british terrorist mohammed emwazi.
french officials said the drugs, worth more than €1.3million (£950,000) in street value, were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in nice on a flight from the dominican republic.	officers detained the baffled tourist, who was waiting for his luggage, at the airport and questioned him about the drugs.
doaa and umm smuggled from raqqa, in syria, to southern turkey.	pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee.	umma brigade operates as an ultra-oppressive police force monitoring the behaviour of females in raqqa.
guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last thursday to raid dr rory lyon's surgery and a private address.	widow of one of four patients whose deaths are being investigated as part of a probe into dr lyons.	islanders have said it was concerns over the death of mr cosheril's cousin karen from pneumonia in january that prompted the investigation in to dr lyons, 62, who has been suspended from practicing.
miliband will hand scottish mps the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments in a desperate attempt to reverse the exodus of his voters to the snp.	he will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto, due to be published tomorrow, as he attempts to fight back in scotland – a key general election battleground.
jury in placerville, california, took less than two hours on wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against colleen ann harris, known to family as' grandma cokie'.	mrs harris wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back, sacramento bee reported.	colleen harris was charged in the 1985 shotgun killing of her then-husband, 46-year-old james batten.
federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the celebrity infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus.	the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13, federal health officials said in a monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members.	the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up.	symptoms of norovirus include vomiting, diarrhea, fever and body aches.
gavin thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from hmp altcourse in liverpool.	he boasted in welsh that he would make' millions' when he got out.	court heard he planned to spend his money on new teeth, liposuction, implants and a facelift when he got out of jail.
rand paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional swag, including the' rand on a stick' item feature above, as he kicks off his presidential campaign.	rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers.
toronto officer luke watson was more than happy to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the day of pink event held on april 8 across canada.	luckily for ryan, luke was more than pleased to undergo the transformation for the cause.	560 retweets later and luke arrived at the station to show off his new hairdo at the day of pink rally at forest hills collegiate institute in toronto.
kim shared her beauty essentials on instagram, protects her skin with a £65 ($96) creme de la mer spf 30 uv protecting fluid, which claims to prevent the appearance of discolorations while providing protection from the sun.	kim then loves to spritz her face with a £12 ($18) rose water mist from glossier.
blake cronkhite, 5, and jayden secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size atv plunged into a pond in a rural area of northern california.	investigators say the 5-year-old, identified as blake cronkhite, was driving the 50cc atv, and his younger friend was on the back.	chp officer david martinez said monday that the agency's investigation has focused on how the boys ended up in the pond.
julia louis-dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo's political comedy veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton.	speaking in the latest issue of marie claire's career-oriented supplement @ work, the 54-year-old, who stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state.
prince william has moved back to kensington palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby, mailonline can reveal today.	the couple, whose second child is due on saturday, returned to their london base on sunday night after spending the weekend at kate’s family home in berkshire.	william will enjoy what amounts to six weeks’ paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess.	william will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid leave.
solidarity groups in south africa are protesting over the removal of a statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes from the university of cape town.	the monument of the controversial historical figure is set to removed today, after south africa’s oldest university voted to ditch it following a month of protests against the statue.	the defaced statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes is tied by straps to a crane before its removal at the university of cape town.
luxurious ulusaba game reserve is in south africa's sabi sands and is sir richard branson's private reserve.	thankfully the female found my scrawny presence of absolutely no consequence, and instead wandered off in search of tastier herbivorous options.	i was with my mate james and we laughed awkwardly as we climbed back into the vehicle'.
alan rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather fred hatch in the communal garden of their sheltered housing complex near cardiff.	mr hatch's worried wife enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house from the garden.	rogers then calmly called the police and told them:' i have just killed one of my neighbours and i have hit his head with a hammer'.
optimal case designed by israel-based amited.	sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, it will automatically cool it down.	the recommended storage temperature for most batteries is 15°c (59°f), while the' extreme allowable' temperature is 40°c to 50°c (40°c).
chief mark holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead.	the man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as darrell lawrence brown, 31, of upper marlboro, maryland, they wrote in a statement to daily mail online.	brown was black and all five officers involved are white.
charlene mess, 48, was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old douglas mess, was found killed at their farm in attica, new york.	state police troopers went to the home at 1229 exchange street after the couple's son, douglas mess, jr., 29, reported that his father was missing.
bridget klecker, 42, died on friday after being struck by a car fleeing police.	she and klecker had planned to attend monday's san francisco giants home opener together and were heading to mexico in two weeks on a trip.	witnesses who were riding a cable car saw the black sedan go airborne, and the windshield was badly damaged, according to kgo-tv.
police in ragusa, a sicilian port town, arrested three syrian men.	it is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing, with police saying the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.	this is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros - or £536,000 - to cross the mediterranean to europe.
victoria wasteney, 38, says she was branded a ‘ religious nutcase’ when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist, after her colleague enya nawaz, then aged 25, accused her of trying to convert her to christianity.	her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal, arguing that they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion - enshrined in article nine of the european convention of human rights.
richard lapointe, a former dishwasher, was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail.	the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.in lieu of his prison jumpsuit, lapointe opted for a dark t-shirt over a dress shirt emblazoned with the words' i did n't do it'.	he later described his release as' wonderful' and during a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home.
the former ferry, hms ulster queen, arrived in greenock in 1942, after 13 days at sea and two ships sunk by german u-boats.	but as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
channel 4 programme, hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead, celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars.	each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles, as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory.
tim tebow will sign as a quarterback with the philadelphia eagles on monday.	the agreement with tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place.	tebow's last regular-season nfl game appearance was in december 2012 with the new york jets, from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team.
david cameron has urged ukip supporters to' come home' to the conservatives.	he said nigel farage is' not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was' happy to serve' with the ukip leader.	mr farage sparked controversy last week when he used a televised leaders' debate to target people with hiv coming to britain.
brewery has seen a spike in sales following a bizarre twitter spat with teetotal politician george galloway.	throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row.	throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row.
dr teresa belton insists that practices as going on walks can be calming and restorative.	the 62-year-old believes simple acts such as straightening posture (left) and joining a community choir can increase happiness levels over time.	belton insists that it's actually non-material things that support our wellbeing, like good relationships and a sense of belonging.
forget botox or chemical peels the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like emma stone.	it's not just about being thin, there's tightness that on planet earth, as far as i can tell, just should n't naturally be there.
sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum and his wife princess haya of jordan royal ascot meeting, plans to build six-storey car park.	it is being built by the billionaire emir of dubai, sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, one of the world’s richest men.
ben powers played the character of thelma's husband keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979.	he passed away at his new bedford, massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64.	his family has not revealed the cause of his death.	powers' on-screen wife bern nadette wrote an emotion message on facebook on thursday to mark the actor's death.
ed miliband is paying an argentinian company which has attacked ‘vulture’ american bankers to help him become prime minister.	it also designed the websites of harriet harman, andy burnham and tristram hunt.	tory mps last night claimed labour’s argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’ for miliband.
professor colleen loo from the black dog institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation for 20 years and strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children.	online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear.	experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online.
theory has surfaced in a letter to the respected financial times newspaper from aviation boss matt andersson, president of chicago-based indigo aerospace.	the crash in the alps has been blamed on the co-pilot andreas lubitz who investigators say locked himself in the cockpit and deliberately crashed the jet.	investigators point to a history of mental illness and doctors notes which were hidden from his employer.	mr andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion.
ecuador tourist board saw it fool a group of 40 visitors into thinking they had flown to costa rica to enjoy the delights of its famous port town golfito.	publicity stunt saw the tourists enjoy white water rafting, swimming near waterfalls and hiking, but it seems that costa rica was not amused by the ruse.
samantha fleming, 23, was lured from her home by a woman pretending to be a social worker, so that the woman could murder her and steal fleming's three-week-old baby, serenity (right).	the suspect, who has not been identified, lives in gary, indiana, where the body of the victim, samantha fleming, was found friday at a house 180 miles in gary.	police believe the woman went to the home of 23-year-old fleming in anderson, 180 miles away.
google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive.	the feature exports to google drive in a zip archive, with files divided by year and quarter.	the feature exports all of your searches to google drive in a zip archive, with files divided by year and quarter.
amanda casey, also of north carolina, was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced.	he went on to marry his third wife, shelby wilkie, in january was found guilty of the 2012 murder of his third wife.	michael wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in january for the 2012 killing of shelby wilkie and is serving a life sentence without parole.
homaro cantu, 38, was found hanging inside crooked fork brewery.	he was planning to open with his business partner on the north side of chicago.	an autopsy has been scheduled for wednesday, but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide.
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black volkswagen passat on tuesday morning in wembley, north west london.	the 48-year-old syrian national was an outspoken critic of the assad regime and' actively' campaigned against extremist.	he is being questioned at a central london police station while officers continue their appeal for witnesses.
chernae noonan has blocked the cosmetic giant's application to trademark the phrase.	benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy, which is run by bernard arnault.	mr arnault's estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion.
army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen, texas.	authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘ workplace violence’ but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism.	earlier this year, it was ruled that victims will be honored with purple hearts - awarded in the name of the president to those wounded or killed.
david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha were' falling apart' with the pressure of trying to care for their son ivan after he was born with a rare brain disorder.	his comments were echoed by his wife who, in a separate interview, said the stresses of looking after ivan pushed their relationship close to' breaking point'.
michael kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by kentucky state police.	police say he was found under the influence while riding a horse on us 23.	trooper j. gabbard's report says kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots.	kimmel, who has used the alias “ mike bicycle, ” is currently on probation for a prior conviction for burglary.
president barack obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay, lesbian and transgender youth.	the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn.
a russian-ukrainian film about legendary soviet sniper lyudmila pavlichenko was nicknamed' lady death' is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the crisis.	the film is titled' battle for sevastopol' in russia but' indestructible' across the border in ukraine.	despite the freeze in ties between the former soviet nations that has seen ukraine ban a slew of modern russian films, the $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both moscow and kiev.
jahnae jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend, jackson byrnes after he was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago.	the 18-year-olds from northern nsw have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon dr. charlie teo.
russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over nazi germany.	it is based on a novel by british writer tom rob smith and was due to premiere in russia today.	russia's culture ministry said the film's distributors in russia had agreed to withdraw a request for a distribution licence after ministry officials viewed the film.
dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth, new hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography.	the 45-year-old was in the us working as a research professor and director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island.	cobb was in the us working as a director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island after holding senior military and government roles in australia and the us.
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones.	but his ninja turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy.	hospital staff were amazed when the youngster asked if he could decorate the mask that holds him still while having his treatment.
the pulitzer prize for journalism went to the post and courier newspaper of charleston, south carolina.	the paper's powerful photo series entitled' till death do us part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women.
hillary clinton could claim that her path to the presidency began some 160 years ago in the little-known welsh parish of ystradyfodwg.	as she kicks off her bid to enter the white house, hillary clinton could be seen in the actions of her female ancestors, who even defied social conventions through the years.
gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april and their two young children at around 9.30pm last thursday.	but the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film, being broadcast on the restaurant's television.
the bodies of two people have been found amid the wreckage of a light aircraft after it crashed near a loch in western scotland.	the plane was travelling from central scotland to tiree, the most westerly island of the inner hebrides.	it is understood the plane had been travelling from central scotland to tiree, the most westerly island of the inner hebrides when it went missing.
evansville in comanche county, kansas, is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair.	the couple, who live in a house just north of the commissary building, do not have to worry about unexpected visitors, nor noisy neighbors.
residents of the charleston, south carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver walter scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police.	the officer who shot scott, michael slager, had little in his file to suggest excessive force.	people in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain.
dr george hamilton, the chief apostle of the w.o.r.d.	ministries in summerville, south carolina, launched an attack on officer michael slager, who killed scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, referring to him as a' disgrace'.	hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today, where scott's casket, draped in an american flag, was led in, accompanied by his distraught mother.
david and victoria have won a planning battle against their next-door neighbour over proposals to install air-conditioning at his new mansion in west london.	the couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and large wine cellar at the £31.5 million west london home.
former mirror reporter graham brough talks to media as he leaves the old bailey in london.	she abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information.	her decision sparked an ugly blame game as the architects of the £20million ‘politically-motivated witch hunt’ turned against each other.	scotland yard highlighted how their inquiries were possible thanks to millions of confidential emails released by news international.
mackenzi sue-rose miller allegedly struck and killed trinity backmann on february 28 in apopka, florida.	her blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.	miller's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, lab tests showed.	trinity bachmann was sitting in the middle of the road arguing with her mother when she was killed.
martin and jessica castillo, from nuevo laredo, mexico, lost the ring.	they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in playa del carmen in 2013.	mr castillo picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost.
bobby brown spoke for the first time about his daughter bobbi kristina in los angeles.	the one-time boy band star admitted' i dunno what the hell ​i am going through right now, but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with ​it'.	bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the soul food festival ​in downtown los angeles saturday.
julio' wemo' acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that killed nachman and raizel glauber in williamsburg, brooklyn.	the driver, who was convicted in february, is thought to have been traveling in his bmw at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when the incident occurred just after midnight on march 3, 2013.	acevedo was convicted of manslaughter in the deaths of 21-year-olds nachman and raizel glauber (right).
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster's methodist central hall.	he faced claims he blamed all of britain's problems on migrants.	nigel farage said he did not' lose my rag' after rounding on audience members.
ronald anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot and killing census bureau guard and leading police on a car chase.	anderson was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington, d.c., suburb of prince george's county.	he was released the day of his arrest.	he has been charged with armed kidnapping and assault on a police officer in thursday's spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition.
new instagram account gives them all a run for their money by showcasing buff, often topless, men cuddling their adorable pet pups.	the account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages.
shamima begum and amira abase, 15, and kadiza sultana, 16, crossed over the turkish-syrian border last february and are believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa.	begum has forged social media links with three of the british leaders of the al-khansa brigade.	they are said to mercilessly patrol the streets of the terror group's adopted capital.
presenters holly willoughby and davina mccall have joined forces in their first campaign together.	the presenters star in the campaign, which celebrates finding their perfect hair shade with garnier nutrisse - and davina mccall have joined forces in their first campaign together for garnier nutrisse.	now we’re joining forces together to help uk women find their prefect shade too.
12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen to serve as jurors in the death penalty trial of colorado theater shooter james holmes.	holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a century movie theater in aurora, colorado, during a midnight screening of the film the dark knight rises.	aurora theater shooting suspect james holmes is seated in court in centennial, colorado.
rosannah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year.	the football-sized tumour weighs more than half her body weight, growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine.	rosannah, from baradine in north western new south wales, had been misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old.
alex salmond has stepped up the pressure on ed miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the snp and was' foolish' to rule out a coalition.	the former snp leader, who is bidding to return to westminster, said the labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament.	he said all parties would have to face up to the' electorate's judgment' after polling day on may 7.
tunisian skipper mohammed ali malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night, some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the mediterranean.	prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue.	he was later charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration.
sienna miller works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park and using light weights to tone muscles.	sienna also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
david cameron said spending plans are' becoming less and less credible'.	the minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £6.70 in october.	labour’s ed miliband pledged that he would help low earners by raising the level above £8 an hour by october 2019.
ukip has failed to outpoll the liberal democrats for the first time since 2013 in a fresh blow to nigel farage’s faltering election campaign.	it is the first time since late 2013 that ukip has failed to outpoll the lib dems.	labour has yet to be out in front in any comres telephone poll.
the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york, north queensland.	he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye.	mr allan, from the archer river roadhouse, says the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of anzac day.
northern territory’s chief minister adam giles said parents should not doubt his' resolve' to take their children into the hands of child protection services.	parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets.
frankie ruttledge weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10/12.	the 24-year-old, who has been a' fat bridesmaid' three times, ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years.
david axelrod has helped refine ed miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share.	he has helped refine mr miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share.
dana marie mckinnon, 24, has been charged with dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide.	she is being held at the orange county jail on $10,150 bail.	officials say mckinnon was driving east along lake pickett road at around 5.30am when she lost control of her 2008 mitsubishi eclipse.
sisters yogita rameshbhai, five, and anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children.	their father rameshbhai nandwana, 34, of gurjarat, india, is planning to sell his own kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists.
eating protein with every meal is vital to strong, healthy hair, experts say.	consultant dermatologist at the royal hallamshire hospital in sheffield says that while there are many supplements claiming to help promote hair growth, very few have strong evidence to support them.
rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up.	macfarlane shared the picture of the brave raccoon,' little mac', on social media on thursday morning after the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night.	macfarlane has n't documented prior appearances by raccoons, but does often post photos from his crane.
rebecca exton-russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer, qvc and dove.	but the derby-based model was secretly' repulsed' by her body, so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months.	rebecca lost a further stone herself after she left no 1 boot camp in norfolk.
sally white, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water.	his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days.	but sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
dr rory lyons was suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service and his surgery raided following four deaths' of concern'.	detectives raided dr rory lyons’ private health centre and medical officials have suspended the 62-year-old from treating patients.	cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor when they died.
abdulkadir zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in alintepe in the country's eastern agri province.	turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning.
leanna norris, 25, of auburn, plied two-year-old loh grenada with benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket, court heard.	the body was found in the front seat of her car in stetson, maine, on june 24, 2013.	assistant attorney general deb cashman said norrishad committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend, the father of her child, dating other women.
dino maglio, who is on trial in padua, northern italy, was sentenced to six and a half years in prison.	prosecutors said maglio spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill.	maglio claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted he was ‘stupid’ to spike her drink.
larry mcelroy shot carol johnson on sunday night after he saw the vermin in his leesburg backyard.	one bullet killed the armadillo, but ended up accidentally wounding his 74-year-old mother-in-law when the bullet ricocheted off the animal's shell.	mcelroy's mother-in-law carol johnson suffered non-life-threatening injuries and was talking all the way to the hospital.
asda alerted to a possible fault in the packs of little angels 2 newborn soothers 0+ months after a customer complaint on facebook.	the teat had detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies, although luckily the baby was unharmed.	customers are now asked to either dispose of the products or return them to an asda store.
michelle obama made a special appearance on live! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday.	the first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that eldest daughter malia is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own.	although malia receives protection from the secret service, mrs. obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the white house grounds on her own.
a new london campaign wants to see this myth abolished for good with their # thisdoesn'tmeanyes movement.	the initiative, created by rape crisis london, aims to stamp out any suggestion that a woman can be blamed for her attack.	the campaign has also produced over 2,000 photographs of 200 women in london as part of the campaign.
new collagen-laced brew boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can.	collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful.
jaclyn methuen caresses her new husband ryan ranellone's chin while lying in bed together on tonight's episode of married at first sight.	ryan tells the cameras that he remains dedicated to cultivating a real relationship with his new wife, whom he has been attracted to from day one.
david cameron will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks, worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff, for a further five years.	mr cameron will hail the' jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day.
natalie bennett said the so-called ‘ citizens income’ – which critics say would cost £280billion – would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer.	every adult in britain would be paid £72 a week under a commitment in the green manifesto.	but the party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement.
former northern territory politician matthew gardiner has returned to australia.	he arrived at darwin airport early on sunday morning.	he left behind his wife andrea and three young sons, aged between three and 11.	they reportedly had no idea of his decision to flee the country.
lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc on a whim and she's since gone on to become britain’s most distinctive female ‘ ultra runner’.	she would go on to become britain’s most distinctive female ‘ ultra runner’, coming first in the utmb five times, taking gold in the women’s 100km world championships in korea in 2006.
ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott' high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses.	the alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels.	the group claims that the' red' or' orange' resorts are directly linked to human rights abuses.
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses.	there are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise, nudity, lewd behaviour and violence.
the museum opened in 1928 to house george v’s collection of ‘ big game trophies’.	questions were raised in december about the legality of' unworked items’'.	questions were raised in december by the queen’s norfolk estate.
mohamed soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former president mohamed morsi in a 2013 coup.	the defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling cairo protest camp in the months after a military coup overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013.	soltan, who grew up in missouri, michigan and ohio before attending ohio state, moved to egypt to be closer to his mother during her cancer treatments.
five afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry.	it is thought the migrants had climbed into the british-registered truck in belgium.	police tweeted photos of the moment the men were brought out of the lorry this morning.
william's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them, police have described the'fast-paced' investigation into the new line of inquiry.	the detective sup took a firm stance on the consequences for anyone found to be involved with the toddler's disappearance.	det sup willing also spoke of the heartache william's parents had experienced since his abduction.
michelle mone bought the three-bedroom property in the park circus area of glasgow for £780,700.	she split from her former husband michael in december 2011.	it features a white gloss central island.
fisherman in china keep a special, thousand year old tradition alive.	the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, which was first practiced in 960 ad.	the 45-year-old, from st petersburg, was captivated upon visiting the fishermen in the town.
spring has finally sprung and it's time to get outdoors and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours.	stroll along the park's 15 kilometres of walking paths and explore the large indoor exhibition pavilions named after dutch royals.	visitors should note, however, that their window of opportunity to visit the park is limited.
hundreds of runners from across the globe have taken part in north korea's pyongyang marathon.	the event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country.	there were also categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus north korean entrants.
astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the milky way galaxy.	a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close.	when a star reaches its white dwarf stage, nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star.
sue sharp was shocked to find a stamp on the £11 joint saying it had come from new zealand despite asda's packaging claiming it was born, reared and slaughtered in the uk.	but she was horrified when she got home and found the'home-grown' leg of lamb had actually been flown halfway round the world to the store in midlothian, scotland.	asda said the mislabelled lamb was a one-off and that the gaffe was the result of human error.
more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at christie’s south kensington.	filled with historic artefacts, pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners’ travels, the around the world auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.	one of the highly-anticipated lots contains 11 restored photos of robert scott's doomed expedition to the south pole.
listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus containers being recalled.	only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's classic hummus.	this measure is limited to five skus of classic hummus sold nationwide.
heather mack was born last month in a holding cell at the denpasar district court.	she was also filmed singing the rihanna hit umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom.	prosecutors have asked judges in the holiday resort to jail mack, left with baby stella, for 15 years.
half of hospitals are allowing patients to jump nhs queues for cataract surgery.	some are charging up to a ‘shameful’ £2,700 for one eye – treble what it costs the health service – raising suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients.	cataract treatment is being rationed in england to save money.
steve and sarah nick built up the huge arsenal, including a 50-caliber machine gun, a sniper rifle, and 17,000 rounds of ammunition.	the couple, who are said to have links to the michigan militia, are accused of plundering mrs nick's 67-year-old mother's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul.
nicola sturgeon was booed last night as she refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years.	but last night, in an election debate on scottish tv, she said she would not call for another plebiscite in the snp manifesto for the westminster election in may.	she said she would not rule out such a call in the manifesto for the 2016 scottish parliament election.
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction's niall horan's clothes.	she responded by trying on his polo shirt and posted it on twitter.	she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy.
camilla and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family.	four out of ten people think prince charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to william.	prince andrew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table.
mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney.	the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens' call presentation.	now that the heels have been kicked off, the cameras put down, and the last bottle of champagne drunk, femail take a look back at the week.
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone.	demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east asia at risk.	endangered species in south east asia at risk.
william kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to london after disappearing from approved premises in hull.	he was released on licence in january after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of maureen comfort, who was found dead in 1996.
britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars – the most since 2007 - and we are poised to overtake france.	they were about to make their own journey overseas – and indeed across the country.	there was a time when no one would have believed that was possible.
survey of 1,025 australian parents found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance' more important' things in the last week, than had men.	clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
andreas lubitz, the co-pilot who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525, killing 150 people, had been treated for psychiatric illness.	it has been widely argued that germany's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy.	the discovery sparked a debate over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots' medical records.
study was conducted by scientists at purdue university in indiana.	they were seeking to find a solution to the problem of birds colliding with aircraft, which causes £480 million ($700 million) worth of damage in the us alone.	research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes.
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn, where his name will remain for the election.	an electoral commission spokesperson told the sun mr carroll could still potentially win, although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought.	mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as' the eurovisionary carroll'.
joe anderson, 56, the mayor of liverpool, claimed £4,500 per year from a school where he previously worked, despite doing nothing for pupils.	labour mayor who campaigned against austerity while being paid an £80,000 salary took £4,500 per year from chesterfield high school, merseyside, despite doing nothing for pupils.	judge daniel serota ruled that outsiders would consider the payments a' misapplication of public monies'.
waheed ahmed, 21, from rochdale, greater manchester, was held at birmingham airport in the early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police.	he was deported by the turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers last night.	ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children ranging from a one-year-old baby to an 11-year-old - were stopped on the turkish border with syria on april 1.
fireman stephen hunt, 38, died after she discarded a cigarette causing a city centre shop blaze which claimed the life of a firefighter had the charge dropped today.	the girl - who was just 15 at the time - is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight.	she was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on monday.
kevin russ traveled from california to colorado, making his way through arizona, texas and new mexico.	the photographer said he was initially' fearful and unsure' when his friend levi approached him with the idea, but did n't let that stop him from the new adventure.
lee allan bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in saskatchewan.	a 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as l.t., reportedly admitted to killing lee bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying.	lee was pronounced dead from severe head injuries four hours after he went missing in saskatchewan, canada.
kay hafford, 28 (left and right) was shot in the back of the head in a texas road-rage accident but was able to pull over and call for help.	the brave church singer agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up and evans, 22, has now been charged with aggravated assault.	ms hafford, who is still recovering, had been trying to get on the freeway when she honked at a passing suv.	she said the pair had an angry exchange and the driver then began taunting her.
farmers and shearers across australia are' prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry'.	peta's latest campaign shows vegan guitarist jona weinhofen, holding a severed lamb alongside the words,' here's the rest of your wool coat'.	peta later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed' the realities of the australian wool industry industry'.
nbc news has changed its account of how chief foreign correspondent richard engel was kidnapped in syria.	the broadcaster had previously reported that the 2012 kidnapping of mr engel, which saw him held for five days and expecting to be killed, was carried out by forces associated with president bashar-al assad.	but mr engel has revealed that following analysis of his kidnapping it is likely the men that took him were in fact a sunni group.
kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty to stop him developing into a woman.	he was given counselling when his schoolwork started to suffer, and later decided to confront the issue head-on.
hayley sandiford told that postman terroriser winston must leave her home.	neighbours can have their mail delivered for the first time since february 2014.	miss sandiford says her family are being' taunted all the time' by people in the area.
national radio astronomy observatory is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower.	it claims irobot's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life.	this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory.
lisa skinner, 52, shot the male home invader, who has now been identified as her estranged husband bradley skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m.	police said mr skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife.	according to al.com, his injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive.
new zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.	the large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta, in mexico, with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth.	mr weston told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop's owner.
budi spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup.	he was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable.	he then performs the same gesture back at her.
paris is a favourite city of kanye and kim's where they enjoyed the first half of their wedding celebrations.	the only only child of kim kardashian and kanye west giggled as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the charles-de-gaulle airport.
new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper.	the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable.	islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
police have arrested two 17-year-old boys on suspicion of preparing to travel to syria to join terrorists, while also detaining a' terror fundraiser'.	the teenagers were detained at their homes in coventry, west midlands, during a 6am raid by the region's counter terrorism unit today.	all three are currently in custody in a west midlands police station and have been detained under the police and criminal evidence act.
the curtain fell on mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 on thursday night with a spectacular show by johanna johnson.	the glamorous hollywood-inspired collection featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers, while the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the great gatsby.	johnson's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection, which was created in under one month, interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere.
cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army.	but it was tony abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six.	however the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to mr abbott's stance on same-sex marriage, saying she is' sad' that he is not a supporter of it.
hafeez batthi, 33, and his wife, khalida, are a' hardworking, honest and kind' parents of a little baby boy who moved from pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in australia.	the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon.	stacey eden, 23, overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as' isis terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple.
dr. nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health system in february 2013.	the settlement is one of the largest settlements on record in the u.s. involving sexual misconduct.	dr. nikita levy was fired in february 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams.
scientists announced today that measurements made by the european space probe philae, which landed on comet 67p in november, show the comet's core is n't magnetised.	some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation.	height above the surface is plotted on the x-axis and magnetic field strength on the y-axis.
elton john and lead singer of rem michael stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a georgia prison.	us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
sebastian thrun founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars.	it said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition.	but he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers.
people walking along somerton beach, southwest of adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged 45 lying on the shore on december 1, 1948.	the persian phrase' ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman's telephone number in the book where the paper came from.	the mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in dna testing.
jerry grayson, who lives in melbourne, is originally from arundel, sussex.	tracked down every aircraft he flew as part of royal navy rescue missions.	found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit.	mr grayson said:' it's bizarre that it's now being used to sleep in'.
nyia parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in maryland ever since her son was found in a pile of wet leaves in cobb creek park in philadelphia last friday.	police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals.	he was found next to his wheelchair.
scientists have developed a device that clips onto the smartphone and could even eventually be used at home.	their device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells.
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am.	both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.	as officials did n't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long lines forming.
venessa harris, 12, was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after a nasty fall.	aspiring model venessa harris gained self-confidence from the competition after struggling with low self-esteem.	her parents kelly harris and karen monaghan found out that their daughter could have cancer on christmas eve.
prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon this morning.	made the blunder of confusing the two methods for eating a cream tea.	the tory leader has spent the day campaigning in devon, where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority.
maureen baker, 14, was walking to school when robert blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her.	he had been smoking cannabis and allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash.	her husband paul, 47, told the hearing his wife was depressed and had been unable to return to her job at oxford university.
new york is set to officially break ground this week on a ferris wheel that could become the tallest in the world once it is completed in early 2017.	but any reign for the new york wheel would be brief, as dubai started construction a few days ago on a ferris wheel that will be just 60ft higher.	the humongous attraction on staten island promises stunning panoramic views of the manhattan skyline.
martin alvarado jr., from cicero, illinois, appeared in court on monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of edwin eli o'reilly and has been ordered to be held without bail.	he was watching edwin at their home in cicero last thursday when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change.	alvarado allegedly repeatedly hit the little boy.
deanna rudison, 55, was captured on a surveillance camera at quick stop gas station in the 3300 block of carondelet street this morning splashing a liquid believed to be bleach at an 18-year-old girl and her 15-year-old friend.	hours after the incident, the woman turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery.	investigators say the older of the two victims was standing in line at the gas station convenience store at around 7.40am.
boy from mossley, greater manchester, can not be named for legal reasons.	teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at manchester youth court.	but he claimed he was attempting to buy the toxin because he wanted to commit suicide.
micha stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 3 and 4.3kg.	he says he had his penis permanently enlarged in this way, not because it makes him feel more beautiful.	mr stunz, 45, who lives in berlin, said exactly how much it weighs.
a man called alex posted a video on youtube in which he asked the programme on his ipad a series of questions about gay marriage, where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the uk.	he asks siri in russian' is gay marriage normal?'
kelsey higley, who studies art at the university of oklahoma in norman, created' manipulation' which showed her body digitally altered according to beauty trends.	the 22-year-old's work, entitled' manipulated', plays in a non-stop loop for over a minute and sees her proportions morphing into different shapes, often cartoon, highlighting the constantly changing beauty ideals that women face.	kelsey, who graduates in may, says that after spending' countless hours' browsing magazines for body trends, she combined'126 digitally manipulated photos that create the illusion that i am molding my body like modeling clay.
ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties, asking them what they thought were the most important issues facing the country.	not one of ed miliband's labour candidates named the deficit as an important issue facing the country.	the issue of britain’s relationship with the eu was also not mentioned by a single labour candidate.
david cameron has admitted boris johnson is aiming to be the next tory leader.	he said the london mayor had' suddenly realised' after years of mischief making that his main political rivals were those lining themselves up to take over the top job.	the admission exposes the battle quietly raging behind the scenes over who will take over from mr cameron.
rebecca and husband harry settle in at anantara the palm jumeirah restaurant.	the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else.	it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the maldives.
dc ciara campbell was an officer at lancaster cid.	she is accused of spying on her ex-partner pc stuart swarbrick 200 times over a year.	the 43-year-old, formerly of lancaster cid in lancashire, is accused of spying on her partner alice coxhead, a civilian police support worker, 50 times using the system.
tesco has ordered its staff to get fit by dancing and running on the spot in store amid concerns about overweight checkout workers putting off customers.	industry insiders have said that the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
angela linton wrote a homophobic message, directed at one of her son's teachers in the child's pass book.	the 47-year-old, from handsworth in birmingham, has been given a community order, told to carry out unpaid work and fined £185 for harassing the victim.	linton's son started at perry beeches secondary school in september last year.
internet companies will have to reveal names, ip addresses and addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film the dallas buyers club online illegally.	internet companies iinet limited, internode, amnet broadband, dodo services, adam internet and wideband networks were all affected by the ruling.	but legals experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations.
prince andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta.	their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up are sold through a charity called key to freedom.
michael owen was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed.	the men, named locally as michael owen and kyle careford, were killed in the road accident in crowborough, east sussex.	mr owen, 21, had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday.
dr zoe waller, 31, is a university lecturer and uses her own skin to teach her students about new drugs and molecules.	this is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure.	it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction.
tony orrell, 56, from feltham, vowed to shed the pounds alongside his wife debbie, also 56, after he hit 38 stone and she tipped the scales at 18 stone.	at size xxxxxxxxl, tony had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers online and was scared to sit on normal chairs.
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005 and pointing a gun at him before handcuffing him and threatening to shoot him.	the plaintiff, luis colon, also claimed that rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car.	colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct.
uk came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance, putting us outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people in the world.	britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness.
nasa will launch the orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built.	the first is a near-earth asteroid (nea) scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations.	it aims to improve the current understanding of the asteroid environment.
nikki thomas, from south wales, says she wants to turn back the clock and tell jenna that she did n't have to' put up' with her former partner's obsessive behaviour.	but jenna, who was strangled to death by philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008, never reported his behaviour to police - and paid the ultimate price.	he is warning others to learn from her sister's tragic story and not tolerate stalking behaviour.
edward’s snow den has appeared in the us president’s headquarters.	it is thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia.	it follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by snowden.
woolworths launched' fresh in our memories' last week.	inviting australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country, which it then branded with its logo and a' fresh in our memories' slogan.	online campaign for woolworths has caused outrage on social media.
trendy south yarra apartments have been valued between $1.3 million and $1.5 million by listing agents.	realtors have been running vip showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes before the hammer falls on april 28.	the pair made a return for' triple threat' after winning only $10,000 on the' glasshouse' auction day.
documentary star: this is one of more than 200 members of check it, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america.	the film, also named check it, explains how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at, while others have served time in juvenile prisons.	but now, the'tight-knit' gang members are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in.
president barack obama offers a toast on stage to french president francois hollande at the state dinner on the south lawn of the white house in washington.	obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman, who became president in 1945, held six dinners during nearly eight years in office.
jasmine dinjar, the girlfriend of terry willesee, was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign.	joining him on his cannabis crusade is his girlfriend jasmine dinjar who has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign.	jasmine lit up in celebration of jesse's ongoing campaign to legalise marijuana.	jess is the son of tv veteran terry willesee.
the merfin, a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid, looks set to be the essential piece of beach play kit this summer.	the product is the brainchild of australian professional freediver kazzie mahina.	the 37-year-old, from byron bay in new south wales, created the flippers in the shape of a mermaid tail to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature.
binmen in farnham, surrey, have branded waste collection squads as' little hitlers' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter.	homeowners have been told to remove any non-recyclable material from the wheelie bin lids.
andy murray will marry kim sears at dunblane cathedral next week.	he is pictured as best man at brother jamie's wedding to alejandra gutierrez.	murray and miss sears will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral next week.
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at canberra hospital for treatment on friday with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing.	the woman did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an ebola treatment clinic in liberia.	she's being treated in complete isolation with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing.
study suggests societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful, deities.	study by the national evolutionary synthesis centre (nescent) implies that it arises from a mixture of ecological, historical, and cultural factors.
katrina maddox, 23, pulled off the double against all the odds after having baby edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last thursday.	the toddler, who is now two, ended up being delivered by his dad, peter maddox, 30, in the back of the ambulance as they were driven through north tuddenham.
stephen dodd took photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month.	soft goal down after 45 minutes and an expensively assembled team which looked as if it had been recruited from the local jobcentre half an hour before the kick-off.	matches are shifted all over the shop by the schedulers, for purely commercial reasons.
u.s. district judge henry t. wingate sentenced shelbie brooke richards, 21, of pearl to eight years in prison on one count of conspiracy to commit a hate crime.	u.s. district judge henry t. wingate also sentenced sarah adelia graves, 22, of crystal springs to five years in prison for one count of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police.	wingate died after being beaten and run over by a truck that fatally ran over anderson in june 2011.
jon hamm is pictured here in the university of texas at austin yearbook for 1990 (left) - the same year he was allegedly involved in a hazing scandal at the sigma nu fraternity.	the documents claim that hamm, 44, was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic november 1990 initiation, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom.
somali-born hirsi ali, 45, emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands.	she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist.	hirsi ali said that the law in the u.s. and the fact that the law has championed the u.s. as the best country in the world.
ben cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates on wednesday morning but he did not appear.	his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments, and said he had a photograph of the document, but the court requires a hard copy.	the magistrate had ordered cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm wst or an arrest warrant would be issued.
britain was sixth from last in a list of the world's most religious countries with only 30 per cent of people practising a faith.	this compared to 53 per cent of people are atheists, with only a meagre 6 per cent regarding themselves as religious.	globally two-thirds of people still consider themselves religious.
department store has reduced its endless blue cross sales and promotions.	experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced.	high street chains are calling time on cut-price promotions that seem to go on forever.
british airways' new mindfulness programme is attempting to make long-haul air travel as relaxing and refreshing as possible.	mindfulness for travel series was developed for launch of the airline's new airbus a380 service between london and san francisco.	airline consulted with mindfulness expert mark coleman, also founder of the mindfulness institute, to develop recommended practices.
sam reese, a male model who recently appeared on channel 4's first dates show, has received death threats over his behaviour on twitter.	the 22-year-old's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter.
train heading from queens into manhattan was suspended for almost two hours after smoke in an underwater tunnel left hundreds of passengers stuck beneath the east river.	the train's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to grand central station in manhattan.	part of the train's contact shoe, which gets power from the third rail, is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail.
sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were' totally unacceptable in british society'.	his comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale, rotherham and oxford.	sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were' totally unacceptable in british society'.
the duchess of cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing.	the royal couple's favoured childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival.	indeed, one children's clothing company that became known around the world.
fife council workers looked at mikaeel kular's confidential files after he was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya, who beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days before hiding his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods.	she then told police the boy had wandered off, sparking a huge manhunt before eventually leading officers to the body near kirkcaldy in fife, in january last year.	it has now been revealed at least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action.
james hannaway, who restored and reopened the traditional cinema in 2004, announced the decision on the company's website.	he explained that the special screenings, which were introduced in 2007 after complaints over babies being allowed to all matinees.	mr hannaway said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies, even though they declared they' might contain babies'.
hillary clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband bill on saturday afternoon.	the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary's bearing the clinton foundation logo- and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun.	mrs clinton will participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two-day swing through the granite state.
status quo, katherine jenkins and elaine paige will perform at a concert to mark the 70th anniversary of ve day.	it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war, running from friday, may 8 to sunday.
spacex is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket on the international space station.	the experimental espresso machine is intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy.	it is scheduled for launch to the international space station aboard a supply capsule which will also include 4,000 pounds of food, science research and other equipment.
mark sanders is a doctor and lawyer in fort worth texas.	but after he graduated high school in 1988 he entered the university of texas at austin and pledged the sigma nu fraternity.	hamm was one of seven sigma nu brothers who tormented and humiliated sanders when he was a young pledge at the university of texas at austin.
dr terry dubrow and dr terry dubrow, the resident experts on the popular e! reality tv’s favorite doctors are back to taking on plastic surgery gone wrong on the second season of the e! reality show botched, which is due to begin its second season tonight, spoke to cosmopolitan.com about the'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show, explaining that many of the various cosmetic blunders featured go beyond anything either of them had ever been faced with before.
jeff dubois of kiro, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5.	the truck had just merged onto interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 million bees, washington state patrol trooper said.
the queen has spent a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in windsor great park this week.	her majesty was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony, carltonlima emma, as she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry in the beautiful park close to her windsor castle home on monday.	on thursday the monarch was seen trotting through the park again with pendry as the sunshine lit up the blooming flora.
sir bradley wiggins' last for team sky approached a crossing over a train track.	but as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through, the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds on their rivals - and putting their lives at risk.	bbc sports commentator rob hayles said the competitors had had a close shave.
walter scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery, it has been revealed.	deputies told the two to break it up, the report states, as well as a deputy before shoving the officer.	scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail.
matilda kahl, an art director at saatchi & saatchi, wears the exact same ‘uniform’ – an outfit made up of black trousers, white shirt and a custom leather rosette – every single day because, as she explains to dailymail.com:' when at work, i want to be judged on my work and my work only.	i finally chose something i regretted as soon as i hit the subway platform.	i needed to come up with a solution to simplify this morning struggle'.
emilia clarke as daenerys targaryen in the first series of the hit show.	new figures reveal it is the most illegally downloaded show in the world.	figures by anti-piracy and security firm irdeto revealed overall illegal downloading show is up 45 per cent year-on-year.
martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas' domestic and international pilots.	he is pictured here with crew wearing the current dress.	melbourne-born, paris-based designer martin grant (centre) will refresh the uniforms.
hsbc ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their ‘ distress and inconvenience’ over the ‘ unfair application of its age policy’.	the couple, who do not wish to be named, applied for the joint interest-only mortgage over 18 years on their home, in which they held substantial equity.	hsbc was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished.
models give the front row an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by marriam seddiq during the st george new generation show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia.	models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by marriam seddiq, and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising.
mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in stoke mandeville, buckinghamshire.	she owns a £600,000 house, has savings and shares worth £100,000.	the ruling was made in the secretive court of protection in which hearings are routinely closed to the public.
gertrud tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel on her face.	her body was found at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo, a small town 85 miles south-west of durban.	police in kwazulu-natal are waiting for the results of forensic tests to confirm that sister gertrud was sexually assaulted.
django greenblatt-seay, 33, made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus stand out by filming a commercial for the car he is selling for $3,000.	the video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at hummel park in omaha, nebraska.	greenblatt-seay used a drone to film this cinematic overhead shot at hummel park in omaha, nebraska.
pippa and nico jackson share a kiss as they walk down the street.	the 31-year-old was pretty in a tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and a heart-print top.	when it comes to flat shoes, jemima vine rules the roost.
jacob hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away under for his seven-year-old son, evan, when he was late paying up the last time around.	father-of-three jeff pyrotek answered mr hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on soundcloud.	mr hall said his son was' totally overjoyed' with the message.
xana doyle, 19, was a passenger in the toyota avensis, which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in january.	the toyota avensis flipped and landed on its roof after the crash in the early hours of the morning in january.	xana ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class a and b drugs before getting behind the wheel.	ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
the 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs, to treat skin cancer.	doctors at the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center in new york have hailed their patient's recovery' one of the most astonishing responses'.	they combined a standard drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab.
melvin the giraffe had got his head stuck in a fence when he was attacked by an eland antelope walking in the same enclosure at kristiansand zoo in southern norway.	around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at dyreparken kristiansand on monday.	zoo vets rushed to the scene, but were unable to save the five-year-old giraffe, who died in front of shocked families.
sarah wilson has hit out at a woman’s website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder.	the journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ‘ i quit sugar’ book complained to mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa – a condition defined by an obsession for eating ‘healthily’.
nutritionist sarah flower says cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need.	it's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods.
harry mount's timepiece in a one-man pickpocket show, called man of steal, in which he even takes off someone’s tie without them realising.	freedman, 49, describes himself as ‘ the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet’.
sofia vergara is fighting back in the bitter battle with ex nick loeb over the fate of frozen embryos the couple created in november 2013, six months before they ended their relationship.	the 42-year-old' has never wanted to destroy her embryos.	she's not planning on using them either, the attorney said in the statement, adding that vergara' is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex.
natalie prescott, 26, was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt which went horribly wrong.	her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did, she would almost certainly lose her legs.	natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public.
u.s. environmental protection agency says methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in puerto rico.	the toxic pesticide poisoned a u.s. family on vacation in the virgin islands has also been improperly used in puerto rico.	epa regional administrator judith enck said thursday after a federal investigation.
iain mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend.	he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar near to the bar where he had been talking to his girlfriend moments before his death.
pauline hanson described halal certification as a' profit, money-making racket'.	she also said that the protests on saturday were about' criticism, not racism'.	it's a profit, money-making racket and has been connected with the muslim brotherhood in france.
companies tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are, by all accounts, causing quite a stir.	it has already caught the attention of one big company, which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers.
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head.	the suspect, who is described as hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of wagner street in del rey.
alissa sizemore, from vernal, utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it.	she chose colbie caillat's hit try, a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year, for her debut performance, in which she removed her artificial limb as a part of her routine.	alissa's mom heather proudly shared a video of her daughter's performance last month on her youtube channel.
mitya the bear waves a tiny fluffy paw as one of his carers at a vlativostok animal park tells his tale.	the little cub was found abandoned outside a circus in vladivostok, east russia, earlier this year.	he is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across russia this spring.
a western gray whale has made the longest known migration by any mammal.	the female, named varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico.	her return journey across the north pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status.
passengers on board a virgin atlantic flight from las vegas delayed by over 33 hours.	but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to gatwick until early on wednesday.	the long delays were too much for some passengers who took to the airport to rest.
scott kelley, now 50, has been arrested a decade after he fled u.s with stepdaughter mary nunes, and her mother genevieve kelley.	the pair fled new hampshire in 2004 along with genevieve kelley, mary's mother, during a custody dispute with mark nunes, genevieve's former husband and mary's father.	kelley's case dates back to december 2004 when mark nunes, a physician, was granted custody of daughter mary, then eight, to take her for treatment for an unspecified illness.
jade ruthven was lambasted on her social media account by her friends, who were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter that they wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop.	the shocking letter, littered with expletives and exclamation marks told the mother that they were' so over' the running commentary on her daughter's life.
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will today find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their indoesian death row sentence will be allowed to proceed.	the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 bali nine heroin smuggling bid.	sydney men chan, 31, and sukumaran, 33, are currently awaiting execution on the death island of nusakambangan with seven other prisoners after being taken from korobokan prison in bali to their final destination, death island.
chloe owens, 27, came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant.	she says she felt like a' rabbit in headlights' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood, which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next.
officers made the grisly discovery last night as they combed rural milngavie, some nine miles from the scottish city.	officers have found' human remains' on a farm outside the city and arrested a man' in connection with her death'.	police have taped off high craigton farm near milngavie to the north of glasgow.
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies.	the post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs director charles johnson, in addition to previous directors, cnn reports.	dhs has notified employees who were identified in the posting and encouraged them to be vigilant.	now is likely an acronym for new world order, a term used by conspiracy theorists to refer to a totalitarian world government.
nick clegg has told the economist there was a range of reasons why different groups left.	he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made including on tuition fees.	he also blamed the fact the lib dems had entered coalition with one of the major parties.
hollie tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in basildon's leisure park.	when she suddenly collapsed.	doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped.	but luckily, two officers, believed to be from the met police, rushed to her side and gave her cpr until an ambulance arrived.
david bulman, 55, and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing.	neighbours called the police after bulman drove away, damaging a gate post and a van, leaving his frightened wife with a black eye and a lump on her head.	bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm at bristol crown court.
the screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development.	israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap – and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
a-listers from michelle obama lent their support to the # bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved.	but unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since.	children as young as four are being used within the ranks of boko haram.
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year, is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair.	' it's good clean fun, with a hint of naughty,' said tara o'hara of chicago.
johnny and amber heard touched down in brisbane, australia, on tuesday morning local time.	the couple, who were wearing their wedding bands, had n't been photographed together in more than two months.	the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were' leading separate lives' because they had n't been photographed together in public since their february 3 nuptials.
pierre collins, 10, has been missing for nearly a month.	he will be processed and taken to the hennepin county jail.	collins' wife, yamah collins, was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle.
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours.	femail has compiled the worst examples, including the names' orgasm', because' it was' mazen' (amazing) when the child was born.
hillary clinton met a few employees at kristin's bakery in keene, new hampshire on monday as her presidential campaign in the granite state got underway, but some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her.	the dissenting kitchen staffers declined to be identified or speak on the record.	others at kristin's were more congenial, including an infant girl named molly who cooed while clinton held her.
snp leader nicola sturgeon hit back at claims from tory former prime minister sir john major over her demand to play a role in proper up a labour government, when she is' not even bothering' to stand as an mp herself.	sir john said that he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to scotland would make independence more, not less, likely.	he warned of' mayhem' if the snp holds the balance of power, with a weak labour government open to a' daily dose of blackmail'.
jaclyn pfeiffer, 29, worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full-time for the last 18 months.	her partner, kelly bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher.	the two have been together since october.
natasha willard fell ill while studying for her a-levels in cwmbran in wales.	she was diagnosed with inflammation of the brain when she fell ill.	her condition has worsened, leaving her unable to move her limbs and barely able to speak.
imf's europe director quoted by greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out.	thomsen's prediction was made as the greek government repeated previous threats that unless more bail out money was made available then it would stop paying back creditors.	this would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone.
chloe valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her adelaide home in january 2012.	her mother, ashlee polkinghorne, and her partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect.	coroner mark johns' ruling that families sa was broken and fundamentally flawed.
daughters of sir paul's first wife linda, who died of cancer four years previously, were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner.	but not everyone was smiling after sir paul mccartney married heather mills.
martyn uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole.	council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard.	but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary.
nick clegg appears determined to enjoy the election campaign.	aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives.
scott stephenson is due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street in south shields, tyne and wear.	he unleashed an extraordinary expletive-filled rant outside court this week after he was bailed ahead of his sentencing for a theft in which he stole a phone from a man dying of hypothermia.	stephenson and friend dale walker, 25, found him but failed to turn up to a previous court hearing.
gemma collins has expanded her popular plus-size clothing for evans with seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses.	the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex - who has gone from selling cards in romford to being the face and force behind her successful clothing brand.
intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm's button sized computed and controller wristband.	the robots were powered by curie, a computer the size of a button developed by intel.	today, i want to show you another example of curie,' he explained.
police in lewiston, idaho, are looking for this passer-by who pulled driver matthew sitko, 23, from his car that was dangling over a cliff on wednesday.	the man, a passer-by, grabbed a nearby rock and smashed sitko's window, before pulling the victim from the car.	sitko was taken to hospital and is recovering from minor injuries, however he is lucky to be alive.
us researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to keep the weight off in the long term.	others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere.
lipscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out, according to a city clerk.	mcdade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said.	carey was later spotted' hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital.
gilbert jaffe, a retired satellite engineer at lockheed martin, collects rain water from his sidewalk into his back garden in the echo park district of los angeles tuesday as rains moved down from northern california.	thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season.	earlier in the day, the storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of northern california.
bookmakers coral have great british bake off host sue perkins.	it has made her evens for the role, ahead of former x-factor presenter dermot o'leary and british model jodie kidd for the appointment.
sophie thomas wore the black shirt in march when she was having her picture taken at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia.	when the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with photoshop.	thomas, an eighth grader at the school, had worn the shirt to school in the past without having any problems.
iain duncan smith has launched a scathing attack on labour's' politics of hate and envy'.	the work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on' the most left-wing platform since michael foot' and was' peddling lies' about the government's record.	in an interview with the daily mail, the former conservative leader set out a powerful moral case for the party's policies.
1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged.	the form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold – by delaware rare book dealer ian brabner, whose firm, rare americana, buys and sells 18th to early 20th century books and historical manuscripts.
prime minister tony abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25.	two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne's south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day ceremonies.	besim besim, 18, has been charged in relation to an alleged terror plot targeting anzac day ceremonies.
huge rise will be due to a baby boom among pakistani, bangladeshi, and african immigrants.	campaigners fear that this sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the nhs, and worsen the quality of life in britain.
downton creator julian fellowes told the mail on sunday:' robert grantham would be in his early teens, cora would be a child.	there may also be a place for robert, the earl of grantham, and his wife cora, who is american-born.	julian wants a month off after finishing downton, but then it is full steam ahead.
ukrainian interior ministry says oleg kalashnikov found dead wednesday evening.	oleg kalashnikov found dead wednesday evening.	kalashnikov was deputy for party of regions in ukraine's previous parliament.	at least six former ukrainian officials from yanukovych's time have died.
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi, beating the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003.	another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers at the central japan railway company predict it could reach 373mph (600km/h).
rachel lynn lehnardt, 35, from evans, georgia, appeared to be stressed as she walked outside her house.	she was arrested on saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends.	the mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail.
spain remains britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years.	new figures from the uk civil aviation authority shows 238m passengers passed through british airports in 2014, just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more (a 4.4 per cent rise) than 2013.	most passengers (144m) fly to europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the uk.
officers investigating the popular fast food house reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs.	the canines, which appeared to have been killed with blows to the head, were used for the fillings of' pastels', a traditional brazilian stuffed pastry which is deep-fried and normally made with ground beef.	owner chinese van ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat.
the 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco-resort and conservation area.	the resort will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as' fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the ailing area.	it is set to open in 2018.
scotland has recently been named the most popular wedding destination in the uk, according to a survey by the country's tourist board.	the tennis star will wed kim sears in his hometown of dunblane, north of stirling, on april 11.
islamic state militants are seen storming the yarmouk camp in damascus last wednesday.	jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of aknaf beit al-maqdis online.	like isis, the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy, although its presence in yarmouk has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents.
comcast and time warner cable will meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday.	the proposed meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing their proposed deal a year ago.	there are also concerns the merged company and would have too much power in the internet broadband market.
dove has asked women to rate themselves as either' beautiful' or' average'.	dove erected signs above doors to public buildings in five cities - shanghai, san francisco, london, sao paulo, sao paulo and delhi.
jared mccarroll head chef at m restaurant and grill, the first step to a perfect steak starts when you're shopping for a perfect steak and pay a little bit extra for the best meat.
billy mitchell, now seven, was born with apert syndrome, a rare condition which causes malformations.	he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities.	he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
mahendra bavishi, who lives in sudan, said he believes it was an inside job.	heist said yesterday that he believes he suspects someone connected to the company or other firms in the same premises had links with criminal gangs.	mr bavishi is a joint director of hatton garden safe deposit ltd with eldest son manish bavishi.
social services minister scott morrison has announced on sunday that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on' personal, philosophical or religious' reasons.	parents who refuse to immunised their kids are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child.
health experts have warned that being socially isolated can be as harmful as smoking 15 cigarettes a day, leading to an increased risk of problems such as dementia and high blood pressure.	campaigners say that local councils should draw up maps of the places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation.
the 47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states.	police allege the man used a range of social media sites and chat rooms using names like' jazz',' jazzman' and' david bourne' to lure the children in.	he is accused of offering his victims money or using extortion to force the children to send him indecent images.
liana barrientos, 39, of the bronx, pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her' services'.	cbs reports that the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece tracy barrientos.	barrientos was granted the new charge of service, and was released without any bail being set.
dartmouth college judicial committee has' derecognized' alpha delta after several pledges received brands on their backsides.	it found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations.	the fraternity has until next monday to appeal the decision.
planes coming from south-east asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed after finding the exotic mosquito aedes aegypti, which is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in north queensland.	the mozzie is known to carry crippling viruses like dengue, chikunguya and yellow fever.	aedes aegypti, known for its black and white stripes, can spread crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya.
catherine lynn smith, 50, was arrested on tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her former home, which had been auctioned off.	the 50-year-old's home on north pine knoll drive was recently auctioned off, and new homeowner ed harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway and called police.	deputies had to completely air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats - most in crates.
malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of gq australia in a bold move that will no doubt set senators' tongues wagging.	posing in a suave blue suit with a pinstriped shirt and a contrasting red tie, mr turnbull's confident demeanour is complimented by the bold, confronting words printed across the page:' primed minister'.	malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the gq australia may issue which hits newsstands on monday 20 april.
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan.	the offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like.
waheed ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of the extremist group hizb ut-tahrir.	he is said to be a member of the extremist group hizb ut-tahrir.	advocates a global muslim caliphate, similar to the one established by islamic state in syria and iraq.
stephanie scott, 26, was due marry her partner of five years, aaron leeson-woolley, in a small town in new south wales this saturday.	but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding.	now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body, leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements.
ronald and miriam pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service during the second world war.	they married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester, welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating ve day.	after almost 72 years together, mrs pearson, 95, died last month.
italian musician andrea furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stony stratford, milton keynes.	he holds a ‘ butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune, while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background.
the german woman, who has not been named, was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon.	three thieves are said to have ‘ appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag.	the items are all listed and numbered because of their high value – something which will make them very hard to sell on.
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster's methodist central hall.	he faced claims he blamed all of britain's problems on migrants.	nigel farage said he did not' lose my rag' after rounding on audience members.
ed miliband today refused to confirm that harriet harman would become deputy prime minister if he gets to number 10.	the snub comes just three days after miss harman made clear that she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power.	mr miliband also refused to guarantee her the role.
university of swansea student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent.	the student loan did n't cover even my housing, let alone living expenses, food, books and travel costs.
jj watt performed an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump.	the standing box jump - a popular crossfit workout move - is billed as a personal best.	jj watt, already a legend in houston for his performance both on the field and off, leaned down after his jump and declared:' must have been the shoes, baby!' the clip, impressive as it may be, appears to be a stunt for reebok, which announced on monday that they had signed the nfl star to a shoe endorsement deal.
a californian farmer is pictured surveying his drought-hit land in san luis obispo county.	the so-called golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year.
burlesque performer lillian bustle explained in her ted talk that' fat' is just another word - and using it does n't have to be an insult.	she insists that the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for' ugly'.
grandparents patrick and marianne charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout on a cold november night last year.	the couple, who had been married for 53 years, sat down in their conservatory in eastbourne, east sussex, with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room.	an elderly couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, andrew charles, raised the alarm on december 11 and police searched the property, hastings magistrates' court heard.
a-league club was booted out of the finals for cheating the salary cap.	glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table.	fans set off a series of flares, unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them.	perth glory will be excluded from the a-league finals.
the turin shroud will be on public display until june 24.	pilgrims have already made reservations to see the cloth.	archbishop cesare nosiglia presents the holy shroud, which will be on public display until june 24.
louise smith, 38, has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run.	she was eating dinner with the child and a man in the crown and thistle pub near carlisle, cumbria.	but carlisle magistrates' court heard this week that in reality smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
the error was spotted during a training course in hamble near southampton.	two officers will have the word' police' written upside down on their uniforms.	chairman of the hampshire police federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online.
migrant workers producing vegetables exported to britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables are being grown as toilets.	they are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern spain.
passengers headed from kansas city, missouri, to denver, colorado.	6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop.	passengers told that if they got off, that would be the end of their trip.
massachusetts senator elizabeth warren said thursday that she does n't believe convicted boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev should be sentenced to death.	warren went on to speak about current democratic party issues, as well as comment and likely presidential candidate hillary clinton.	warren has repeatedly denied that she will run in the democratic primaries.
tate ricks was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore.	authorities are searching a florida river for a nine-year-old boy who went missing after a boat carrying him and a family friend was hit with a wake causing the boat to capsize.	officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
aaron schock, 33, is facing calls to pay for the special elections to replace him.	the letter seeks a check or a promise from schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs.	county officials estimate each will run about $38,000.
jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive.	business mogul jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education, which is now failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out.
saturday night live poked fun at hillary clinton just hours before she is set to announce she is running for president, by mocking her decision to tell the world via social media.	the pair decide to record a cellphone video of the democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable.	clinton seems incapable of talking about anyone but herself and brushes off her potential competitors.
authorities say a second boy has died after his family's car plunged into los angeles harbor, killing his 13-year-old brother.	the boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle.	they were n't breathing when rescuers brought them up.	the teen died at the hospital several hours later.
diana doyle was plagued with cold calls.	it has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring.	even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
vicky pryce has written a book about life in women's prisons.	she admits she never baked cakes for her children and would often be late for parties.	she says her advice to women would be to' be as independent as you possibly can'.
documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.	the couple reportedly told staff they wanted a baby girl to' complete their family'.
kansas welfare recipients who want taxpayers to shell out for their government-supplied stipends have until july 1 to experiment with the latest in body art.	the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback's policies, including one that requires' temporary cash assistance' recipients to hold down jobs.
driss diaeddinn bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers, 38-year-old reda diaeddinn and their mother, 76-year-old kenza benzakour, on the ground floor of their phoenix, arizona home at 2pm on thursday.	he then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law, 26-year-old meriem ben yahia, before taking his own life.	police said it appears the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business.	abc 15 reported that he shot each victim in a way that ensured they were dead.
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system.	located in the heart of downtown toronto, the cn tower offers sweeping views of canada's largest city and lake ontario.
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan were selling a range of toys at the boot sale in bude, cornwall, when they spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall.	the bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world, made in december 1997 for the princess of wales memorial trust.
13-year-old stephanie wrote to her father in nevada’s delamar dry lake.	her father is a keen photographer and likes to take pictures of the earth.	she enlisted the help of car manufacturer hyundai to make the earth drawing, that has now broken a world record for its size.
rand paul, a kentucky senator, launched his presidential campaign tuesday in louisville, kentucky, sparred with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions.	as guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped – iran, aid to israel and defense spending – a testy and impatient paul cut her off.	paul, who launched his presidential campaign tuesday, launched his presidential bid on tuesday.
man dubbed' new zealand's worst ever drink driver' has been released from prison.	he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel.	laing was earlier jailed for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified.
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are taking their masterclass of wellness: the boardroom retreat to ceos and executives across australia.	skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking, business and retail sector.
more than 70 animals have been seized from a filthy mobile home belonging to john koepke who was banned from keeping pets.	one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies in a box.	one cat in the video appeared to have a serious injury to its left eye.
taylor alesana described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last november.	support group said, raising questions about what educators can and should do to support students who change gender identity.	alesana had a strong relationship with her counselor at fallbrook high school, north of san diego, but school administrators' did n't take the necessary steps'.
louisa steckenreuter, 35, a mother to two young children, darcy, 13, and tilda, 2, was diagnosed with osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year.	now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from dulwich hill, in sydney's inner-west, needs to raise $100,000.
the italian-inspired mansion in the mountains of vail, colorado has gone on sale for $29.5 million.	homeowner dick rothkopf, a former toy company chief, chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills.	the home, which was built in 2008, is made from materials brought over from the homeowner's trips to italy.
michael easy, 29, from southampton, hampshire, sparked nationwide police manhunt after going on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party.	he posted photographs of himself on facebook posing in a platinum wig and pink dame edna everage-style glasses under the facebook name' michelle dirt'.
cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro, 21, is vying to steal kim kardashian's crown for having the curviest booty in america.	the miami-based latina, who has already been dubbed the' cuban kim kardashian' by the city's fashion crowd, is well known for strutting her stuff on the region's balmy beaches.
long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life.	in a scathing article, long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed.	mr schofield moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage.
hillary clinton embraced the federal recognition of same-sex marriage today.	the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department, saying she' was fully in support of gay marriage'.	clinton had brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on sunday that featured' everyday' americans preparing for something big - including a gay couple planning their wedding.
shah jahah khan, 62, and muslim convert ibrahim anderson, 38, each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation.	anderson appeared at westminster magistrates court wearing dark grey islamic dress with a grey cardigan, while elderly-looking khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue islamic dress.	ibrahim anderson, left, and shah jahah khan, who have both pleaded guilty to terror offences today at westminister magistrates court.
house homeland security panel chairman michael mccaul revealed that capitol authorities had doug hughes, 61, in their sights and were prepared to open fire.	hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone, which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.	hughes of the latest embarrassment for white house and capitol security.
the eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in new south wales has been identified as a nine-year-old boy continues to fight for his life.	she was in the car with her mother, chantelle boddy, and two brothers when it is believed their holden astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.	the incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the astra with severe injuries.	glenda's grandmother, helen boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on saturday.
labor department reported on thursday that the number of jobless americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year.	the unemployment rate for college graduates grew by 1.5per cent in 2014, despite president obama's promise to reverse the trend.	it plans to hire 9,000 graduates from u.s. universities this year.
todd larson, 55, told daily mail online he had parked his collectible dodge challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his taylorsville home on march 25.	moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am.	he said the faa did an investigation and found an a1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home.	mr larson said two minutes later at 1.55am he called police to file the report of the ice chunk falling through his car's windshield, which he believes came from a delta airlines a1 aircraft.
nigel jackson, 59, was arrested at his country home in alvor, algarve.	his wife brenda davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave outside.	but after being shown evidence she was killed, he had now changed his story.
an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin, nestled down a private country lane in the new forest, has gone on the market for £350,000.	the 76sq ft hideaway, based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds, is made entirely from timber imported from norway.	its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere.
italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday.	on board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine.	it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth.
bangladesh septum piercings are still very popular with women - many bengali women wear it to show they are married, although this practice is being replaced with a nose stud.	the septum ring is also known as the'bull-ring piercing,' is also used as a way of controlling and handling bulls.
total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax.	campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table.
solomon bygraves, 29, was sentenced to 30 months in prison after admitting robbing 93-year-old stanley evans in the entrance to his block of flats in central london as he returned from a shopping trip.	shocking cctv footage played at southwark crown court, showed bygraves following mr evans into the communal entrance of the flat.	pensioner was then left lying in the entrance to the flats in soho, central london for ten minutes after the attack on january 31.
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls.	some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web.	mr clegg today met patients and staff at bodmin community hospital in cornwall.
jacob church, 21, and joe tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition at a former bank building when the vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in the vault.	the pair - who had only met earlier that night - were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated while police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not getting dangerously low.	eventually fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls.
scientists believe they have found tiny triggers inside those cells that give rise to this' voice' and ruin a dieter's good intentions.	the research focused on pomc neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite.	when the gene for the transcription factor is deleted, the cells no longer make it.
patricia jannuzzi was asked to disable her facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity, in part after school alumnus scott lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & louise star susan sarandon, who's his aunt.	another one of jannuzzi's posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of egyptian men being beheaded and she said that' secular materialists (are) making our country so weak we can not fight the dictatorship of militant islam'.
shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12, 2012, of 29-year-old ryan poston inside his condominium in highland heights, ohio.	hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her, but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten' the nose job he wanted.	hubers then described her late boyfriend of one year as' vain' and she gave him the' nose job he wanted' by shooting him in the face.
the duke of kent, 79, was spotted leaving aberdeen royal infirmary with a walking stick after suffering a dislocated hip during an easter trip to the royal family's balmoral estate.	the queen's cousin, 79, injured himself while staying at the queen's private residence in royal deeside, aberdeenshire, on saturday.	buckingham palace said today that he had been' successfully' treated for a dislocated hip.	despite his age, the duke still undertakes a large number of royal engagements.
jarret stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews, a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports.	stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach, california during the offseason, with the kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident.	stoll, who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the hbo show entourage, was booked into the clark county detention center and was listed as having a hearing on saturday after
shane o'byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby cristabelle out for the first time in march 2013.	in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty.	mr o'byrne, from southsea in portsmouth, hampshire, was forced to pay the sum to chichester district council after the incident in a car park in chichester, west sussex.
loretta reinholdt, 54, and andy wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from belize to the honduran island of roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain when they were attacked.	four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas.	reinholdt (left) and wasinger (right) were on a hired sailboat with a captain two weeks ago when four men waved them down, boarded the boat with guns and knives and demanded money before pushing their boat to the shore of a remote beach
leon yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from shift worker phillip pama, 28, during a row in front of their north brisbane homes.	mr yeaman was reportedly in his yard on muller road making a lot of noise at around 9pm thursday night.	pama, a married father of three, works a 3 am shift at a nearby warehouse and was sleeping at the time he was making a commotion.
lisa mcelroy, a 50-year-old drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira.	she allegedly sent a link to a pornographic website to her students.	mcelroy, who teaches legal writing, got tripped up on the $12,500 level after flying through the first few questions, notes philly.com.
police in surrey have released cctv of the two raiders who stripped off their tops during the hottest day of the year.	the men, who were both in their 20s, had stripped off before raiding a petrol station on the hottest day of the years so far and were caught on camera.	police released these images of the men which they hope will lead to calls from the public, identifying them.
the exploding phone caused injuries so deep that doctors could see hanghang's jawbone.	the boy, known only as hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it.	he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the fresh water crocodile swallowed the lizard whole at a river in northern territory.	after feasting on its' meal, the three-metre reptile noticed ms gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water.	ms gleeson said she has never witnessed anything like this before despite living near a croc infested location.
incumbent chicago mayor rahm emanuel celebrated tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger jesus' chuy' garcia.	emanuel, a former white house chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style, was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat cook county commissioner garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a february election.	the 55-year-old mayor ascended the stage at plumbers local 130 union hall tuesday night.
the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children's hospital in melbourne.	her parents, who are in their 20s, were in the bedroom at the time.	the driver, a 20-year-old grovedale man, is under police guard in geelong hospital.
dr. frederic brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on sunday a police report revealed on tuesday.	the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday, weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix.	friends admit brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he' laughed it off'.
pope francis has accepted the resignation of bishop robert finn who pleaded guilty to failing to report a priest who was a suspected child abuser.	but children's rights advocates are urging pope francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals.	finn pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of failure to report suspected abuse and was sentenced to two years' probation in 2012.
designer shanon parker fills up his ecto-1 at a petrol station in port canaveral, florida.	among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of batman's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy and the much-loved ghostbusters car.
villagers in the small country hamlet of cledford had vehemently opposed the plans saying that travellers could' intimidate' nearby pensioners and may ruin the idyllic surroundings.	but yesterday, cheshire east council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting, which will create a' transit site' with room for nine gipsy families.
inmates of bergen-belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground.	huts once contained the bodies of thousands of jews, gypsies, nazi opponents and the disabled, sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler and his demented regime.
rachel sandridge, 29, from maryland, says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor.	she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy, to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy.	but it was during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample.
kim kardashian and husband kanye west visited a centuries-old armenian church in jerusalem on monday for the baptism of their daughter, north west.	the kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the saint james cathedral in jerusalem's old city.	archbishop aris shirvanian, an armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony.
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week.	residents of rural towns like cumnock, errowanbang and molong in nsw and wicheproof in victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children.	the view from the mercer's cumnock home,' barina', which is part of the rent-a-farmhouse scheme.
fire department officials in texas have been arrested after their volunteer firefighter were charged with sexually assaulting a new male recruit with a chorizo sausage.	fire chief gavin satterfield, 31, and assistant fire chief billy getzendaner, 34, are facing charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet.	blake jerold tucker, 19, was one of five men who allegedly held down the unidentified victim while brittany leanne parten, 23, filmed volunteer firefighters sexually assault a new recruit with a chorizo sausage.
lee rigby's fiancée aimee west, 24, is said to be in a relationship with paul draper.	she is said to have formed a close bond with major draper, who was a mourner at her fiance's funeral.	major draper's ex-wife, jane – said she was not surprised by his new relationship.
keurig's chief technology officer kevin sullivan explained the appeal of his company's single-serve coffee machine is that users can' just close the handle and touch a button, and away it goes.	keurig of homes in the united states now feature single-serve coffee machines, cbs news reported.	spencer said in the interview' a cup of coffee made this way is not necessarily cheap'.
piper kulk, 8, and mother chantelle, 31, were both killed in the head-on crash.	the devoted siblings died in hospital on sunday morning, hours after the accident on the nsw central coast.	piper's brother william, 9, on the left of the family snap caption' our babies', died on sunday morning.	daniel and chantelle are still in hospital.
david cameron will today warn english voters the snp's new powers could impact their lives.	david cameron will call the idea the ‘ carlisle principle’ – named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the uk.
pretty agnese klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year.	older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as' very beautiful'.	older sister gunta has made an emotional video appeal for information about agnese's whereabouts.
nick clegg has also been getting in on the act with supporters in maidstone, kent.	with just 23 days to go, the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the' selfie election'.
a man stormed the runway at ellery's mercedes-benz fashion week australia show at carriageworks in sydney on sunday night.	the man was pictured covering his ears, wagging his finger, and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway.	the man was reportedly overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community.
game of thrones ‘super-fan’ had a fully functional toilet built for him that’s an almost-identical replica of the iron throne that features in the hit tv show.	while the throne on the show was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of aegon the conqueror, the first of the targaryen kings, the loo version was made using plywood by a team of top hollywood prop makers.
andrew o'clee, 36, may have been on the prowl for wife number three.	he claimed to be ‘ looking for a relationship’.	o’clee caught out when his wife discovered on facebook that he had secretly married his mistress may have been searching the internet for wife number three.
princess diana is among 41 million available to order at click of a button.	diana’s butler paul burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax.	qadir ahmed runs the secure iron mountain facility in a leafy suburb of birmingham.
cobbles on the road, which runs alongside the bristol floating harbour and dates back to the 19th century, will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again.	council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been' overwhelmingly' in support for the scheme from cyclists, pedestrians and wheelchair users.	cobbles will be lifted from their current place, cut in half and then relaid again to make the surface smoother for cyclists.
ella dawson, a recent graduate of wesleyan university, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago.	she says she's been dropping the' herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak.	his words hit a sore spot for her and she felt compelled to share her sexual health status.
the post office asked forensic accountants second sight to investigate why money had gone missing from branches before launching court proceedings against subpostmasters.	many were sacked, stripped of their savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches – despite claims that a faulty it system was to blame.
hillary clinton finally announced her long-awaited campaign to be president of the united states, marking the start of her fight' to earn your vote'.	but this political operator was less than impressed with the news, bursting into tears and complaining that the former first lady and secretary of state had stolen his thunder.
victim was taken to hospital on march 28, with burns to 15 per cent of his body.	the victim had been assaulted at mount perry, about 100 kilometres west of bundaberg.	police say the victim is claiming to have amnesia.
iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said thursday that nothing is final and iran will continue to insist on a complete withdrawal of sanctions.	but he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the june 30 deadline.	reuters reported that the crowd chanted' death to america!' during the speech.
ashley mote, 79, of binsted, hampshire, is accused of a string of offences.	he denies 11 offences including acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception.	some of the money he allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs he built up as a result of being prosecuted in the uk for benefit fraud offences.
johanna fernandez, a professor of history at baruch college, delivered mumia abu-jamal a batch of letters from two different schools in new jersey.	he is pictured here also with (abdu jon and pam africa.	untreated diabetes is said to be the reason for abu-jama's hospitalization last week.
erica kinsman filed a civil lawsuit against top nfl prospect jameis winston, claiming he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012.	the lawsuit by erica kinsman, which seeks damages from the former seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the april 30 nfl draft.	winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013.
researchers studied the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the united states to student race.	they found that the teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought were white.	teachers tend to see black pupils as more likely to cause trouble in the future.
joy webb was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to prom.	she asked her 80-year-old' poppa' james drain to prom.	drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951.
dominique granier sparked outrage after he suggested putting on a service specifically for people travelling from a roma encampment next to a cemetery into the centre of montpellier, in the south of france.	but while his comments were immediately met with horror by some, the bus company tam has taken his comments seriously and is said to have' outsourced' part of the route.
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier, gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt at home after he tried on a set of new booties.	footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air.	mathieson said gizmo performed the trick because he was unsure how to walk in his new black boots.
eric lee gates and his adult daughter, chalena mae moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care.	moody and her father were living as a couple in springfield, springfield before moving to klamath falls and have had two children under two years of age.	gates, 49, is currently serving a six-month jail sentence for violating his probation by moving back in with moody after he was originally convicted of incest in january.
ukip leader nigel farage cuts a isolated figure at the end of the bbc tv debate on thursday.	the bbc told icm to make sure a fifth were so-called floating voters, and for every five labour supporters in the room.
rescue teams were called to meadowbank in sydney's west about 11pm on wednesday.	reports a man was trapped in a drain.	firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole.
the little girl, who appears to be around six or seven, is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers, just behind the camera, telling him she is' shooting at daesh' in kurdish.	she chats away to a man behind the camera before firing several rounds into the desert.
tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from iowa won drake university's 36th annual' beautiful bulldog' contest sunday at drake university.	tank, who enjoys eating snow and watching turtles, will now serve as mascot of this year's drake relays.	tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
each year thousands of homeless dogs are euthanized every year.	the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success.	it's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year.
locals from the island of kudahuvadhoo reported witnessing' a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of march 8 last year when the flight disappeared while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board.	the reports come as acoustic scientists from curtin university refuse to rule out the possibility that' distinctive' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the indian ocean.	kudahuvadhoo is located in the southern area of the dhaalu atoll, in the indian ocean.
michael shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children in his apartment complex.	authorities say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at cedar hollow apartments in pinellas park.	he is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children, both boys and girls.
kat lee's desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone.	she told the advertiser a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog.	ms lee's facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares.
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot.	but when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin after his dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30 mph zone.	mr ingram, 50, of saltash in cornwall, said that his camera recorded almost seven hours of footage, which included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car.
nhs england figures show 92 per cent of patients spent less than four hours in the week ending march 29.	more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time.	it is now 89 weeks since hospital a & es met waiting targets.
julie creffield was training for a marathon when she was a size 18.	she was often heckled with taunts of' oi, fatty!' as she ran.	even her doctor told her she was too big to contemplate running 26.2 miles.
queen margrethe is flanked by her sons frederik and joachim as she waves to the crowds.	the danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir, crown prince frederik, his wife crown princess mary, 43, and their four children.
yingying yingying dou, 30, reportedly ran the mymaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 nsw universities.	the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the mymaster website after an investigation by fairfax media.	but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club, on baker street in central london.	charity bite-back, which campaigns to protect sharks, reported the eatery after jason chan, boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth.	charity bite-back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country.
peter mutty, from sydney's inner-west, was caught with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and one box of white wine in his car on august 31 last year while driving home in riyadh.	the 57-year-old was sent to thoqba prison in the al khobar eastern province on october 19 and was released on march 19.	he shared the same cell with two murderers, a rapist and thieves.	but since he walked free, mutty has been unable to leave saudi arabia.
jeff richmond, who is an executive producer and music composer on his wife's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt, described the death of fredric brandt, 65, on sunday as' very sad'.	it came as sources close to brandt said the doctor, who suffered from depression, told people magazine he was' definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the netflix show.	the character in question, dr franff, had a high-pitched laugh, a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag.
dale and debra krein of rogue river filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs.	debarking is a surgical operation that reduces tissue in the vocal chords.	the procedure lowers the volume of a dog's bark.
emily thornberry has come out against david cameron’s pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes.	but eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million.	tories said miss thornberry, who is seeking re-election as conservative mp for crawley.
labour leader harold wilson secretly lobbied the bbc to change the time of popular comedy steptoe and son on the night of the 1964 election because he feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates.	according to new archive footage held by the bbc, mr wilson went to the home of bbc director general sir hugh greene.	mr wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the conservative prime minister alec douglas home.	labour leader thought the planned repeat of the sit-com starring harry h corbett and wilfrid brambell would hit them badly.
iraqi officials said izzat ibrahim al-douri had died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province, north of baghdad.	al-douri, 72, headed the naqshbandi order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of isis.	al-douri was ranked sixth on the us military's list of the 55 most-wanted iraqis after offensive to overthrow saddam and had a $10m bounty on his head.
shocking images capture moment the armed gang surround emmanuel sithole and bludgeon him with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg.	victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself.
wonga has been hit by new rules on payday lending as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters.	wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million, it was announced today - months after the company wrote off the debts of 300,000 customers.	now chairman andy haste says wonga would ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company's reputation.
tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss.	it would use a telescope already mounted on the station to find and target pieces of debris up to 62 miles (100km) away.	powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into earth’s atmosphere.
facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the silver surfers’ to join.	the trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures.	nearly 60 per cent of britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account.
students have fallen out of love with the green party, after a series of faltering media performances by ms bennett.	the proportion of students who dislike her has doubled since september to 24 per cent.	labour has been the main beneficiary, with 35 per cent now saying they will vote for ed miliband.
bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday night when he told the stunned audience that' bobbi is awake.	she's in the exact same condition she was in when she went into the facility'.	she is still on a ventilator.	there have been reports in recent weeks that bobby and his desire to keep his daughter on life.
david cameron to unveil analysis to show labour and snp are' really on thre same side'.	snp backed labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on the economy.
joel burger, 24, and proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend ashley king, paving the way for a burger-king wedding.	the couple from new berlin, illinois, went through high school together but did n't start dating until they were about to part ways for college - ashley to the university of illinois springfield, joel to monmouth.
richie benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer.	the champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title of' the voice of cricket'.	his signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word.
britain is likely to face a second election shortly after may 7 because of a knife-edge outcome.	the likelihood of another coalition lasting five years has been dismissed as miniscule by a leading academic.	mr whiteley predicted a repeat of the disastrous left-wing lib-lib pact of the 1970s.
change4life, which is being run by public health england, has dishes on its website with more sugar than a bowl of frosties.	its apricot bread pudding has slightly more sugar than a snickers bar, which has 27g.
jannik andersen, a student at the university of colorado, was hit by the train in the 45000 block of pacific street in indio, four miles north-east of coachella's grounds.	he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later.	police have launched an investigation into the incident.	it remains unclear why andersen was on the train tracks instead of at the music festival.
kendall and baylee were born with very different skin tones.	miss horton, 28, is white, while mr curtis, 24, is half jamaican.	their father, curtis martin, is half-jamaican, while their mother is white.
a set of wheels broke off the boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport, causing the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop.	it happened as the plane landed its speed was reduced and the co-pilot handed control to the captain, who pressed on the brakes twice to disengage the autobrake system.
italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year.	he will live inside a contained ball (artist's illustration shown), with no means to escape for 12 months.	the capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people.
charlie linville, 29, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month.	their quest to climb everest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 sherpa guides in april when an avalanche swept down.	he was hit by another explosive device and seriously wounded, and two years later, had his right leg amputated below the knee.	he retired from service and has been climbing since with the heroes project.
analysis of what brits were searching for during last night's tv debate.	contest saw labour's ed miliband, snp's nicola sturgeon, green's natalie bennett and plaid cymru's leanne wood.
these are the first incredible pictures inside the melted nuclear reactor at fukushima power plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster.	the photographs were captured as part of the robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors.	nearly 16,000 people lost their lives in the natural disaster and subsequent devastation.
waheed ahmed, the 21-year-old son of councillor shakil ahmed, has been released without charge.	greater manchester police confirmed that six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at birmingham airport, two women and two men aged between 22 and 47.	they were arrested by turkish police within walking distance of the border in the town of reyhanli.
new kansas law tells poor families they ca n't use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts, go swimming, visit theme parks or buy lingerie.	the list of don'ts runs to several dozen items.	more than 20 other states have such lists.
kim kardashian sports a red string bikini on the new limited edition cover of her photo book selfish.	in celebration of the book's phenomenally successful sale, kim took to twitter to thank her fans for their support.
police charged paul johnson-yarosevich of acton, maine, on monday with prohibited use of computer.	the investigation started in december after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact.	police said they determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age.
carlos boente, 33, was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in november 2013.	after getting her number from a cellmate, the prisoner originally asked her to change his facebook password as a favour.	he then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her she was going to die and making threats against her young child.
danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs.	danielle had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby.
oratilwe hlongwane, whose dj name is aj, is still learning to put together words but the toddler is already able to play music from a laptop, making him a worldwide phenomenon.	his capabilities have even earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear him.	his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
labour peer john prescott has defended prince charles over allegations he tries to secretly influence government policy with scrawled private notes to ministers.	former deputy prime minister said he can not see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers and insisted he had' a lot to offer this country'.	lord prescott's intervention comes after the supreme court backed a previous ruling paving the way for the publication of prince charles's' black spider' memos.
michelle keegan has teased fashion fans with some items from her new lipsy range, which will be landing in store on wednesday.	the pint-sized brunette is clearly keen to prove that there's no end to her talents - by designing yet another range for lipsy.	michelle, 27, shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in the new campaign imagery.
me-bai, the old adage that an elephant never forgets appears to be true, based on a touching video showing an asian elephant returning to her mother after years apart.	it is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die, sharing incredibly strong bonds.	they are very rarely separated before the calf is five years of age.
child sex abuse reports have risen by more than 60 per cent in wake of investigations.	among the forces to see the largest rise in reported cases was south yorkshire where there was a 577 per cent increase over the last five years.	it is a growing problem the government should be confronting right now.
caron wyn jones underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend.	he paid because the welsh nhs could not perform the operation soon enough.	he was keen to get it done before a holiday.
angelina santini from san diego, california, filmed her nine-month-old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.	the clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.	after a few gentle rocks, he's soon going at full speed with his arms waving in the air.
workers place carpets over ancient floor designs in the cave under the dome of the rock was simply meant to replace carpet, worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine, which overlooks old jerusalem.	but when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the gold-cased ark of the covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.	the discovery of the cryptic geometric patterns immediately caught the attention of some researchers.
aaron hernandez's fiancée, shayanna jenkins, 25, and her younger sister shaneah in their senior yearbook photo from 2007 at bristol central high school, connecticut.	the two sisters were close until aaron hernandez's murder of odin lloyd left them on opposite sides of a murder trial.	shayanna jenkins, the girlfriend of odin lloyd who hernandez executed with five bullets on june 17, 2013.
patricia ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her black bmw into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples, florida.	ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by collier county sheriff’s deputies.	ebel is facing dui charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
rhodri giggs, 37, lost his job as a hgv driver after being found guilty of driving a mercedes c200 without insurance.	he was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences.	giggs was asked whether he would like to pursue an' exceptional hardship' application in an attempt to retain his licence.	giggs spoke for the first time about his brother ryan's eight-year affair with his then-wife natasha which emerged in 2011.
faith myers, 14, from nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still' high' from the procedure's anesthesia.	footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.	faith confirms with a look of fear on her face.
philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night's hour-long debate between democratic candidates.	the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure.	she sat out the rest of the debate, and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor.
elijah overcomer, 26, left gloriavale, a town of about 500 on new zealand's west coast, with his wife, rosanna, 29, and their children in late march 2013.	shortly following their departure, the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village, by m. night shyamalan.	mr overcomer said the film - where residents of a pretend 19th century town fear the' wicked' outside world was a' good comparison with our community'.
real estate heir robert durst was indicted on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there.	durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the.38-caliber revolver authorities say was found in his hotel room.	durst was arrested early march 15 on the los angeles warrant and arrested separately.
hulk hogan's ex-wife linda has listed her simi valley mansion in california for sale at $5.5million.	the property includes an award-winning swimming pool, complete with fountains, a waterfall and slide.	linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009.
hillary rodham clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families.	two senior advisers said on saturday that hillary clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families.
alex impey is a father-of-two, who says he is selling marijuana to help to those suffering from serious illness.	her parents make no apologies for turning to marijuana to help their daughter cope with her conditions, which include epilepsy.	parents of children with serious illnesses are being taught how to grow their own marijuana crops.
hackers reportedly accessed president obama's non-public schedule.	white house acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office, prompting system shutdowns and security upgrades.	hackers have been able to re-enter the state department computer system, despite efforts to keep them out.
lucy waterlow tested out £130 adidas ultra boost trainers against aldi's budget £19.99 pair ahead of the london marathon next week.	the long distance runners will inspire many to take up running and as the evening gets lighter and the weather gets warmer, it's the perfect time to pull on your trainers and get fit.
director gareth edwards revealed a glimpse of the first star wars spin-off rogue one at the star wars celebration convention in anaheim, california.	at the same time, the iconic franchise's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying:' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans'.
sultan's ruled one of the world's oldest empires, living in a forgotten age of opulence and extravagance in india's immense palace estates.	but when the duke of wellington's forces defeated and killed tipu sultan, the tiger of mysore, in 1799, troops plundered the city and the palace, returning to britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even tipu's grand throne.	this month, a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at london auction house bonhams.
the pair, who are in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the' raucous screams' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in san martino.	the man, who has not been named, was sentenced to four months in prison in 2011, and his fiancée given a noise abatement order.	but the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £7,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere, and £2,000 in legal fees.
ufo researcher scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from nasa's mercury project.	the image was taken as part of project mercury, which was the us' first mission to put men in space.	pareidolia is the response to seeing faces and other significant and items, such as ufo, in random stimulus.
michael buckley, 60, from forest hill, south east london, died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought festive groceries at marks & spencer.	a shopper caused the death of a frail widower by' deliberately ramming' him with her trolley, a court heard yesterday.	mr buckley – who suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st – fell to the floor in the m & s aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist.	but on christmas day his condition worsened after he suffered what doctors believe was a heart attack.
the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling.	the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity.	the court upheld the previous ruling in a 3-0 opinion.
police are investigating the alleged murder of syrian-born imam abdul hadi arwani, who was killed in wembley two weeks ago.	burnell mitchell, the brother of boney m's lead singer, was arrested this week on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and the commission, preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism.
sisters sophie morgan, 21, and sophie, 21, allowed their bank accounts to be used to con an elderly couple out of their £36,000 life savings have avoided jail.	sheree morgan, 25, and younger sister sophie were contacted by a man pretending to be a metropolitan police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an eastern european crime gang who had got hold of their bank account details.	he urged the elderly couple they needed to transfer their money into various accounts' for their own security.
jemma peacock suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is taking three drugs to try to prolong her life.	the third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the nhs around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments.
restaurants serving domestic cats sold as a delicacy known as' baby tiger'.	owner told mailonline demand is so high he'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up.	animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive.
violet pietrok, who lives in portland, oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb.	it is so rare only 100 cases have been reported.	violet's eyes were originally so far apart her vision was like that of a bird of prey's, her mother told the new york times.
no man's land fort, a victorian sea fort in the middle of the solent, is set to open on april 23.	the spectacular fort, one of three guarding the entrance to the solent, has been turned into a luxury haven complete with a rooftop hot tub, shops and even its own nightclub.	guests can hit up the shops, restaurants, luxury spa, rooftop bar and firepit, cabaret bar, nightclub or lazer battle arena.
researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low.	when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013.	but marking a shift in the trend, for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
parents are getting into debt by letting adult children live at home for longer.	debt organisations have warned parents should not be afraid to ask children for rent and money towards household bills amid fears the british ‘ stiff upper lip’ makes them reluctant to admit when they need help.
t-shirts in question are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle, look human and north shore shirts.	t-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women, and play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help to deal with stalkers.
the whales, which are in fact a species of dolphin, were found washed up along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the pacific coast of hokato, around 60 miles (100km) north of tokyo.	the fears appeared to be based on the appearance of 50 melon-headed whales six days before the devastating undersea earthquake in 2011 that caused a tsunami and left 19,000 people dead.
city code enforcement officials in ogden, utah, have told resident jeremy trentelman to take down the elaborate box fort he built for his son and daughter in his front yard.	the family said it will leave the box fort which includes a slide and trampoline, up for 14 days, the maximum allowed before a fine.	trentelman was only planning on leaving the fort in his yard for a few days, but now has decided to leave it up for the maximum two weeks before he receives a $125 fine.
britney e. montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in orlando, florida, early saturday after getting involved in a fight.	the incident occurred at east pine street and south court avenue around 2.40 am.	britney e. montenegro was arrested covered in blood, however police say it was not her own.
the average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin, feeding an army of dust mites into our couches and beds.	dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in australian homes and may be the reason why you have a runny nose or watery eyes.
tony degrafreed, of indianapolis, allegedly beat to death wife rebecca degrafreed, 47, at their home on july 20, 2014.	degrafreed, of indianapolis, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca, 47, at their home in july 2014.	witnesses in the home reported that they heard a banging noise from the bedroom where the victim was found.	rebecca degrafreed, of indianapolis, has been charged with murder, two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun.
ed miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election.	he will insist a labour government would ‘ cut the deficit every year’ and have national debt falling ‘ as soon as possible’, though he will not set a date.	labour’s manifesto, published last night, contains a commitment on its first page to a ‘ budget responsibility lock’.
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide.	the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation.	serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor.	they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane.
martina levato and alexander boettcher planned to throw' corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed.	the 23-year-old, who was reportedly a student at milan's private bocconi university, also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in may 2014, prosecutors alleged.
gavin munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds, pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints.	he's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in derbyshire where he hopes to harvest next year.
king john sealed the magna carta to establish the rule of law.	but just a few hundred yards from the famous setting at runnymede in surrey.	anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town.
hundreds of staff at the royal courts of justice and london evacuated today.	terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1 costing local firms an estimated £40million.
morbidly obese rochelle coulson claims £18,000 in benefits because she suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity.	she says she would be a' comfort blanket' and that people should' get themselves in shape' to work.
michelle woods was told by her daughter elisha mann that' something was moving' in the bath.	when the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile.	the four-foot red and orange corn snake, which michelle woods discovered slithering around in the bathroom of her new home.
lisa is the author of canadian expat mom.	when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots using'grown-up knives and eating everything put in front of them.
female stars including nancy dell'olio, josie gibson, jamelia and susanna reid have all stepped up to the plate for good morning britain's initiative.	women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four, such is the pressure to look their very best on social media.
gianni van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of his on-and-off girlfriend norma esparza.	van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend's employee who carried out the killing.
unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal, trying to make it to safety behind a set of iron bars when the angry animal sent him sprawling to the floor.	the man, who has not been identified, was seen running away from the angry animal before it caught him with one horn as he tried to scramble away.	the unfortunate incident happened on the street in teulada, a small coastal town on spain's costa blanca.
national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families which revealed four in five families use technology to deal with bored children.	medical community claim the sedative phenergan should not be used on children younger than two years old.
volvo is known for making cars packed with safety features.	it contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights.	some of these are now on sale on ebay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
the fregoe family took a small ball of ice from the snowman to store in the freezer until this weekend.	but the frosty melted this weekend when 70-degree temperatures hit the area.	one family on new york's long island tried to keep this snowman alive for as long as possible, but the snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into march.
gwyneth's threads are from a few seasons back, so it's no longer available in stores.	the silken topper is great for an evening out and can be paired with cigarette trousers and strappy sandals for an elegant take on the menswear trend.
sadie and a black and white springer spaniel called marshall – a husky called sky, a brown and white springer spaniel called sadie and a black and white springer spaniel called sky.	the springer spaniel then begins barking some more and suddenly the husky joins it, but instead produces a far more pleasant sounding howl.
marion' suge' knight will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges.	the former rap mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january, killing one and seriously injuring the other.	the judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million.	prosecutors played sloan's statement to police, which offered a lucid, detailed account of the events on january 29 that led up to the deadly encounter.
university of manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map of mysterious dark matter has been produced.	it is the first in a series of maps of the cosmos that will eventually allow a 3d view of dark matter across one eighth of the night sky.	the map was created using data captured by the dark energy camera, a 570-megapixel imaging device that is the primary instrument for the dark energy survey.
rich kids of instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world's most beautiful locations, exclusive beach-side restaurants and star-studded parties.	mailonline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in miami, new york, marbella and monaco to name but a few cities before indulging in their stratospheric nightlife during spring break.
alaska airlines flight 448 took off on monday, the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft.	airline said in a news release the captain immediately returned to seattle-tacoma international and declared an emergency for priority landing.
the international monetary fund predicts the uk economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016, beaten only by the united states.	britain is on course to be the second fastest growing major economy in the world.
george osborne and labour deputy leader harriet harman appearing on bbc1's the andrew marr show.	mr osborne said it would come from the conservatives’ ‘ balanced plan’ for the economy, but declined to go into further detail.	new rules would end welfare tourism and make the uk less attractive to eastern european migrants.
co-authors of pete evans' controversial infant cookbook have spoken out in defence of the chef's decision to independently release the book despite being dumped by publishers.	the cookbook, which was supposed to be released last month was delayed before being cancelled completely by pan macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth.
craig stoner, darren smalley, joshua finbow, 23, and simon radford, 31, were each charged with one count of sexual assault in connection with the alleged incident at a military base in shearwater, nova scotia.	the alleged attack is said to have taken place during a party at the military barracks where canada's atlantic fleet are based.	the sailors, who are being held, are due to return to court on monday.
david atherton, 65, went to put his meal in the oven when he discovered a three-foot california king snake hiding inside.	rspca officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist since.	atherton's sister margaret - who has a phobia of snakes - became severely distressed when she heard about the incident and needed to go to hospital with heart problems.
sharmeena begum, 15, was raised by her uncle shamim miah, a devout muslim and former religious scholar.	he blames the airport authorities, police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december, flying from gatwick to turkey before crossing the border to syria.	controversially, he has turned for advice to cage, the hardline human rights group whose leaders have said is executioner jihadi john is a ‘ beautiful young man’.
judy murray, 55, has to get the french open and wimbledon out of the way first.	he also said she would be a ‘ very active granny’ and in the same way she coached her sons, she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis.	she told closer magazine: ‘i’m really looking forward to being a granny.
met office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures could rise as high as 25c (77f) by wednesday.	met office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for april, may and june of this year in its long-range forecast.	but winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north wales today.
the replica of an 18th century french navy frigate l'hermione set sail on its maiden voyage to the united states off the coast of fouras, southwestern france.	the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river charente on saturday to the military shipyards of rochefort, where both vessels were built.	french president francois hollande paid a brief visit to the warship, which was due to set sail later in the day.
adventure photographer joe greer has made a second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the pacific northwest.	the actress' social network reads more like a top travel blog than a diary of a hollywood starlet.	julie falconer's account, a lady in london, showcases the best of the english capital.
arsenal fans singing a homophobic chant about ashley cole.	the video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the green man pub in wembley.	the video was apparently filmed by a supporter ahead of arsenal's fa cup semi-final win over reading.
tasmania police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on sunday.	police said they were' prepared to provide an appropriate response'.	the message also proclaimed that the website had been' hacked by team system dz'.
paula mckay was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage.	when she became pregnant with her second child, less than two years later.	she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated.
scientists have unraveled how octopuses manage to keep track of all of their flailing limbs as they crawl over objects.	the video above, recorded by researchers at the hebrew university of jerusalem, shows how that despite its body orientation the octopus can crawl in any direction (blue arrow) thanks to its flexible arms.
boko haram militants have disguised themselves as preachers in order to carry out a savage gun massacre in northern nigeria that left at least 24 people dead.	the attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by boko haram in kwajafa in borno state.	the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families.
older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep.	if the brain is tired, it affects the memory even for those without dementia.	if this does n't happen, short-term memories get overwritten with new ones.
the body parts of becky watts, 16, were found at house in bristol on march 2.	police charged her stepbrother, nathan matthews, 28, with murder.	ms watts described her daughter as a' caring, normal, normal, happy girl'.
mangu ram was 14 when he fled to kashmir as a refugee - now an old man, for the past 70 years he has been denied citizenship rights.	it is almost 70 years since he fled the violence that followed the partition of india, and he is still regarded as a second class citizen in indian kashmir.
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013.	he was born in melbourne, australia, but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him.	harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a' miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman.
niamh geaney, 26, and karen branigan, 29, are n't the only pair to have found their real-life doppelgängers, either by mistake or after a social media hunt.	but unlikely as it may seem, niamh geaney, 26, moved to braintree and was surprised to greeted with waves and' hello john' greetings wherever he went.
nick fisher, 31, from leintwardine, shropshire, said his bedlington lurcher twiglet was left behaving strangely after accidentally eating a stash of drugs he found at a village bus stop.	the four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs near the village bus stop.	but after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls twiglet seemed back to normal following his' trip'.
alex gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits.	but it was n't until an obese friend' unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life.	' there are a lot of platitudes about weight,' he wrote in an essay for salon.
lib dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art when he was at school.	he will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise to balance the nation's books' fairly'.
blair shared a stage with musician steve brookstein, who won the first x factor ten years ago but whose career sank even faster than blair’s popularity.	galloway is fighting to retain bradford west for the respect party.	he said: ‘ blair dripping with blood, pockets stuffed with gold beyond dreams of avarice'.
cui hongfang, from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old canadian woman.	police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese woman’s death.
sixteen-year-old elise, from eaton bray, bedfordshire, was in a pitiful state.	his rescuers called him rupert: a teddy bear name for a teddy bear temperament.	but it seems heartless beyond belief that anyone could leave such a vulnerable creature to die.
naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up believing she was 15 years old.	she had been struck with transient global amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the' episodic' part of her memory.	mobile phones were still the size of a house brick, the internet a mystery - and her 10-year-old son was a stranger.
philippine president benigno aquino is set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities.	the philippines voiced alarm about chinese' aggressiveness' in the area as it launched giant war games with the united states involving 11,500 personnel that were partly aimed at warning china.
sarah's ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test.	the 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed phil, who appeared with her on the itv show, was not in fact her real father.	phil, who has raised sarah, was equally upset to learn he is not her biological parent as she appeared on today's jeremy kyle show.
the actor's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave, eau sauvage, which contained a potent chemical known as hedione.	now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women.
the novelist, who died in 2014 aged 90, amassed a spectacular collection of greek, egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime.	auctioneers saying they expect the exquisite pieces to fetch up to £20,000.	now the collection is to go under the hammer at bonhams auction house in london.
gopro director nick woodman is set to be named america's highest-paid ceo of 2014 at the tender age of 39.	the camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $284.5 million.	it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index.	slumping to second place, chenerie energy's houston-based chief executive charif souki was valued at $281 million.
two adults and four children were pictured riding on the same motorbike in san miguel de tucuman, argentina.	they were spotted driving through the city of san miguel de tucuman in argentina's north-western province of tucuman.	a man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him.
justin d. smith, 18, and 20-year-old efrain diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of jonathan krueger.	the men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young ohio native in the early morning hours friday.	smith is also charged with tampering with evidence, reports the lexington herald-leader.	he was photo editor for the uk campus newspaper, the kentucky kernel.
a spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost.	this photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture, japan -' nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year.	there is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is.
melanie and vanessa iris roy decided to start a famiy and each carried a child.	they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son jax, was born followed by their daughter ero, a year later.	the couple then uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
indiana pizzeria that closed after its owner said his religious beliefs would n't allow him to cater a gay wedding opened thursday to a full house of friends, regulars and people wanting to show their support.	' it's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said kevin o'connor, owner of memories pizza.	o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law.
barcelona-based booking platform byhours allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours, and it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board.	the company's objective is to acquire more hotels in london during the next few months, and then start to work in other cities such as berlin and paris.
john helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay.	the 62-year-old had all of his personal identification stolen - so struggled to apply for a place at a homeless shelter.	but when a cop and his case manger looked into his past, and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver's licence.
philip cattan, 65, from cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of john quingley at manchester crown court last summer.	the part-time judge, recorder philip cattan, 65, from cheshire was seen to fall asleep while a child abuse victim gave evidence and caused the trial to collapse has been reprimanded by his bosses.	the incident was witnessed by the family of the victim in the trial of john quigley, which was expected to last five days.
author alice dreger took to twitter to express her horror at what she heard at east lansing high school, in michigan, when she sat in on a lesson earlier this week.	ms dreger, a respected professor, began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson - which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex.
michelle knight, who was held captive by ariel castro for more than a decade, spoke wednesday at the cleveland rape crisis center's faces of change luncheon on wednesday.	she was chained inside cleveland's' house of horrors' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped, imprisoned and abused by ariel castro.	but michelle knight, who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center's faces of change luncheon on wednesday, refuses to be considered a victim.
the kardashians are a strong example of a large celebrity family where the siblings share very different personality traits.	the pair discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only only child affects us.
a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared in central china last friday.	the password must be' moguiyun' (mandarin for devil's cloud) while lanting_spring added' that's god's router!' god's router? chinese internet users have since shared and commented on shi's photo thousands of times on chinese social media.
the kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in a vicious scrap.	despite the owl's cuddly reputation, it came out the victor, forcing the kestrel to seek an alternative home for itself and its mate.
pregnant women who suffer extreme morning sickness are at greater risk of their children having language and speech delays, warn researchers.	about 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by the debilitating hyperemesis gravidarum (hg) - a severe form of morning sickness which causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration.	many are denied vital yet relatively cheap treatment by gps who expect them to simply ‘ get on with it’ or end their pregnancy.
kyli wilfson, a self-confessed ‘ food person’, was 26 when she woke up in excruciating pain in october 2012 ; her illness left her unable to eat for a year and a half.	within months she had dropped to a startling 80lbs, and had to postpone her wedding as she spent more time in hospitals.
asabi barner, 37, is suing black ink tattoo parlor in harlem, new york for a chest tattoo that left her scarred.	barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on vh1.
veronica ‘roni’ gonzalez and fiance ely alba gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble.	of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds, tarrant county medical examiner has confirmed.	veronica and ely’s sister, who has not been identified, were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles.
jason archinaco's wife said she wanted to get a fourth cat, it is unlikely that this is quite the addition to the household she imagined.	the cougar, known as p-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space at midday on monday.
ukip leader nigel farage sparked a row last year when he hailed russian president as a ‘ brilliant operator'.	ukip leader nigel farage caused controversy in march 2014 after he admitted he admired putin as a ‘ brilliant operator’ for his stance on the syrian conflict.	mrs james was the ukip candidate in the eastleigh by-election and currently represents the south east of england.
men in u.s. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs, according to interviews.	studies that surveyed personnel found' major misconceptions' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs.	they also revealed concerns that department leaders would' capitulate to political pressure, allowing erosion of training standards'.
filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests.	filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forest.
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors.	the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world.	the origin of the photos is not known.
rio's waste management company said it has cleared more than 37 tons of fish.	over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of rodrigo de freitas lake, but there is still an overwhelming stench, sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by.	there is an overwhelming stench coming from the lake and authorities and biologists have argued about about the cause.
flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other drugs and substances like marijuana.	flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell, wpbf 25 news reported.
young people in iran are defying the country's hardline islamic image to create a more westernised society.	some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes.	something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of' death to america'.
andrés iniesta listed his beautiful spanish vineyard on airbnb.	he owns in castilla-la mancha can be rented out.	spain and barcelona midfielder andrés iniesta is renting out his vineyard.	guests will also be advised of the surrounding area so they can explore for themselves.
dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window at a shop on the outskirts of tokyo.	visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack, pat him on the head or pose for a selfie with him.	one of the videos featuring shiba's customer service skills has more than two million views on youtube.
michelle keegan has launched a stellar career since leaving the cobbled streets of weatherfield behind.	she's managed to fit designing a new fashion range for lipsy into her hectic schedule.	shows off her summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals to perfection.
maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.	but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence.	the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences.
rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67p churyumov-gerasimenko.	the jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material.	but it is unusual, because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night, like this.
four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps.	footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
the signs feature portraits of clinton with phrases including' dont say secretive',' do n't say entitled' and' do n't say ambitious'.	the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician, according to the weekly standard.
archie brown jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in milwaukee, wisconsin sunday evening.	police say the driver of a van who struck and killed a 2-year-old has been shot dead at the scene.	a 15-year-old boy was also shot and later died - though it's not clear what his connection to the incident was.
reddit thread is testing its users resolve to do just this by placing a clickable button next to a 60-second timer.	when the button is clicked, the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it.	more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool's day.
retired lt col richard' dick' cole gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the national museum of the us air force on saturday, 73 years to the day after their daring bombing attack on japan rallied americans in world war ii.	the medal, which was awarded by congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial b-25 flight.	cole, a dayton native, was mission leader and james' jimmy' doolittle's co-pilot for the b-25 bombers' attack that stunned japan and lifted american spirits less than five months after the attack on pearl harbor.
david potchen, 53, robbed a bank in merrillville, indiana, last june.	the man, who was originally sentenced for a 2000 bank robbery, had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release.	he was on probation in june and served 286 more days before he told judge clarence murray that he would plead guilty only if he got the maximum eight years for the recent theft.	potchen had decided he needed to go back to prison after stealing roughly $1,000 with a bank robbery note on the back of his resume.
helen flanagan, 24, looked uncharacteristically demure as she stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a slinky clinging dress, red lips and heels.	some pregnant women will choose comfort over style, realising that it's a time when their bodies are changing drastically.
robert charles bates, 73, shot and killed eric harris as the younger man was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store.	harris, 44, was being restrained by one of the undercover police officers when bates, who was monitoring from afar, ran up' trying to get the situation under control'.	bates, who has been a reserve since 2008, is the chief executive of robert c bates llc, a tulsa-based insurance company, who worked as an officer assigned to the violent crimes task force.
david king, a 70-year-old pensioner from newham, east london, retired to normandy 15 years ago.	his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the hamlet of pierres, south-west of caen, east london.	the alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area.
footage has emerged of a drunken group of yobs on board a jet2 flight.	witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff.	all passengers on the jet2 flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway.	mobile phone footage of the incident shows a female passenger arguing and grappling with a group of men in the aisle.
dale cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital.	the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester, formerly strangeways, a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell.	but in a desperate attempt to get himself moved cregan, who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012, has apparently stopped eating.
anna broom has not worked since the age of 19, during which time she has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits.	the jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream' traditional english wedding and party in a castle'.	miss broom is desperate for a church ceremony, designer dress, horse and carriage.
zane jones, a 32-year-old search and rescue crewman, have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old.	the dogs use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of queensland, australia.	zane and his partner, caitlin ollier, 26, have owned the dogs, who both began surfing when they were just 10 weeks old, since they were puppies.
cyclist is pedaling in front of his friend past a junction.	the truck overtook him on the st petersburg ring road.	bazarov was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the baltic star club.
paul o'grady's show' for the love of dogs' is an absolute television favourite of pets.	owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals and even leave it on when they are out to keep them company.	the nation's cats, dogs and pigs show a marked preference for programmes featuring other animals.
james may has been forced to backtrack for suggesting top gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to sue perkins should' kill themselves'.	perkins, who became a favourite to replace the ousted jeremy clarkson after a flurry of bets, recently announced she was leaving twitter as a result of the horrific abuse.
finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription.	by two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese.
the 13th century castle in the dordogne, france has just been placed on the market for £703,400.	the castle is in gignic, near the town of brives la gaillarde.	it features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land.
doug hughes was put under arrest for his gyro-copter stunt.	homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg, pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol.	reacting to the latest embarrassing security lapse at the white house and capitol, johnson pleaded for calm and resisted calls for sweeping changes.	hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics.
pupils at jianxin primary school, in china's eastern zhejiang province, are put through their paces by instructors every day after school to help them lose weight.	the kung fu panda classes were set up after a survey showed that 5 per cent of its 858 students were obese.	teachers set up the lessons after a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school's 800 pupils were obese.
prince william faces a two-hour hospital dash to be at his wife's side when she goes into labour.	the future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary paye employee when he became a pilot for east anglian air ambulance.
the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.	investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled' healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium.
intruder was arrested after climbing into grounds of president's home at 10.25pm.	package was examined and' deemed to be harmless', according to a report by cnn.	brian leary of the united states secret service - the federal agency in charge of protecting the president - said the unnamed person was in custody in washington dc and charges were pending.
moderator of the subreddit, chris ryves, has told of his regrets about the subreddit - which he set up after the boston marathon bombings - in a new documentary.	their claims - based on the analysis of photos and videos of the marathon - even led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi, a brown university student who was missing, being wrongly identified as the bomber.
labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved – saying these facts were not what voters were talking about.	mr miliband replied:' i do n't think that's a judgment that people are going to make at the election.	mr davis brought up the subject of mr balls' comment four years ago that it was' fantasy' to think britain would get job growth with all the cuts being made in the public sector.
jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc so the top gear live shows can go ahead' in good spirit'.	the bbc decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the bbc so the top gear brand would be brought into disrepute.	but he has agreed to keep quiet on his sacking so the shows can go ahead.	clarkson, 54, is said to be' champing at the bit' to get back on stage.
asif malik, 31, his partner sara kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on cctv boarding a cross-channel ferry from dover earlier this month.	thames valley police believed they arrived in calais, france, before travelling south down through europe in a bid to flee to syria.
bmw mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers in the car.	it calls them a ‘ revolutionary display concept offering enhanced comfort and safety’.	goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads.
neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination of custard, jam and meat immortalised in popular tv show friends.	it features sponge, jam, custard, beef sautéed with peas and onions, a little more custard, bananas and some whipped cream.	now one brave mancunian has whipped up their own version of the unusual concoction - replacing the beef with the far more traditional lamb.
patrick and valerie jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property.	it is now on the brink of being torn down.	patrick, a former engineer from london, and his 63-year-old wife, valerie, bought the bed and breakfast, la vina de linan, closed it a year ago as they moved forward with plans to sell it.
robert f kennedy jr spoke at a documentary screening in sacramento, california on tuesday.	the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children.	kennedy said that the documentary helped convince lawmakers in oregon stop a similar measure in that state.
us ambassador to south korea mark lippert looks on as us defence secretary ashton carter (r) shakes hands with 7th air force commander lt. gen. curtis scaparrotti.	lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a south korean man with a history of erratic behaviour at a breakfast forum in central seoul that left a gash that required 80 stitches.	he also suffered injuries to his arm.
kym ackerman saw the son of god in an x-ray of her left-side molars.	she went for a dental check-up in flagstaff, arizona.	ackerman, 32, plans to frame the x-ray and keep the special molar, healthy.	she's also planning on framing the x-ray.
warning comes as latest figures show hospital admissions for allergies increased by 8 per cent between 2013 and 2014.	around 21million britons have some kind of allergy, ranging from hayfever to reactions to food, medication and wasp stings.
tom moffatt, 27, from ashton-under-lyne in tameside, greater manchester, was meant to ink' riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm - but accidentally spelled it incorrectly.	but instead of the letter' l', mr moffatt started needling' p' and had to urgently' scribble' over the mistake.	he also attempted to mark himself with riley's nickname' sonny boy' - but ended up scratching' sony boy' across his knuckles instead.
spain's queen letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in barcelona.	the 42-year-old was clearly dresses for spring for her visit to the science museum, cosmocaixa.	she kept her accessories neutral, opting for a pair of patent nude platform heels and a purse woven from fabric of varying nude shades.
a kidnapping in south carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor, demetric nelson, could n't operate a manual stick shift in the victim's car.	deputies said nelson broke into a river birch drive home where the victim lives and told her to give him a ride to a manning avenue home.	nelson allegedly broke into a river birch drive home and told the woman to take him to a manning avenue home, where he then told her to get into the trunk of the car.
hamdi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry.	his american-born ex, dr. ayse giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.	the settlement came just before manhattan supreme court justice saliann scarpulla was due to rule on whether giray could retroactively be named a shareholder in chobani's predecessor company, a feta cheese operation called euphrates.
lian marshall has two chocolate-loving daughters, this incredible bounty is not for them.	instead the eggs will be donated to sheffield children's hospital.	once the family, from furness vale, derbyshire, posted on facebook, kind strangers began to send eggs.
sally jones, 45, once played in a female punk band, ran away from her home in chatham, kent, to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in raqqa, syria.	a video has now emerged which appears to show the mother-of-two leading members of the al-khanssaa brigade - the all-women contingent set up by isis - in a series of chants expressing the fighters' commitment to jihad.	experts say the slicky-edited video is the first' real evidence' which shows jones is involved with the brigade at a' high level'.
mitzi neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a philadelphia man after turning to the national kidney registry's paired exchange program.	she received a kidney because her husband bill gave his kidney to a patient in need.	when she received the kidney march 26, the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from san diego to boston.
the world's third-largest joint ship, owned by royal caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer.	the world's third-largest joint ship has a bar operated entirely by robots that mix cocktails using precise ingredients.	passengers with a head for heights will also be able to take part in circus skills training activities.
alaa abdullah esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,000 tweets supporting isis.	her tweets also included a poem' mother of the martyr' which advises parents how to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn jihad.	esayed pleaded guilty at the old bailey to encouraging terrorism under the terrorism act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications.
the blob in the ocean was discovered last year, with temperatures one to four degrees celsius (two to seven degrees fahrenheit) above surrounding ‘normal’ water.	the blob has now extended about 1,000 miles (1,600km) offshore, from mexico up to alaska, and could herald a warmer summer for some regions.
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy.	he told jurors tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.	kushner had passed a background check when he was arrested again in 2011 and sentenced to four years of probation.
terrorist group al qaida seized control of a major airport, sea port and oil terminal in southern yemen today, consolidating its hold on the country's largest province.	it came amid wider chaos pitting shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a saudi-led air campaign.	al qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of yemen's largest brigades outside mukalla, a city the militants overran earlier this month.
manuel delisle, the man accused of road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday.	karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children.	after the video was posted at 7pm on sunday night to facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views.
andre cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year.	he declined to order a last meal and received the day's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich, a cookie and fruit punch.	cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on tuesday at the eastern reception, diagnostic and correctional center in bonne terre.
chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year.	some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed.	red cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in china, even though the country has the second highest rate of transplants.
new zealand photographer amos chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone.	since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world.	mr chapple visited india with his drone to take this stunning picture of the taj mahal.
david king, 70, and originally from east london, had been missing for six months.	he retired there from his job as an engineer in britain some 15 years ago.	on october 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home.
winnie harlow, 19, suffers from the same rare skin condition as michael jackson.	the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at siren studios in hollywood, california, on tuesday night.	winnie, who was unveiled as one of the newest faces of fashion label diesel earlier this year, was wearing a short and simple black dress.
jon stewart has revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign.	stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch fox news.	stewart also confessed that his' moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent.
riley hughes died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough.	his parents catherine and greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
doctor john parker was taken to westmead hospital in sydney's west for treatment about midday on saturday.	he had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness.	nsw health can confirm tests undertaken today by westmead hospital's emerging infections and biohazard response unit laboratory have returned negative for ebola virus.
nigel farage held out an olive branch to david cameron as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government.	ukip leader called on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they can not win in order to help keep the tory leader as prime minister.	mr farage believes he has already held informal discussions with tories about potential post-election arrangements.
becky handley, 20, discovered her father, raymond handley's grisly crimes against a child in a local newspaper article.	he was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at birmingham crown court after details of the repeated assaults emerged.	now his daughter has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll.
singer is one of h a growing number of celebrities who are deciding to ditch their underwear.	she was most likely paying a nod to the latest trend - ditching the bra.	but in 2015 she is one of a number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their underwear.
goose narrowly avoids a snapping fox’s jaw after the sly animal had given an almighty leap in a bid to take down the large bird.	the action-packed photographs were captured by roger byng, 67, on the wetlands surrounding the severn estuary in slimbridge, gloucester.	the fox leaps but his jaws snap shut a fraction too late to bring down the bird.
nathan priestley, 21, from norwich, norfolk, was once dubbed ‘ jabba the hutt’ by bullies and became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year.	he was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived, because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame.
kentucky judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years' probation after he criticized a couple's victim impact statements.	police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple.	in victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and jordan wrote that her daughter was still' in constant fear of black men'.
researchers found that heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical health.	the study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure.	heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health.
hillary rodham clinton took aim at republicans on monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation.	clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest.	she also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party, offering a dark assessment of a' stalled out' u.s. recovery.
palaeontologists say the four feet (1.2 metres) tall bird is the most complete skeletons of a' terror bird'.	it was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae.	they say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
microsoft has launched a recruitment drive for people with autism.	the pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome.	if successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide.	microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialisterne.
team behind a new app clearly feel that the tiny rendition of a rumba blaring from your mobile is not enough to drag you from beneath the covers.	instead they have developed an alarm that will only turn off if you physically get out of bed and scan a bar code in another part of your house.	the app uses a quick response code, or qr code, which is a form of barcode that the cameras of mobile phones are able to detect.
harold henthorn wants to use a $1.5million life insurance pay out from a policy taken out on his second wife to pay for the defense in his trial for her murder.	henthorn was charged with the murder of toni bertolet, 51, last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, lynn rishell, some 20 years earlier.	both women died in' freak accidents' to which henthorn, 59, was the sole witness.
three more political parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools.	charities last night welcomed the move to create a new generation of lifesavers.	it means the conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge.
uno, a full-grown dalmatian, is shown snuggling with uno, a three-week old kitten.	the clip begins with one of the pogue family, who recently adopted uno, tentatively holding him before the two pets are introduced.	louie turns his head and nuzzle his new companion lovingly.
william smith wanted to remind himself of his mother alison overton, following her death from leukaemia.	the teenager from grimsby wore his mother's favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume to remind himself of her after she died.	williamsmith died four months after his mother alison overton lost her battle with cancer.
vigilante group has taken to the streets of brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women.	over 120,000 people signed the petition to remove the offensive slogans in 2014.	members of the wicked pickets protest group have started painting over slogans which they say are offensive.	wicked camper's ceo john webb apologised for the offense the vans had caused many members of the community.
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon, arizona on february 19.	the stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun.	police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued valencia, but just seconds later he began firing into the air according to cnn.
patsy kensit says the duchess of cambridge would be her' regal inspiration'.	miss kensit, 47, appeared in the magazine's regular' queen of everything' feature and said the duchess is' our generation's suffragette'.
official figures show there has been a stark 14 per cent increase in the number of men opting to work part-time in the last two years.	this compares to a 4 per cent rise in women choosing part-time work over the same period.	there are now 1.02million men in the uk who have opted to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare.
john potter, from savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog.	he then passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene competed in the crunch match dubbed' le choc' at demba diop stadium in the capital of dakar.	after a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly sene emerged victorious.	this form of wrestling - which involves strikes - is only practised in senegal and has boomed in popularity.
new study highlights the areas in washington, oregon and california that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground in the case of the next natural disaster.	it calculated that 94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states.	also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a' significant customer presence'.
the countess of wessex and princess beatrice were not exactly fly-away style winners with their feathered hats as they joined the queen at windsor for an easter sunday service.	sophie, 50, wife of prince edward, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes, while beatrice, 26, the elder daughter, made up the four royal ladies.
lord janner's alleged victims could sue him for £2.5million after being denied justice for the fourth time in 25 years when the cps refused to prosecute him.	police have identified 25 people who claim the labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to £100,000.
qantas has slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport.	australian airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine, that's more than au $38,000, for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac.
bryan morseman, 29, from bath, new york, started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14.	he ran the tobacco road marathon in cary, north carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to new york.	leeim was born with spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby's spine does n't form properly.
former prime minister says he is' absolutely not' in' the league of the super-rich'.	mr blair said:' am i better off than most people? yeah, i'm very lucky.	am i in the league of the super-rich?'
father has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor.	charged with administering a dangerous form of cancer called neuroblastoma.	despite his claims that it improved her condition, the father said.	now he has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws.
shae-lee shackleford, 28, lana kington, 25, madison lloyd, 27, are quickly capitalising on their success, booking appearances on the ellen show and good morning america this week.	their original video,' bohemian carsody' and the follow-up,' mime through time,' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views.
the obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities.	the largest was a $22,012 donation to the fisher house foundation, which supports military families.
melissa borg has been missing from her baulkham hills home since last thursday.	her parents are extremely concerned at her out of character actions.	melissa's family and friends have taken to their facebook pages to share a photo of the teenager in her school uniform.
alexandra harra, 28, has a ba degree in creative writing and classics.	she works as a professional life coach, a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens' guide to relationships.	but when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the romanian playboy, she found it was n't her university education that people were interested in.
neuroscientists have identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic.	they found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain - are unable to detect sarcasm.
marine le pen has accused her father of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a raft of controversial comments.	tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a' detail of history'.	ms le pen has tried to rid the anti-immigrant party of its anti-semitic image and widen its voter appeal as she readies a bid for the french presidency in 2017.
ted loveday has powered gonville and caius college, cambridge.	mr loveday revealed after his team's triumph that they had revised for the programme by watching youtube videos and researching possible questions on wikipedia.	gonville and caius won the university challenge title by amassing 225 points against magdalen in the final.
eyeko london's bespoke mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes.	the mascaras, containing natural ingredients like conditioning shea butter and hydrating keratin, are created on site and then wrapped in monogrammed packaging to complete the personalised theme.
soaring popularity of home coffee machines has led to a increasing amount of waste generated by caffeine lovers.	designer eason chow believes his innovative new product could be the solution - and found inspiration from the sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines.	it involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever.
ricky gervais posted a picture of an extreme huntress winner lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling.	the comedian was outraged when he came across the picture of american grandmother-of-nine rebecca francis, who won the reality tv show extreme huntress in 2010.
jane laut was arrested and charged in 2009 (left) for the murder of her husband david laut.	the charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on friday in a ventura county courtroom.	laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs.	her attorney ron bamieh called the prosecution's unprofessional' and' pretty much unprecedented' in a murder case.
president barack obama would be willing to meet congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with iran if a senate committee axed key portions of the bill during a formal review this afternoon.	senators later voted 19-0 to give congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran that the white house earlier implied may have been on the chopping block.	it now goes to the full senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
airbus a321 from baku, azerbaijan to london was forced to return back to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20pm local time departure on friday evening.	there were three diversions in just over 24 hours of ba planes over the weekend.	there were reports at the time that the pilot had alerted ground staff of an engine fire.
candice-marie fox claims she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011.	she initially had surgery to remove tumours from her neck that september.	but when a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body.
prince harry's new ambassador unveiled as mulberry's new ambassador.	shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by the british fashion giant.	follows the release of a short film last month for the fashion house.
the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson, missouri on saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last august.	it was called' a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association, which donated the tree.	but by sunday morning, the tree had been ripped down, leaving just a shard of the trunk.	the metal dedication plaque at the base of the tree had also been removed.
claire nugent, 43, and nigel morter, 47, have been married for 14 years.	they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b & b.	when nigel and i met as students in 1993 we discovered we both absolutely loved the 1940s.
millie-belle diamond, the proud owner of louis vuitton and chanel purses and pint-sized burberry jackets, has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online.	the toddler from sydney's northern beaches is seen dressed in a pink tutu and top sent to her by the kardashian family clothing line kardashian kids.
andrea catherwood got to stay at the iconic hotel arts, a modern masterpiece of the city.	no other city in the world has as many buildings on the unesco world heritage list.	the city of contrasting art and architecture with a handy beach alongside it.
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses.	footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
david zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was revealed on friday.	it was revealed that zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $156.1million last year.	thanks to the success of television events like shark week, shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like own.
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home.	but when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing.
nikki kelly, from bridport, dorset, started to feel cramps in her stomach.	but when she made a dash for the bathroom, the 24-year-old was shocked to find she was in fact going into the early stages of labour, and gave birth to her son james, now three months, in' three pushes' on the bathroom floor.
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island, new york, in october 2012.	but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together.	the 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss, whose home in brooklyn, new york, was also destroyed.
a coast guard cutter arrived in san diego on thursday with more than 14 tons of cocaine.	it included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.	u.s. authorities have called it the most successful run for drug seizures in the area since 2009.
candy crush saga is a popular game that involves swiping rows of brightly coloured sweets in order to line up three matching ones and earn points.	it has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012.	candy crush saga has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012.
adriana giogiosa, 55, was reported missing after her brother could not contact her at the house in majadahonda, a suburb of madrid, where she had been staying for the last two or three months.	landlord of the house, a 32-year-old spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested.
sevdet besim, from hallam in melbourne's south-east, was charged with' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the melbourne magistrates court on saturday afternoon.	it comes as a friend of the teenagers who are believed to the planned attack in melbourne revealed the moment the two young men' became radicalised'.	the man, who has not been identified, claims the death of numan haider was the moment' we all became more radical'.
marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares.	she claims she entered the lift on st kilda road in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9, the herald sun reports.	the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a' loss of libido',' sexual discomfort and impairment'.
geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of urumqi, in xinjiang uyghur china.	the heat blasting from the' ring of fire' has been measured at 792c (1457f) from two metres away.	the hill is not in a volcanic area, and experts from xinjiang meitian geological bureau think the hole is caused by the layer of spontaneously combusted coal underneath the ground.	experts think a coal seam may have spontaneously combusted below ground.
the incident happened at st james' church in the gorton area of manchester on april 3.	the thief sat down in a pew next to the 86-year-old for the good friday service earlier this month.	he targeted an 82-year-old woman but she was alerted when she heard him rustling in her purse.
scottish drinkers are so cautious of the country's new drink-driving limits bar sales have plummeted by 60 per cent.	the effect of the drop in sales is so severe, it is being blamed for a poor result in the country's latest bank of scotland pmi report.	publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban.
recent data released by kayak.com.au has revealed that most aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in europe.	research by the travel engine further indicates that aussies are planning to travel abroad between may and august, while seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe.	australian tourists are planning to holiday in destinations across europe.
kevin cooper and trewen kevern allegedly beat david alderson and left him to drown, before using his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe where he also kept a haul of guns.	police originally thought that the 72-year-old victim - a keen cyclist - had died as a result of falling from his bike, because he was dressed in lycra at the time.
alinea, a restaurant in chicago has been voted the best restaurant in the world for a fourth year running.	the eatery, which is chicago’s only three-michelin-starred restaurant, is the brainchild of culinary prodigy grant achatz and features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks.	alinea and his business partner nick kokonas opened alinea in 2005.
jordan spieth, 21, showed true grace under pressure to win the masters.	pga golfer was humble enough to write the letter to the murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition.	spieth, already dreaming about winning the masters, was already an extremely talented golfer in 2009.
paul bramley, 28, died when andreas lubitz locked the germanwings flight's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside, killing all 150 people on board.	but girlfriend anneli tiirik, 23, said she did not blame lubitz, 27, who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and was found to have researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it.
prime minister david cameron will announce an extension of the right-to-buy scheme.	he will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home.	the subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant.
stephanie scott was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton, 550km west of sydney, at 11am on easter sunday.	she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday.	family say the 26-year-old is' so in love' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet.
kenya has bombed two al-shabaab camps in somalia in the first major military response to last week's attack by the militant group on a kenyan university that left 148 people dead.	air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail, both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday.	cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll.	kenya has struggled to stop the flow of al-shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with somalia.
lin xikun put his own life on the line to rescue one of his colleagues, by offering to swap places with her when a knife-wielding patient took her hostage.	the terrifying situation began at about 11am on april 9, when the man walked in on nurse long yufang being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man.	when he returned the next day, he was carrying a knife.
peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, margaret, as they slept in their suburban atlanta home.	the shooting left margaret mccollom paralyzed below the waist.	mccollom resigned from the chief's job in march.
many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster.	femail called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make and to share their vital tips.
chelsea clinton was one of the many high-powered women to retweet the results of the search.	the image of barbie is the 96th image to come up on google images when you enter the search term' ceo', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men.
nando's manager curt almond spent at least £40 a week buying new' crisp pair' every day of the week.	but after wiping out most of his savings, mr almond realised it was' bankruptcy or boxers'.	he has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over.
royston coates, who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding, boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures.	he also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons.	coates has repeatedly sent out messages to his 300 facebook friends updating them about his life inside jail.
researchers believe the injection could flush out dormant hiv hiding in white blood cells with a chemical' kick', allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells.	scientists hope a new' kick and kill' vaccine could flush out hiv hidden in the body before stimulating a person's own immune system to kill the cells.
sandra malcolm's body was found at her home in cape town, south africa.	reports in south africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her.	police have yet to confirm this.
ed miliband visited the gurdwara – a sikh temple – during a campaign tour of the midlands on wednesday.	but his team banned national media journalists from the event – despite the fact that gurdwaras are traditionally open to all.	worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the labour leader.
progressive education experts in the uk have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study that is popular in finland.	but a new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods.
justin whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in bakersfield, california.	charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.	but following interviews, his charge was changed from' cruelty' to' endangerment'.	his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near tikrit in iraq's salah al-din province.	members of the iraqi army and allied shiite volunteer militias have had great success in forcing the terrorists to withdraw in recent weeks.	the exact crime the beheading victim is accused of committing is not known, but images of his violent death were uploaded to twitter.
most people expect stunning views from the empire state building or the sound of waves meeting golden sands when their partner pops the question.	this video captures the moment her boyfriend got down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a mcdonald's restaurant.	egged on by his friends, the man, known only as chase, strides purposefully over to his girlfriend.
kim kardashian and kanye west have been named by travel publication condé nast traveller as the grandest hotel in ireland.	the five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms.
david cameron managed to thoroughly bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in bolton on wednesday.	the prime minister is n't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe ; ed balls and nick clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters.	shadow chancellor ed balls fails to impress a young girl and her doll as they play make-believe.
julie sweet has lived alone in clovelly for five years and has never been happier.	but while female solo-dwellers are being labelled as sad, lonely and socially isolated, a new study has shown that of these women, the majority have university degrees, reputable careers and healthy social lives.
riddick bowe, of maryland, has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms for anyone who pays him $20.	he recently offered to' tweet anything' for people who credit him through paypal, sharing the messages with his 450,000 followers.	his offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s as the only man who could beat evander holyfield.
fraser ross, who founded the kitson fashion brand, is caught up in a $1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store.	the tycoon behind exclusive fashion brand kitson has been caught up in a $1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store.	fraser ross, who founded the company, is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the kitson branch in los angeles airport to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship.
hannah mcwhirter, 21, engaged in the ménage with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013.	she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself.	but when mr clark told the john lewis department store worker's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped.	mcwhirter appeared at aberdeen sheriff court yesterday where she admitted wasting police time with false rape claims.
martina riccioni and antoinettia caffero, 21, were involved in a head-on collision.	the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic as they drove home from margaret river.	ms riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries.
keith anthony allen, 27, pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition.	allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls and fondling a third girl.	allen has been in the franklin county jail since his arrest on march 25.
former soldier john young, 66, and his new wife elaine, 54, were sat in the front room of their home in oldham, greater manchester.	when one brick smashed the glass, mr young went and opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers only to be struck in his left eye by another brick.	he suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye.
experts say russian president vladimir putin's move to send planes capable of carrying cruise missiles so close to british shores could be seen as an act of aggression.	sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ‘snoop’ on a huge nato war games exercise taking place in scotland.
witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike' completely squashed' under the lorry following the accident close to lambeth bridge near the houses of parliament.	today's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries - prompting cycle campaigners to organise a' vigil and die-in' at the site.
tonight's final episode of bbc two's back in time for dinner, the robshaws – brandon, 53, rochelle, 52, and their children miranda, 17, rosalind, 15 and fred, who have travelled from the 1950s to the end of the millennium are served the food of the future.	the robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of bbc two's back for dinner ended with the family feeling extremely grateful for the variety of foods available today.
michael slager, the north charleston cop charged with murder, is being held in prison on murder charges after this video emerged of him shooting derad 50-year-old walter scott.	it came as evidence against slager continues to mount, the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a taser into a black man's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit.
maarij khan and his mother mushammat are set to be removed from their home in newcastle after the home office turned down their bid to remain in the uk.	now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy and his mother to stay in britain, where maarij's 10-year-old brother saffat is buried.	saffat was subsequently diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma, a type of rhabdomyosarcoma which attacks connective tissue in the face and left him severely disfigured.
the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh.	the book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines, and draws on the traditions of the welsh folk-heroes and legends of the dark ages.
boy was taken to hospital after falling victim to a prank when he was suffocated until he passed out.	the child's details have not been release but a greater manchester police spokesman said the child is believed to have had underlying health problems and is expected to make a full recovery.
enfield haunting, real london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video.	what they did n't know, is that the house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost.	cameras are installed with secret cameras, microphones and booby traps.
shocking footage has been released by police of a brawl involving more than 70 teenagers outside a party in brisbane's south spiraled out of control on tuesday night.	the centre had originally been informed that approximately 30 people were attending an 18th birthday party of a woman who was not a part of the local community.	footage has emerged of a violent brawl between more than 70 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight.
shelly sterling has spoken out about her legal victory over her husband's alleged mistress v. stiviano, saying she took the much-younger woman to court' for justice'.	the billionaire wife of former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that stiviano must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts.	donald sterling is suing his wife and the nba over the $2 billion sale of the team.
zach yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces which can leave happy memories for tourists.	the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer, which he dips in dark chocolate.
scientists from the university of wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all.	the contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue.
gang member arrested during raids by homeland security and customs officials.	letters could mean he was a member of a sureno (mexican mafia) gang and was originally based in el paso.	most were u.s. citizens but 199 foreign nationals were also arrested.
bentleys and porsches are more likely to break down than cheaper cars.	the list price of bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700, yet the manufacturer and porsche finished bottom of a 38-strong table judged on reliability.
jackson byrnes, 18, has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo.	only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see jackson paralysed.	for the past week jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay for urgent surgery.
jack henry doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty.	doshay's lawyer paul pfingst said he told his client's parents not to show up at the hearing since it would be short, and said they are likely to attend court on thursday when their son has a bond hearing.	he is currently being held without bail at the vista jail.
coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon take a selfie in new york.	there were hundreds of people visiting the memorial at the time but everybody was quiet and extremely respectful.	sylvain and i flew to the us from manchester and spent four nights in the city.
raghunandan yandamuri, 29, of king of prussia, pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says that he would rather be executed than continue with his lawyers.	he said monday in montgomery county court if his appeal keeps going the same way he would rather be executed immediately.	yandamuri yandamuri, 29 (left), accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters.
bol manyang, one, his four-year-old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew's church in werribee on saturday morning.	their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister awel, 5, who survived the crash on april 8.	mourners wept as the children's cousin, makok kuol, described them as' three beautiful angels'.
wat pa luangta bua yanasampanno told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the department of national parks, wildlife and plant conservation by friday or they will be seized.	the news will no doubt please animal rights activists who have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary.
dave roberts, who is in the running to become the mayor of middlesbrough, followed in his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister's footsteps by leaping off the transporter bridge over the river tees.	instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago - mr roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.	mr mcallister was challenged to jump off the bridge by a friend after drinking in a pub in port clarence in a bet worth a sixpence.
ian harris, 51, from brighton, east sussex, is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster whose followers believe the colander is a religious garment.	he is challenging the dvla over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo, which he says is equivalent to muslim women being pictured in hijabs.	ian harris is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster, whose followers, known as pastafarians, regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment.
estimates from security researchers suggest around 1,000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking.	this includes uber, microsoft's onedrive and movies by flixster and the flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure https connection, potentially open to hackers.
giuliana rancic and jerry o'connell were pictured together at the maxim hot 100 party in las vegas in june 2004.	photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before giuliana rancic became a woman scorned.
foodie fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu at the curious canine kitchen which opens for one weekend only (11 to 12 april) in shoreditch, london.	but this bang on-trend meal is n't fit for human consumption - it's just for dogs.
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan, new york, shutting down three train lines in both directions.	crews scrambled to stem the flow and get to the bottom of the leak, unamused new yorkers whipped out cell phones to capture the rare sight of an underground deluge on video.
dr. frederic brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on sunday a police report revealed on tuesday.	the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday, weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix.	friends admit brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he' laughed it off'.
carlos toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from colombia fearing for his life.	toro came to the united states and eventually began working for the dea as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates.	toro is now technically living in the us illegally after declining health forced him to retire.
ted koran says he was thinking suicidal thoughts because he was struggling to deal with the loss of his wife karen.	ted said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself on saturday.	ted koran's experience highlights the increasing problems the va is facing with its veterans crisis hotline as it fights depression among ex-servicemen.
rebecca and husband harry needs last month, and in december 2014 at the start of her first pregnancy.	rebecca married fellow swimmer harry needs, 23, in september 2014 and discovered she was pregnant soon after appearing in itv's i'm a celebrity! get me out of here in december 2013 by avoiding carbohydrates, rebecca says she has been especially careful throughout her pregnancy.
sutherland shire council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach.	among these locations are cronulla beach and wanda beach, both in southern sydney, as it was found due to a shortage of accommodation.	many locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets.
christine carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court.	officers raiding christine carriage’s one-bedroom home found that 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on.	but this week the 67-year-old walked free from court.
farhina touseef, the subject of channel 4's unreported world, is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents.	today, it's on the rise again after the taliban declared the vaccine to be a' western conspiracy' and a'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick, and waged violent attacks against those found to be supplying it.
new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother.	the baby, who was named' emma grace' by a local church, was discovered by a recommunity recycling facility employee, police said in a news release.	investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away.
father-of-one szilveszter, 24, feared he would never be able to have sex.	father-of-one szilveszter shares his story on the latest series of tlc show extreme beauty disasters.	he said he had vaseline injected into his penis following a friend's recommendation.
tori hester, 25, was diving in cabo pulmo when the huge school of fish began circling above her.	husband jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.	tori's husband jeff, a marine scientist, was on hand to capture the moment using his underwater camera.
mailonline travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities... without breaking the bank.	alternatively, pack a picnic lunch and sit along lake zurich's promenade or the sprawling sheep's meadow in central park.
sean crawford made a splash at the australian traffic jam gallery with his taxidermy sculptures.	he said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on.	he said he can understand why some people find his work' a bit ungodly’'.
image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon' looping lightning'.	storm chaser dan robinson said' looped' lighting may instead be a trick of perspective, based on where the viewer is stood, meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not.	storm chaser dan robinson believes' looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective.
jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing etan patz.	she asked jurors to convict hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime.	etan's body was never found, nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings.
tim mcgraw is facing backlash from country music fans who say that his decision to headline a concert for a gun control charity could end his career.	anti-gun control commenters have said that mcgraw, 47, risks losing his career the same way female country trio the dixie chicks never bounced back from criticizing president george w bush.
caitlin kellie-jones suffered from hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (hie), a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood.	caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours.
the men, who were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of nova scotia, allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman.	the alleged victim, who is a civilian, was taken to hospital and examined by sexual assault nurses.	shearwater is a secure military facility where id is needed for access.
brooke geherman, from alberta, canada, posted a video of her young son, kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way:' do n't worry little boy, there's plenty of fish in the sea'.
single woman candice ingram tells daily mail australia that she was not invited to a friend's birthday dinner because she would' ruin table numbers'.	but for men, the best perk is the' variety of sexual partners'.
talks about her experience of being circumcised (picture posed by model) says she does n't blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure when she was just a baby.	she said:' in my culture, it is believed that when the vagina is cut, the desire to have sex is only something a woman does with her husband to have children'.
the video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station on north 5th street shows five people, including two children, storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old.	one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground.	they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless.
david lammy said the snp was a party labour could' do business with' in the event of another hung parliament.	the admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings from the tories that the snp will hold labour to' ransom' if it holds the balance of power in parliament next month.
james r barker lake freighter is shown trapped in ice in this aerial photo.	the icebreaker was participating in an effort to free eight freighters from heavy ice.	the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by canadian and us ice breakers.
the alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas to the gulf of aden today with military bosses claiming the move is designed to protect iranian shipping from piracy.	it comes as saudi arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the iran-allied houthi movement which has taken most of yemen and forced president abd-rabbu mansour hadi to flee to riyadh.
yassir ali, 29, of no-fixed-abode, was stopped by traffic police in birmingham at 3.45pm on february 22 after officers suspected the silver bmw 1 series may have been stolen.	the camera footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat.
jonathan crombie died on wednesday night in new york, his sister carrie crombie told cbc on saturday.	the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels.	she said that her brother was always proud of playing gilbert, the school rival, boyfriend and eventual husband of the leading heroine in anne of green gables.	he was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of the wizard of oz.
child was on holiday with his family from manchester when he walked across the mudflats on wednesday.	coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy, with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety.	he was unhurt in the incident, and was seen leaving the beach smiling.
tamara pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors in november last year over sale of the home in bayswater, west london.	the 56-year-old, from croydon, south london, could not speak english and took her daughter-in-law monika brzezinska, 34, along with her on the visits to help her translate.	pacskowska sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud.
robert kennedy jr has apologized for comparing vaccinated children to holocaust victims.	kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families.	he said he will use other words to describe the autism crisis in the future.
the new york city woman, who is not being named, watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment, getting out with the goods in just minutes.
gold rectangular piece was presented to lord uxbridge for his heroics in the battle of waterloo.	his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction.	the box is about three-and-a-half inches long and weighs just six ounces.
crystal o'connor, owner of memories pizza in walkerton, indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding.	she told a local news reporter that her establishment would not cater a gay wedding reaffirmed her beliefs in an interview on saturday.	she then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days.
the united states began secretly tracking phones long before the events of 9/11 or passage of the patriot act.	it has been revealed the government began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the drug enforcement agency in 1992.	this is also now the oldest known example of the american government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country.
michelle heale of tom's river, new jersey claimed she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012.	but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.	when the verdict was read out, the 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told him to make sure her five-year-old twins do not forget her.	she now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of killing the youngster.
harvey weinstein was spotted looking chipper and pleasant outside his new york city townhouse on thursday.	she was joined by the couple's son dashiell in her design room on thursday - the couple's son dashiell.	weinstein looked much improved from photos taken last week in which the movie executive seemed depressed and downtrodden as he headed to the office, appearing to almost smile at photographers as he got into his car on thursday afternoon.
jourdan dunn has revealed in an interview that she was severely bullied at school until secondary school when the situation was so bad she had to be home-schooled.	she has defied her bullies' expectations by becoming a household name and a celebrated regular on the runway - walking for the likes of balmain, fashion for relief and topshop unique.
mario balotelli is the premier league player who receives most abuse online.	sportsmail can reveal the shocking, acidic culture of discrimination.	football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with tempero and brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online.
minnesota fourth-grader barway edwin collins who has been missing for nearly four weeks.	authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy's father, pierre collins, 33, was in that area at the time he disappeared.	police said on sunday that the boy's father, pierre collins, was in that area at the time the boy disappeared (above revering during a news conference on april 12, 2015 in crystal, minnesota.
the interactive app shows sound engineers and producers working as they look into studio 1.	the result is inside abbey road, a new web app that takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of abbey road.	classical music legend sir edward elgar opened the studios on 12th november 1931.
the legal adviser to alison saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as the son of lord janner, it emerged last night.	the director of public prosecutions consulted neil moore – a barrister at 23 essex street where daniel janner worked – over whether to prosecute lord janner, the times reported.	mrs saunders said it was her job to make' very difficult decisions'.
david rylance has been jailed for stealing more than £50,000 from his dying mother, who was suffering from alzheimer's.	but in reality her son david rylance, 47, had been slowly siphoning the money away, spending it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs.	rylance, also of south shields, admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000.
faiz ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping after allegedly dumping his three-year-old daughter, aliya, in an illinois trash can.	he's jailed in van buren county, michigan, pending extradition proceedings.
judy eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead's restaurant in kansas city last week.	says it's the only job she's ever had or ever wanted.	eddingfield says that her first day on the job when she was just 15-years-old she spilled over a woman's fur coat.
sprawling house built on site of old telephone exchange in chelsea, west london.	has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in england and wales.	buyer also has to pay £7.6m in stamp duty.
lib dem leader's wife said party's mps' deserve' to be re-elected in may after putting the country above their party for five years' at great personal cost'.	she is expected to campaign for several women candidates in the run up to the general election on may 7.	she is battling to defend a near 7,000 majority in the north london seat of hornsey and wood green.
the 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates he was planning to' kill all the teachers'.	she is said to have launched the attack in his own classroom, targeting his female catalan teacher and her daughter, also a student at the school, spanish media reports.
royal dutch shell plc said it has filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic.	the activists boarded the rig just 750 miles northwest of hawaii as it makes its journey to the arctic.	the group said the activists would not interfere with the vessel's navigation.	shell said in an emailed statement that it has met with groups against oil drilling off alaska's shores.
the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the white house, to the existing fence.	the new spikes, officially known as' pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence.
encounters with common dolphins off the west of scotland have more than doubled over a decade, according to experts.	common dolphins were once a rare sight in the hebrides, preferring warmer waters found further south, leading experts to believe that global warming has led to pods moving north.
twitter user plattsieplatts posted it to her social media account writing:' so this is the notice i saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop.	i kid thee not.	this year my wife has decided to take us all youth hosteling, i told her at her age she would be better off with saga'.
researchers have shown that passive smoking affects plants too, which can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke.	the finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them, despite none being allowed in insecticides.
argentina has branded british attempts to explore the seas around the falklands islands for oil ‘illegitimate’.	argentina has branded british attempts to explore the seas around the falklands islands for oil ‘illegitimate’.	mr filmus said military conflict ‘ belongs to the past’ and claimed: ‘ the united kingdom can count on argentina as an ally.
nicholas broms, who was involved in a drug-related explosion last november, poses for a photo showing his burn scars from the explosion in portland, ore.	the proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil.
hattie gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag after under-going surgery for ulcerative colitis.	she shares her experience on her amusingly frank and startlingly honest blog morethanyourbag.com, hattie opens up about life after undergoing emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
rare mammal has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan.	the phenomenon results from the animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state.
charli stewart has turned her popular channel, charliscraftykitchen into youtube's largest food channel in less than three years.	charli's channel earned the young entrepreneur an estimated $32,261 (aud $41,347) in ad revenue from his channel's 6.9 million views last month.
andreas lubitz may have spiked his captain's coffee so he would be left alone on the aircraft's flight deck.	investigators have been scouring lubitz's computers to determine whether the killer' spiked' his captain's drink to force him into the toilet.	german prosecutors believe that lubitz' may have added a chemical to captain patrick sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck.
xie hong feng was found dead after falling down five floors down an empty elevator shaft in her apartment block in ningbo city in china.	her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her by the property's manager - but there is no cctv evidence of the accident.	cctv image inside the lift shows ms xie with her three-year-old son.
sophie falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the kardashians began instagramming it.	falkiner says she discovered the benefits while interviewing hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
pamela anderson was all smiles as she joined maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio to promote the benefits of a vegetarian diet for prison inmates.	arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
lucy, the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found, has a few secrets to reveal.	a new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the bones may belong to a baboon.	despite being uncovered 40 years ago, lucy is still being studied to learn more about our ancestors.
nasa has revealed its vision - and its a lot more fun.	called the modular robotic vehicle, it was developed at nasa's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets.	nasa says the vehicles was buit' in order to advance technologies that have applications for future vehicles both in space and on earth.
thousands of velella velella can be seen across seaside beach in oregon after strong winds blew the jellyfish-like creatures onto the shore.	the small creatures are easily blown to the shores of oregon, california and washington during strong winds this time of year.	experts say there are more than usual this year.
janet brown was found naked, gagged with packing tape with her arms cuffed behind her at the foot of the stairs of her family home in radnage, buckinghamshire.	mrs brown's two daughters roxanne described their hother as a' kind and loving nurse' claiming the horror of the crime' stays with us every day'.	mrs brown's body was found on april 10, 1995.
ground-based air defense directed energy on-the-move program, commonly referred to as gbad, allowing controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target.	once drones are spotted, it can shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser.	the system will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser.
matthew weathers, who often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his youtube channel, put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.	this amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
susan pease gadoua claims that the traditional marriage model in our modern-day culture' sets up too many people for failure'.	couples in a starter marriage agree to be together for' two, three, four or more years – whatever works for you and your partner'.	relationship counsellor susan pease gadoua says that traditional weddings set people up for failure.
justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival on sunday.	the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio, california.	eyewitnesses said bieber argued with security and said he could n't stand in a huge crowd without being swamped by fans but security told him to leave.
freddo frog is cutting the size of its beloved freddo frogs by 20 per cent but keeping the recommend retail price the same.	the freddo’s downsize is just the latest product to feel the pinch in the declining confectionery world.	cadbury's parent company’s profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $87 million to $127 million in 2013.
miley cyrus posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland, ohio.	miley, who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices, displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap.	gucci girl said that star's armpit hairs were' freaking her out'.
jamie silvonek, the eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial.	the teenager is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.	cheryl silvonek's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia.
staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps.	staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps.	bloomberg reports that attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week.
the national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn barack obama and hillary clinton as' elitists' who will' dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize'.
sasha, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she and malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday.	the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day.
nhs england said 92.5 per cent of patients spent four hours or less from arrival to admission, transfer or discharge in the week ending april 12.	the proportion of patients seen within the government maximum of four hours at a & e is below the target of 95 per cent again.
paddy power appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the us regarding police shootings on african-americans.	newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american police beatings.
swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14.	it is usually preceded by the body’s immune system killing so-called beta cells in the pancreas that produce insulin.	other factors include viral infection, dietary habits, birth weight and early weight gain.
photos marking the 50th anniversary of new york city's landmarks law look at the devastating architectural losses that led up to the law and how it has helped preserve beautiful old buildings.	the loss of the old penn station, which was built in the area now called soho in 1807, was demolished in 1918 as the city moved to widen the street next to it.	the law was signed by mayor robert wagner on april 19, 1965, and upheld by the supreme court in 1978.
ann malsbury, 22, battered lee judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage.	the chef’s ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in the city to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship.	after he struggled free malsbury then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade.
a tanker carrying fracking wastewater contains traces of gas and petroleum.	the fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air.	it landed 60 feet from the site.	no one was injured, but the facility has likely been destroyed.
copper-locked actor damian lewis, his hair colour is having a moment on screens.	whether their rouge colouring is au naturel or straight out of a packet, we're loving the fiery-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere.
zane gbangbola died at home in the middle of the night after being poisoned by gas.	authorities claimed hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater.	but the mail on sunday can reveal the damning evidence that proves the authorities have known for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had caused his death.
stuart addison was serving on hmas stirling off the coast of western australia when he took his own life.	their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.	mark was left devastated by his loss and was dealt a further blow when navy records revealed his son had tired to take his own life twice before.
daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex.	the pair had been driving along a route together where, unbeknownst to his girlfriend, daniel had erected a series of signs along the road.	mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend to the prom ended in tears when she misunderstood the proposal.
liu siying was pictured grimacing as lewis hamilton sprayed champagne at her face after winning the race.	the british formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl liu siying, who was pictured looking less than impressed.	but siying said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed.	others have called the driving ace an' embarrassment to the uk'.
duncan burton, 57, was released in november 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs.	burton was taken into custody on one count of sexual assault and if convicted will face a maximum sentence of 20 years.	burton did not have a city permit to drive a cab and had never applied for an exemption.
libby jane wilson was enjoying a day out with her father at the yarrow valley country park in chorley, lancashire on sunday afternoon when she was pounced on by a jack russell, which bit her face.	the toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the dog ran over and kicked the dog away.	libby's mother christie wilson says:' she has been very, very lucky - it could have been a lot worse and the doctors have said she doesn’t really understand what has happened'.
luiz antonio from brazil presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table.	but instead of digging into the seafood feast, he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought.
nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its landsat 7 satellite.	it shows' ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the erg chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern algeria.	the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known.
mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel hidden inside this wooden wardrobe.	the sophisticated passageway was wired with lights, ventilation and lights and ventilation.	officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and only stretched some 500 feet.
julie robert, a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney, said it was' problematic' that the prime minister, who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking, thought it acceptable to' showcase his masculinity' by skolling a beer.	mr abbott came under fire after the incident as anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking.
robbie clark is one of britain's oldest surviving prisoners of war.	brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with the 96-year-old former prisoner of war.	council want to move mr clark from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years.
evelin mezei, a 12-year-old hungarian national, was spotted with the man at around 10.30pm yesterday, an hour after she was last seen by her mother in east london.	but the youngster, who came to the uk six months ago, was traced this morning.	detectives had released a cctv image and appealed for information about the man.
shane dunn, 25, stabbed ian garrod, 55, in the neck after meeting on the gay dating app grindr.	but when the 55-year-old sat on the bed, dunn - who was said to be' cool as a cucumber' during the attack - stabbed him in the throat.	dunn, who was high on class a mephedrone, then left mr garrod in fear of his life, before fleeing from the property with his victim's wallet, ipad and jewellery.
christian refugees have revealed how they linked arms to form a' human chain' in a desperate bid to stop muslim migrants throwing them into the mediterranean sea.	survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities, have now claimed the men tried to throw other christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion - but were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
ed miliband read from motivational notes during the leaders’ televised debate.	he was widely criticised for his robotic performance in last week’s debate as he failed to land a convincing blow on david cameron.	now it has emerged ed miliband was reading from motivational notes during the leaders’ clash.
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on tuesday when he was seen sleeping in daytona beach, florida, goldsboro police captain dwayne dean said.	stancil, who had a knife with him, was arrested without incident when volusia county beach patrol officers found the suspect sleeping on the beach.	lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, had supervised stancil under a work-study program but is believed to have recently fired him.
jade ruthven, 33, of perth, western australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook.	but one group of women were so fed up with their friend's' running commentary' they went to the extreme measure of putting an anonymous letter in her mailbox demanding she give everyone' a break'.	jade ruthven was devastated when she received the unsigned letter in her mailbox.
sarah brady, the wife of a former white house press secretary in washington, died friday at the age of 73.	the brady campaign and center to prevent gun violence, named in their honor, said they were' heartbroken' at the news of her death, calling sarah brady a' guiding light.	i am certain that she would want nothing more than to know we are carrying on her and jim's legacy with the same fiery compassion and dedication that made her so remarkable.	it has not been renewed despite a majority of americans consistently favoring a prohibition on assault weapons.
jondrew lachaux, from las vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old kellie phillips.	lachaux allegedly impregnated his 17-year-old stepdaughter who gave birth alone at home while looking after her three-year-old sister, who then died in her care.	police said the pair left the teen, who can not be named, with food and medication for the three-year-old who had breathing problems.
more than three years ago claire, emily, christine and lily vincenti were taken from their italian home by their mother, which sparked an ugly dispute that included claims of kidnapping.	their mother, laura garrett, had australian passports made for the girls and fled to australia.	she claimed she had to escape her abusive partner tomasso vincenti.
the tulsa county sheriff's office falsified the training and firearms records of the millionaire reserve deputy who shot dead an unarmed suspect by mistake.	they allege that at least three of 73-year-old robert bates' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours - and that he was not fit to police the streets.	the allegations of corruption published in the tulsa world come after claims the wealthy ceo' paid to play cop', which ultimately led to the events of april 2 when he fired his handgun instead of his taser, killing 44-year-old eric harris.
the inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by noel gallagher, above.	it could be time to dust off the turntables as vinyl records are revealed to be enjoying a startling revival.
kamron taylor was caught in south side, chicago, with a loaded gun on friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name' gertrude' tattooed to his neck.	he is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the kankakee county sheriff's office, chicago police said.	taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3am wednesday.
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization.	he pleaded not guilty to the charges friday in a columbus federal court.	mohamud had been instructed by a muslim cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism.
max verschuuren, 21, was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the te urewera forest, north island, on saturday night.	he accidentally became the hunted when his friend mistook him for a deer.	he tumbled down the hill he was perched on, falling into the bushes in a desperate attempt to escape any further bullets.
major general james post iii was fired on friday after making a treason comment.	an investigation of remarks by major general james post iii, who was the vice commander of air combat command, found his words to some 300 airmen at nellis air force base on jan. 10 may have had a' chilling effect' on some of them, convincing them not to speak with lawmakers.
controversial retailer american apparel debuted a new'pro-women' ad campaign featuring its female staffers.	the brand also shared images from the campaign on its instagram account for international women's day.	american apparel confirmed to wwd that the ad only has thus far only appeared in vice.
bonnie doll is australia's answer to lara croft in the gaming world.	followers of her live stream pay a subscription to join her online.	bonnie has been living in australia since 2007.
alan barnes, 67, is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in, was left too scared to return to his home in gateshead, tyne and wear earlier this year.	he was knocked to the ground by mugger richard gatiss.	the crime shocked britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician katie cutler, 21, which raised £330,000.	mr barnes said it felt' fantastic' to be in his new home.
cameron hooker, 61, was known as' the girl in the box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during much of her captivity.	he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules, usa today reported.	california has recently introduced the elderly parole program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served at least 25 years.
figures show that while millions still tune in, they listen for much shorter bursts.	the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in the last three months of 2014.
the minute-long clip shows the s300 rocket barely managing to take off before it starts plummeting back down to earth.	the leaked footage will be of some embarrassment to vladimir putin who as grown by 33 per cent to £54billion over the past year.	it happened near donetsk in the ukraine where it is believed the missile was about to be fired against government forces.
david letterman stunned his late show audience into silence with a joke branded' disrespectful to women'.	the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on monday when he made the off-colour gag.	letterman had just opened up questions to graduates to' eat salad' and' always be nice'.
avoca beach in the central coast, about 95kms north of sydney, filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge.	it's foam that has been swept off the waves because the water was so churned up and its mixed with sand - it's so bizarre,' ms freedman told daily mail australia.	they are titled' foam party',' i feel like nigel thornberry' and' beach gone.	possibly about to be swept to sea'.
roman ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class.	the senior communications major was actually completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm.	but that did n't stop his unknowing peers from relishing in his outrageous act.
mikki nicholson, who was a national scrabble champion, stepped in front of a train, on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle, cumbria.	the 36-year-old had planned a move to newcastle, where she had hoped people would be more accepting.	but she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing.
australian dietician and nutritionist susie burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain, but says this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely.
transgender teen chase culpepper, 17, was born male but now identifies as female, regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women's clothing.	she was told by dmv officials that she had to remove make-up (left) for her license photo last year.	agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who do n't identify with either gender.
london mayor deployed to inject more passion into the tory campaign.	the snp has declared it will never support the conservatives in a hung parliament.	it would be the first time since 1924 that a second-placed party had formed a government.	mr salmond boasted that he would' check his top pocket'.
prince george has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out, such as this £32 cath kidston tank top... and there's no doubt that his little brother or sister will do the same.	if prince george's first year - which boosted the economy by £247m - is anything to go by, anything that the second-born touches will turn to gold and copycat designs will bring a welcome boost.
general martin dempsey sent a letter saying he regretted that he' added to the grief' of debbie lee, whose son marc was killed in ramadi on august 2, 2006.	the 28-year-old, the first navy seal to die in iraq, was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily-contested city.	he was awarded the purple heart and silver star for his bravery.
120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as £2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food, prepared by executive chef paul collins, who has spent 20 years working at various michelin-starred restaurants.
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover, of a dominican woman in her late 30s.	the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex.	the woman, who is now four months pregnant, were complained about six times for excessive noise at the bay ridge block, official records show.
ermias ghermay was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships, a problem that causes them to capsize.	one of them, an eritrean called mered medhanie, is said to have boasted:' they say i put too many aboard, but they're the ones who want to leave in a hurry'.	he was already wanted on an arrest warrant in connection with an october 2013 capsizing off lampedusa that left 366 dead.
prime minister and outgoing leader of the commons william hague will be joined by william hague as they launch the english manifesto - with the latter expected to warn england risks being' held to ransom' by snp.	mr hague is expected to warn that england risks being ‘ held to ransom’ by scottish nationalists unless labour agrees to implement such a reform.
kristina karo claims she was a classmate of ms kunis, 31, who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991.	she claims that she had been' envious' of her pet hen, and play with the hen, called' doggie', tmz reports.	ms kunis confessed to the crime and told her' kristina, you can have any other chicken as a pet, you have a whole chicken farm'.
madison avery crotty, from san diego, is seen screaming and crying until her doting father decided to try out his impersonation.	in a new video posted online, the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as thomas' buddy' starts his deep breathing technique.
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone enjoyed a bottle of wine during their first night at their new apartment in astoria, queens, on last night's episode of married at first sight.	the newlyweds later headed to their bedroom leaving viewers to wonder whether they finally' consummated their marriage'.	jaclyn previously noted that she had n't had sex in two years.
sacha whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into sydney cbd.	the dee why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless during what's been hailed as the storm of a century.
patrick jones of buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs a series of pro-feminist signs being placed on several streets around new york city, when he took to the street to hear opinions from the public.	while the women he spoke to all called the practice' disgusting' saying it makes them feel' horrible' and' uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public.
joseph oberhansley, from jeffersonville, indiana, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old tammy jo harbin blanton.	the motion to change the charges comes after lab results for the victim's body were returned.	prosecutors say they will recommend the death penalty.
timothy s. pappa, an fbi agent, claims that xiaoming gao was paid' thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.s. government employee'.	gao, who left her position in february 2014, began working as a contract interpreter in the office of language services in june 2010.	gao, who currently works for a consulting firm, has not commented on the affidavit.
alyssa mckenna, 9, from oklahoma has his younger sister to thank for saving his life after a pack of vicious rottweilers mauled him over the weekend.	the child, who is hearing-impaired, suffered deep cuts to his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body.	the child's family say if it were not for elijah's fearless 9-year-old sister, alyssa, the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead.
amber anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at christian life academy in baton rouge.	she was booked into prison on tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile.	anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years.
british seaside hotel says 100 people have been affected by the' winter vomiting bug'.	it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called' winter vomiting bug'.	owner james kimber told mailonline the source of the illness has not been identified, but many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel on 11 april.
alice liveing, from gerrards cross, buckinghamshire, began healthy journey just over a year ago.	she said:' i remember a distinct turning point was when i began to post photos of my food on the social media platform instagram'.
tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in new york on 30 march.	following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the ios music chart but now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall.	while in the uk the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category.
tracey cox says gwyneth and chris' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from.	there are no hard feelings and that you both have their best interests at heart.	it instantly scores points with the new person in their life.
interior designer abigail ahern described the colours used by kelly wearstler in her malibu beachhouse as' the most beautiful and complex i’ve ever seen'.	ahern says walking into her own colourful home gives her a' squishy feeling of contentment' everyday.
scientists have found a system of priming the body’s immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours.	british experts said it is the most promising sign yet that ‘personal’ treatments may be effective in treating a wide range of cancers.
district judge nigel cadbury mentioned the 24-year-old during a separate court hearing to issue a warning about women drinking too much alcohol.	friends of miss buckley have said she had only a few drinks before leaving a club.	cctv shows her walking from the sanctuary nightclub.
amanda berry and gina dejesus recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro, a man who lived close to their homes in ohio.	the brave survivors have written a book, hope: a memoir of survival in cleveland, which will be released on april 27.
doris fuller's daughter, natalie, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, and died when she stepped in front of a train in baltimore, maryland, last month.	in the wake of her death, fuller has written about how her illness, which went undiagnosed until her early 20s, and said she was' the bravest person i have ever known'.
prime minister, who had just done a viewer call-in on itv's this morning, made the comment as host phillip schofield moved on to the next item.	prime minister, who had just done a viewer call-in on itv's this morning, made the comment as host phillip schofield moved on to the next item.	mr cameron, who was off camera, could then be heard saying:' up next, a man who can pinch your wallet, your watch and even your tie without you noticing'.
australian shoppers will no longer be offered second best a season late.	the department store, which stocks top end australian labels balmain, dkny and alexander mcqueen will see a departure from wednesday 22nd.
o'shae smith told judge lila statom that he shot a rival gang member for being' in his hood'.	she had no problem telling him the area did n't actually belong to him.	sir, east lake courts is not your hood', it's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes, you do n't own that.
the radioactive material is likely caesium, a soft metal and harmless to the human body, tokyo metropolitan police say.	the drone was spotted by member of the prime minister's staff, on the roof of his principle office and residence in chiyoda-ku, tokyo.
samantha cameron picked up a paintbrush to help at the growing zone allotment project.	the prime minister's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke in the seat of elmet and rothwell.	mrs cameron has made several solo appearances during the election campaign in key seats, today supporting tory candidate alec shelbrooke (centre) in elmet and rothwell.
courtney brain, 16, was taken out of school at skegness academy when she visited her gp for treatment for a water infection.	but she was stunned upon her return to class in lincolnshire to be told she must make up the missed time for the ‘ unauthorised absence’.	her mother jane burnham criticised the ‘mind-boggling’ decision last wednesday to punish courtney.
reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song.	the effect has been studied before - but its cause, and how to get rid of it, is poorly understood.	now researchers say they have an answer ; chewing gum will help you think about it less often.
turkey hunting is allowed in designated areas around the st.	for around £7 ($10) permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land.	turkey hunting is a rich part of pennsylvania's history and the airport states.
james oatway took chilling images of mozambique national emmanuel sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township near johannesburg.	pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent mr sithole's death.	mr oatway said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country.
ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry.	the oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a' benjamin cole' of georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history.	affleck took to facebook to issue his apology.
chris evans suited up as captain america as shooting on avengers: age of ultron, was shot in seoul and the country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city on the agreement the republic of korea is shown as' high tech' and' modern'.	the use of public funds in what appears to be an extreme case of product placement has been criticised by south koreans - as officials are having to wait with the rest of the world to see if the film, released on thursday.
the anthem of the seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, towered over the explorer of the seas.	cruise liners, which are both owned by royal caribbean international, will both be based in southampton and serve europe and the mediterranean over the summer.
lian doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice after she admitted disposing of her boyfriend's shoes, thinking he had worn them to commit a burglary.	she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison, but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand.	robertson was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of murder.
police in shanghai revealed today that they had seized three million condoms - thought to be worth nearly £1.3 million on the black market.	officers said the lubricating oil used on the condoms at one production line in henan province was so disgusting that it made them feel sick, according to the people's daily online.	officials did not reveal the exact metal traces found during the tests.
mel greig spoke on her blog about how she was now starting ivf treatment.	she posted a blog post on her website titled' are we embarrassed of ivf?' where she detailed how she was undergoing the treatment, and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of.
british backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months.	instead, mr hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker, recording his adventures in his blog, making money through any odd job he can find in foreign lands and spending only $100 a week.	venezuela is definitely one of the cheapest countries i have ever been to.
the 2500 passengers on board a cruise ship, which has been stranded at sea due to wild weather conditions, have finally arrived at sydney harbour this morning.	sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the overseas passenger terminal at 10am.
duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen.	the duke of edinburgh wore 17 medals and decorations when he visited the new ssafa charity headquarters in central london in november 2013.	for three quarters of a century, prince philip has served the crown, and the wider commonwealth.
kenny hetrick is campaigning for his tigers, leopards and bears to be returned after they were seized by the state in january.	authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern ohio released 56 exotic animals - then killed himself.	hetrick has been heartbroken by the clampdown on his farm and the 72-year-old widower is now fighting to overturn the seizure.
the duchess of cambridge revealed her baby is due to give birth.	she said that her second child is due' mid to late april'.	kate, 33, was touring the stephen lawrence centre in deptford with prince william.
emergency workers surrounded the delta air lines plane at laguardia airport after an odor of smoke was reported by the crew moments after flight 2522 touched down.	passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin with a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source.
jaime hessel said her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute' trip from hell' from her east williamsburg apartment to midtown east.	so she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs.
marissa holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview on march 31.	a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.	however, holcomb, shaken by the experience, was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job.	holcomb says she was fired for having too much money in the till.
lord janner escaped justice after allegations of historic child-sex abuse werer.	both clare montgomery qc and child abuse expert eleanor laws qc offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute.	figures from across the political spectrum are clamouring for the decision be reversed amid fears of a ‘whitewash’.
loretta burroughs, 63, was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband danny burroughs.	mrs burroughs was arrested in may 2013 after danny burroughs' body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the ventnor home she was moving out of.
karen reidy, 40, met sakir candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in marmaris in 2012.	she slimmed from a size 22 (left) to a size 12 and showed off her new look during their relationship.	she met sakir on a break after her mother's death and went on to lose eight stone in weight.
british barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut, with men queuing around the corner for their turn to get the snip.	one chain of british barber shops has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years.
bella hadid models a tantalizing $895 fleur du mal lace bodysuit and $1,250 giuseppe zanotti boots.	the 18-year-old is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the may issue of elle magazine.
ann rule, 51, is accused of defrauding and bullying her into giving him $23,327.	the pair already receiving a monthly allowance of $25,000 combined with their two sisters through their mother's corporation.	prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule, and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court.
aden gould, 21, was told to pay a £150' security fee' after he was seen testing speakers on sale in a branch of the supermarket - even though he put the equipment back where he found it.	mr gould, who has learning difficulties and is unemployed, went into the sainsbury's branch in stoke-on-trent and opened two boxes containing £25 speakers.	he then tested the gadgets to see if they worked with his mobile phone, and put them back on display.	mr gould later received a pair of letters saying that he was banned from all 1,200 sainsbury's stores across the country.
pauline bruce's neighbour yvonne ireland evans plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs.	it's not the quiet and peaceful life pensioners pauline and her late husband tony expected when they moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in ludlow, shropshire, following tony's retirement in 2002.	pauline reveals on channel 5's the nightmare neighbour next door how yvonne turned on her after finding out she had struck up a friendship with another woman on the community park.
michelle newman said she heard was a' pop' and looked up to see her son james' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in las vegas.	the child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries.	michelle newman said she hopes by sharing her story other parents will safety proof their homes.
shannon carter, 21, struck amelia gledhill, 20, with the shoe.	ms gledhill is said to have been left traumatised by the incident.	ms gledhill still has a scar above her right eye.
moses yitzchok greenfeld, 19, from stamford hill, london, had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25c when he got into difficulty.	an eyewitness has said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend.	it is thought mr greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water.
princess beatrice poses alongside tory burch in florence this morning.	she stopped to pose with us designer tory burch - the latest in a string of big name designers to strike a pose with the princess in the last 24 hours.
paul hellyer, who was a canadian minister from 1963, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos.	he claims that the aliens have' been visiting our planet for thousands of years' and are unimpressed with how we live.	hellyer is the first high ranking politician to publicly state that aliens are real.
amateur photographer nicolas locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above briones regional park, in california on a nikon d7100.	the image went viral on reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network.	he only noticed that the red sky at dawn appeared to give a fiery hue behind the cloud formation after he got home and checked the pictures.
robert butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence, rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston.	the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments, lifespan, hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast.	mr butler was moved to his new hospital resident in a shipping container alongside his medical team to monitor his health.
arthur townsend poured the product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter, 96.	the retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to mr carter’s address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van.	townsend - of previous good character - was arrested and charged with criminal damage.
german shepard puppy named lt.dan from south carolina born without his paw now has a new friend who understands his unique struggle.	owner karen riddle said that lt. dan, who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - could have been euthanized.
gayla neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy.	but the happy couple, who live in manitoba, canada, are now using gayla's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model.
japanese woman got sweet revenge on her boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash.	she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi, and dumped his imac, iphone, ipad and accessories in the bath tub.
alondra luna nunez can be seen screaming and fighting with every ounce of her energy as she is dragged out of her school in front of her mother in central mexico last week.	she pleaded with the officers, who were working for interpol, not to take her from her parents.	alondra is now back with her real family after a dna test proved that she was not the daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia.	alondra was torn away from her parents and little brother by police who were acting on the orders of a texas judge.
queues are never a holidaymaker's best idea of fun, but it appears some airports do n't help themselves when faced with these kind of situations.	islamabad benazir bhutto international airport, in pakistan, is often cited as the worst in the world.
geoff barrow has accused streaming services of giving music away.	the founder of rock band portishead has waded into the debate over music streaming.	he added that he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more, and says it is hurting people from establishing themselves on the scene.
graphic on nbc's today show on wednesday misidentified saturday night live creator lorne michaels as' lauren'.	the flub by a graphics person, made on the east coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online, the network said.	today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
jihadi john and other isis extremists are building a network of' misfits' around the world who can carry out' chaotic' terror attacks with little planning, a senior police officer has warned.	mr rowley issued the warning of new tactics among islamist fanatics at the counter-terror expo at olympia, west london, yesterday.	london-born nicky reilly - who had a mental age of 10 - attempted to carry out a suicide bombing in exeter.
researchers at boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from africa.	they used computer model the amount of energy neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were.	instead, it is more likely that they disappeared 40,000 years ago because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors.
survey of more than 2,000 britons found almost half (45%) rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents from personal to official ones.	the contents can include love letters and old photos before the age of digital cameras to a will or deeds to property.
shaun bryan, 23, was playing in the aisle of her uncle's shop in stockwell, south london.	thusha was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011.	he and 20-year-old gino sawyers threatened the women at knifepoint before stealing mobile phones, a laptop and cash.	bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a' ruthless attack'.
angie donohue has told how her husband of four years, daryl scott donohue, 43, had tried to hire someone to kill her, even from the confines of his prison cell.	mrs donohue said that when they started the doomed romance, donohue was a ‘ nice, sweet and fun loving guy’ who appeared ‘normal’.
scientists at vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery.	they note that despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem.	children's toys could act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals.
modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier, but often all it does is create more pitfalls.	smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates.
lucy southern worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by britannia hotels in leeds.	she claims she quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager alex nkoroi.	nkoroi began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck.	he later stroked her back and prodded her in a private area with a pen.
churchill downs is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2, since he was 8 years old.	this week, sutton invited a reporter from wave 3 into the louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years doris, where she spoke about his very first derby.	sutton says he was just 8 years old in 1940 when his blacksmith father brought him to his first kentucky derby.
hamayun tariq, a divorced 37-year-old who was born and raised in dudley in the west midlands, shared four images on twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as ieds.	components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces in the room, which the father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as' the best electronics lab in the islamic state'.
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game - with one of his favorite players watching from the sidelines, houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt.	when nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.	however, his look of confusion quickly turns into shock as he realizes who he's looking at.
maickel melamed, 39, crossed the boston marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold.	but his story touched a city now famous for its own iron-clad will after the boston marathon bombings in 2013.	melamed, 39, may have come in last place in the 26.2-mile race, but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going.
carphone warehouse is launching a network of its own.	carphone warehouse will launch in may and will offer free roaming in 22 countries.	the aim is to use three's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans.
prime minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment.	the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000 to fund additional free childcare places.
unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's facebook account where it was ‘liked’ over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it.	the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's facebook account where it was ‘liked’ over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it.	facebook users were quick to ridicule the steakhouse franchise after seeing a picture of the embarrassing incident.
173 lots of designer shoes, handbags, clothes and accessories worth from £300 to at least £2,000 are set to go up for auction.	the items, which are in immaculate condition, come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner, and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity.
saturday night live skit about a male student having sex with his female high school teacher painted the relationship as every teen boy's dream.	the reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students.
radio format that has delivered the latest chart hits, news and talk shows in stereo to homes around the world for decades.	but now the characteristic hiss of interference that accompanies most fm broadcasts is set to fall silent.	twiddling of a radio will no longer be necessary as analogue services switch off in favour of digital.
tesla has confirmed it will unveil a' home battery' and a' very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors.	there are a number of home battery packs on the market.	users can then switch them on during the day to use the home during the day.
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments.	more than a third of health trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments to save money.
fiorina spoke at the republican leadership summit on saturday in nashua, new hampshire.	but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it's just a rumor at this point.	fiorina would be the fourth republican in the presidential race.
president barack obama will be sending an administration official to armenia this week.	obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through despite calls from the most famous armenian-american, kim kardashian, and the pope for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide.	but the white house still refuses to call the mass killings of ethnic armenians a' genocide' for fear of offending ally turkey.
claire hepburn gave birth to son jaxton in september and admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure.	she has now enlisted the help of susan hepburn, who famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji.	australians send 30 per cent more lgbt-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands.
mailonline travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle.	when travelling this summer, there are some basic travel hacks that can help make your holiday go off without a hitch.
zachary cain stickler, 34, died the day after he pleaded not guilty to domestic violence charges.	the alleged victim was living with stickler at the time and reported an attack in their home.	she had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge.
teng jiazhi or' uncle teng,' from shenyang, north china, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30c.	‘ they had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi' he told reporters from people’s daily online.	but i could not take the extra money,' said uncle teng.
erica avery was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom.	she allegedly contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault.	avery and four teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in hollywood, florida.
anna james, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the' obby' festival.	the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.	mrs james said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children ethan, 11, piran, 5, and four month old baby faith to the event.
abi gordon-cody, 26, from droitwich, worcestershire, works as a special effects make-up artist with the daily challenge of trying to find ways of slicing off fingers and impaling bodies in a completely pain-free way.	abi's gory recreations of wounds have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 on instagram.
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen.	barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo, cotton club and zanzibar club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows.
photographs taken today in micheldever woods, hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected after an unseasonably warm start to the season.	but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by april showers this weekend.
ukip leader nigel farage told itv's julie etchingham about his childhood, family and his plans to go on and on as ukip leader - until 2030.	mr farage revealed that as a schoolboy he' always questioned authority'.	he described his childhood of' youthful excess' but gave few details.
eloise aimee parry, 21, took the' diet pills' after she took eight – six more than the fatal dose.	she died this month after buying it online to slim down – despite being a normal weight.	five others have died since 2008.
over a three year period rajpal singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries.	he had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets.	rajpal singh, 34, had hundreds of coins and other objects removed from his stomach.
cengiz güven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine cemetery in istanbul.	the 30-year-old security guard pictured with actor russell crowe in the premiere of crowe's film the water divider.	mr guven kept tyler safe when the frontman and his band were in town to perform.
nick clegg said nigel farage's' mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white' lashing out' in a scrabble for headlines.	mr cameron issued an appeal to people planning to vote ukip to instead support the tories in an attempt to block a' toxic tie-up' between laabiur and the snp.	he was condemned in the first tv leaders' debate for saying people with hiv should not be allowed into britain and in the second for being too left-wing.
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year.	it found there was a' macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry.	two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day.
surgeons have removed the kidneys, which had grown to 20 times their normal size.	this condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size.	surgeons have removed kidneys that each weighed as much as a newborn baby, from a 45-year-old man with a genetic disorder.
holly nicole solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would' face hardship' because of barack obama's reelection.	solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident, but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
president barack obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america's' national treasures,' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns, which rely heavily on tourist dollars.	obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america's' national treasures,' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns.
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010.	she had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights.
aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would.	aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharge, as well as have cashiers inform customers before payments were made.	aldi has not consistently disclosed the surcharge to customers and many were unaware about the additional fees.
steve spowart rescues five horses from flood water on april 22 near dungog, a small town in the nsw hunter valley region.	mr spowart paddled out to where the horses were stranded, past trees, bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater that was almost as high as his shoulders.
figures from the trussell trust were seized on by labour and tuc as ‘shocking’ evidence that millions need emergency food because of low pay, the so-called bedroom tax, and stopped benefits.	but tory benefits chief iain duncan smith questioned the numbers, which he said were ‘unverified’, and insisted the best way to help families was to get people into work.
sharon and nick chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of ivf and one failed egg donor attempt.	after sharing their story with a perth radio station the couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family.	thanks to shannon mann, 22, who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years.
president tomislav nikolic described being' thrown around the cabin' when a plane taking him to italy last week began tumbling through the air on friday.	the plane landed safely back in belgrade, but nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis in the vatican, and his advisers put the incident down to yet another malfunction on the ageing, incident-prone aircraft.	one adviser told reuters that she would' never step foot on that plane again,' saying the fall had lasted' for what seemed like an eternity'.
islamic school al-taqwa college, in melbourne's outer suburbs, claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that principal omar hallak was discriminating against female students.	the age reported that the victorian registration and qualifications authority is currently investigating the allegations.	omar hallak, principal of islamic school al-taqwa college in melbourne, reportedly bans his female students from running.
federal judge has approved a plan to resolve concussion lawsuits brought by more than 5,000 former players that could cost the league $1billion over 65 years.	the deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field.	former philadelphia eagles fullback kevin turner suffers from lou gehrig's disease and led the lawsuit against the nfl.
buzzfeed is convinced that the social media superstar has been using facetune to edit her selfies - a £2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into' perfection'.	the £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into' perfection'.
austin hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin near his wimauma home last week.	he'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend.	hatfield's best friend jason belcher told bay news 9.	hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition.
lucas hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a' shots fired' call early on monday evening.	police in colorado have cited a 37-year-old man for carrying his computer into an alley then shooting it eight times with a handgun after what authorities said had been a long battle with the uncooperative machine.	investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months.
sid ahmed ghlam, named locally as sid ahmed ghlam, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers.	police found arabic documents mentioning isis and al qaeda at the it student's home, as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in syria' who clearly asked him to target a church.	sunday's arrest came just hours after the murder of aurelie chatelain, a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor, who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in a car park in the paris suburb.	investigators reportedly claim dna evidence links ghlam to her murder.
iranian girl's father has applied for a protection visa for his family.	she is now living in fear of being returned from a holding centre in darwin.	her family's asylum claim is processed, her lawyer says.
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk, including one that was used to fund a housing development in slovakia.	the vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages.	customers' from outside the eu are requesting women with eu passports.
maria - played by julie andrews, are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at nate d. sanders on april 30.	the costumes, which are being auctioned as one single lot, include a jumper and matching shorts set wore by debbie turner as marta, and a dress with princess sleeves that was worn by charmian carr as liesl.
samantha rawcliffe, 40, from morecambe, has been diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term to cover a range of neurological symptoms.	tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors can not explain.
european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to otherstates.	the european union launched a legal attack on gazprom on wednesday, stoking tensions with moscow as it accused the russian gas giant of overcharging buyers in eastern europe and hindering competition.	russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were' absolutely unacceptable'.
noaa fisheries in maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered.	they want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations.	ten of these will be' not at risk', two' threatened' and two still' endangered'.
ricky woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit.	but a court heard he was easily tracked down by police after he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes.
premier league club is the most popular according to twitter followers.	the map was created by looking at the official twitter accounts for each team.	fans can toggle the map to view their club's support worldwide.
scientists in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain' foreign dna'.	agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species.	this makes sweet potatoes a' natural genetically modified organism'.
gregg manderson, 68, of st paul, minnesota, first sought medical attention.	he got twinkle little star trapped inside his mind last may, setting off nearly twelve months of doctors his mind shuffling between tunes that are stuck on repeat.	he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years.
charlotte blakeway was discovered dead after having the seizure while at her home in shropshire.	her devastated mother elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer who was studying music and drama at sixth form and dreamed of becoming an actress.	she was studying film, performance, performance, english and sociology at shrewsbury sixth form college.
matthew riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at the roof gardens in kensington in august 2 last year.	today, the 29-year-old, from epsom in surrey, dressed in a smart pinstripe suit and blue tie, appeared at isleworth crown court.	judge martin edmunds qc told riches his trial would take place on august 10.
the man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue hyundai getz car on the bermagui to tathra road in the bega valley.	but on thursday evening 7 news captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police.	officers were shown chasing the man into bushland and over a fence before pouncing on him.
hillary rodham clinton got her budding presidential campaign's first targeted question about the deadly benghazi terror attacks in 2012.	the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington, d.c. after wrapping up a two-day new hampshire campaign trip.	mrs.	clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about benghazi?
hayley carney will marry a bride she has never met in order to fulfil a' lifelong dream' of becoming a british citizen.	she is preparing to move to the uk to marry with her fiancee identified only as anne, in plymouth, devon, later this year.	she added that she feels the nation is more accepting of' people like her'.
robbie knievel, 52, was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars.	officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.	knievel says knievel invoked his rights to an attorney but did n't give officers a name.	he received a suspended jail sentence and paid nearly $600 in fines.
don's owner tom hamilton was tending to a lamb when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank, on to the busy carriageway and into the central reservation barrier.	the tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road.	don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks.
two syrian men, aged 26 and 27, were among the 90 survivors of the tragedy.	their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in europe.	they are among the latest group of migrants to have safely reached land.	the same could n't be said for the 900 men, women and children.
dr christopher valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic.	his behaviour was branded ‘inappropriate’ but he was not struck off.	however, the married doctor has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his ipod touch during a night out.
william smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, marilyn buttigieg, then 44.	the couple, from crawley, west sussex, shared their first date and kiss in september 2005.	william, now 25, says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on marilyn - after being invited round to play computer games with her son.
ukip leader said' millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in europe over the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now.	experts warned that up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year unless the crisis is tackled.	up to 950 people are known to have survived the tragedy.
kim shillinglaw said clarkson' will be back' on the bbc, despite his very public sacking from top gear just last month.	the executive insisted there was' no ban on jeremy being on the bbc' and that the 54-year-old would return to the corporation once he had' had some time'.	it comes as ms shillinglaw revealed that clarkson's final moments on the motoring show would be aired this summer.
scientists at the university of southern california believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition.	they have identified a gene, named nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
kim richards stormed out of an interview with dr phil mcgraw after her arrest last week.	the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program.	richards, 50, was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting an officer and battery on a police officer.
university of illinois scientists have created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes (shown) in a disk.	it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes dramatically collide in a disk.	the video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape.
the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to it and will start burning again once it comes into contact with oxygen.	the stormproof matches are made by uco which has been making outdoor accessories for the past 44 years.	they include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads.
scientists have found that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped armoured plates to females (bottom).	it raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions, which could reach up to 2.5 feet, to attract a mate.	the research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled palaeontologists for decades.
laura smith has been charged with dui, child endangerment and public intoxication.	police say a witness noticed the girl driving smith's car with smith sitting in the passenger seat.	the witness, josh staten, said the noticed the vehicle and could n't believe his eyes.
gibson's confession was the first time she has spoken publicly since.	she told daily mail australia she feared for her family's safety.	her business empire destroyed and her online community in tatters.	gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness.
raquel d'apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating yelp reviews of newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today.	raquel, who posts the reviews on her humorous parenting blog the ugly volvo, told today that she came up with the idea of the parody posts after she was searching for something except babies.
yom hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before israel's independence day.	traffic stopped and israelis stood still by their cars in tel aviv when a siren marking a two-minute silence for memorial day is sounded.
historians have discovered a 1,900-year-old hangover cure written on an ancient egyptian papyrus.	one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a' drunken headache'.	text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant, also called ruscus racemosus, together and possibly wearing it around the neck.
graeme finlay, 53, accused of murdering husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship.	he confronted mr phillips and his wife june, 69, about their rudeness in ignoring him when he joined their table for dinner, court heard.	finlay said he only swung his arms to defend himself when mr phillips went for him with his crutch.	he claimed mr phillips threw a cup of cocoa in his face and hit him with the crutch when he demanded an apology.	he said he enjoyed going to musical shows and filled his time with excursions, but dinner could be a ‘ bit awkward’.
it has emerged that cetaphil is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain’s got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde.	dermatologistsis developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers.	she now relies on radio frequency energy facials (as well as more budget-friendly products such as cetaphil.
monica mcdermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her black lexus on a road in macclesfield, cheshire.	the mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on churchill way and had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car, a court heard.	mcdermott, now aged 41, pleaded guilty to drink driving at macclesfield magistrates' court.
rspca officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights.	the footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water.	one of the dogs ears had been bitten off.
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time.	in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars.	incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera.
gary glitter's youngest victims has broken her 10-year silence to speak for the first time as an adult of her appalling ordeal at the fallen idol's hands.	in a harrowing insight into the lifelong effects of the shamed glam rocker's catalogue of sickening attacks,' n' – who was just 11 when pervert glitter stole her childhood – told how she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse.	she was one of two young girls predator glitter was convicted of abusing when he lived in the seaside resort of vung tau in vietnam in 2006.
erik de vries, 24, and josephine egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up, after their father took erik and his twin brother maarten to belgium and their mother stayed with josephine in their native netherlands.	despite erik and maarten's best efforts to later track down their sister, it was only after erik moved back to the netherlands, joined tinder and swiped' right' on josephine's profile that they were reunited.
greg hardy was convicted by a judge last july of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, nicki holder.	hardy, who signed with the dallas cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season.	this comes almost one year after hardy, 25, was convicted by a judge in charlotte, north carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend nicki holder.	hardy was dropped by his previous team, the carolina panthers, because of these charges last season.
sir james munby says parents should use the' carrot and the stick' approach to getting their children to do things they do n't want to do.	mothers and fathers should use the ‘ carrot and the stick’ approach to make children do the things they find boring or difficult – from going to the dentist to doing their homework, sir james munby said.
apple watch 1 will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model.	apple watch gadget went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours.	apple is promoting the release with ads stating "you’re going to be amazed".
prime minister said labour had left millions trapped on welfare in a system which' punished the poor'.	he accused ed balls of having' some brass neck' by attacking the tories for failing the poor, adding:' do n't you dare lecture us on poverty'.
christopher starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt.	starrs, 53, invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation, and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims.
uk passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year.	low-cost carrier monarch that has seen the greatest increase in delays.	easyjet has n't fared much better, experiencing a 19 per cent increase in delays.
shanice farier, 22, from derby, earned a' decent salary' and received handouts from her father but that was n't enough for her expensive taste, the court heard.	she helped herself to money from kanoo travel in derby.	judge burgess chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work.	she was involved in handling different currencies for the firm but on 12 separate occasions she took money for herself.
alaskan husky, sarabi, escaped from handlers in anchorage but has been on the run for a month.	the three-year-old dog was spotted on april 15 near glenn highway and then again last friday near reverend tim carrick's united protestant presbyterian church before being caught on monday night.	carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture sarabi.
natali castellanos-tyler, 30, a married mother of three from chesterfield county, was returning home from a birthday party february 21 with her daughter, elisa, in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver ford explorer into a tree and died at the scene.	investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions.	elisa tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about the accident.
martin springall, 38, photographed his young daughter - who he wished not to be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi, japan, in july 2014.	he said he was living and working in tokyo, around an hour north, and wanted to send a picture' to my wife, who was at work'.
tracy walters, 48, died after her husband ian's husband veered off the m1.	church treasurer accused of killing his wife by deliberately smashing his 4x4 into a tree at 84mph has described their early sex life together as ‘dramatic’.	walters, who also worked as a driving test examiner, veered off the m1 on the way back from an unsuccessful ‘ make or break’ trip with his wife tracy.
barry selby, 54, lives with his dog in poole, dorset, eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery, which appears to be a profile of a human skull.	the 54-year-old said he was' shocked' to make the discovery, although it is not his first.
brett robinson, 32, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell at washington county jail six times in four months.	the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry, 39, who worked in a maximum security control room known as' the bubble', struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named - in a nearby cell.	robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at washing county jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket.
shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves describing it as' shocking', the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that' these are not all unique users'.	it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million.	but the corporation also retreated yesterday, toning down its coverage as the one million figure unravelled.
the 34-year-old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle.	he also worked out for an incredible six hours per day, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night.
actor bought the aston martin db4 cabriolet in 1962, shortly after winning a best supporting actor oscar for his role as batiatus in spartacus.	it was one of the fastest cars of the era so attracted interest from the rich and famous.
king felipe, 47, welcomed award-winning writer juan goytisolo to the casa real for a lunch in his honour.	today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the spanish queen, who last night found herself on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss courtesy of another prize-winning author.
nasa scientists completing a series of cryogenic tests on six james webb space telescope beryllium mirror segments.	the agency hopes to do this with the james webb space telescope, which will be 100 times more potent than hubble, and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang.	the telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble, and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang.
gambian footballer baboucarr ceesay was among the 900 migrants who died.	his aunt jessica sey, from cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation.	she said her nephew played first division football in the gambia.
david norris, 51, was jailed for 20 years for the attempted murder of his estranged wife.	the pair, whose marriage had broken down in august of that year, had arranged to meet up to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother on october 11 last year.	the pair pounced on his wife dionne in the graveyard of st nicholas church in southfleet, kent, as she was about to lay flowers first at the grave of the victim's mother, then at norris's grandmother's, as they did every year.	today he was sentenced at maidstone crown court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
male competitors on bear grylls' show the island had not eaten for two weeks.	it has been revealed that starving competitors on the survival show hunted and killed an endangered crocodile during filming after the show's bosses mistook it for a more common species.	it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile.
the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever.	this follows the first leg of the campaign, which launched earlier this month and starred models abbey clancy, 29, and alice dellal, 27, singer foxes, 25, and victoria's secret angel lily donaldson, 28.
food52's' not sad desk lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective, and delicious lunches to work.	food website food52 is a simple and delicious lunch which can be easily assembled in the office.
three men have today been arrested on suspicion of murdering chef claudia lawrence.	the body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009.	officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts.
the car, registered as btb 478a, is being sold at bonhams' aston martin sale in newport pagnell, buckinghamshire, on may 9.	but the restoration project will cost upwards of £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000 to return it to its former glory.
trooper abraham martinez was arrested for evading law enforcement, driving with an invalid license and possessing a prescription painkiller after he was found to be carrying two percocet pills.	troopers followed gaydos for nearly 40 miles at speeds of 130 mph before martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car, striking the man once in the thigh.	gaydos was arrested for three days without pay for the unconventional tactic.
traditionally known as a' naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads.	it is currently on display at the national museum of denmark in copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection.	traditionally known as a' naatsit', the underwear would have been sewn together by a woman, using strips of seal pelt.
micheal john duffy pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers, 33, whose decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre property, located near picton, south west of sydney.	in the opening statements of duffy's trial crown prosecutor elizabeth wilkins sc told the jury, that while his former partner, rachel evans, had willingly joined in.	he claimed his co-accused, evans, was the one who had a' twisted desire to kill'.	she was the ringleader and this accused [ duffy ] joined in.
harrison poe was best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston, texas, but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage.	tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
jerry moon's family only discovered the devastating blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag.	the body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was accidentally incinerated at dahl mcvicker funeral home in kelso, washington, washington.
charlesetta taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years.	she was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood.	the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency.
former ss sergeant described how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the nazi death camp.	he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder, related to a period between may and july 1944 when around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland and most immediately gassed to death.	eva kor and her twin sister miriam were among the 1,500 twins dr. josef mengele experimented on in auschwitz.
jesinta campbell says she shed tears with belle gibson at the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards last year.	but after gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses – following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire.	in a magazine interview, belle gibson has admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses.
health watchdog branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as' inadequate'.	but today the watchdog will upgrade this to' requires improvement' and publish a glowing report.	experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.	in extreme cases, the nervous system, joints and heart can be affected.	vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.
illini bluffs high school senior moriah nau, center right, embraces classmate jordan lowe thursday as they are both affected by the intensity of a simulated prom night accident.	the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving.	nau's brother, austin, died at age 17 in a 2011 non-alcohol-related automobile accident.
david jenkins' single-engine edge 360 plane above old buckenham airfield near attleborough, norfolk.	the man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed in front of horrified spectators this afternoon.	mr jenkins was a member of the wildcat aerobatic team based at old buckenham airfield.	he has been a regular competitor at uk aerobatics competitions, winning over 40 medals.
rolly robinson, from the blog beauty high, stars in theunique makeover clip.	sees him transform himself into a kylie jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and - of course - the infamous lip suction cup.	to make himself over as' america's sweetheart', rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics.
rep steve knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his simi valley office last friday.	he was accosted by a group of activists rallying against amnesty for undocumented immigrants.	the heated exchange between knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video.	knight is approached by a man who introduces himself as' mike' and proceeds to shake the lawmaker's hand at lenght.
snp leader alex salmond was caught boasting in secret footage.	secret footage showed the former first minister, who is bidding to become an mp, mocking labour after it slapped down its scottish leader jim murphy, who claimed he would' check his top pocket'.	mr salmond declared to cheers at a fundraising event.
peter's father penned a letter to health conscious michelle obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough.	peter criticizes the first lady for america's lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine.	he also suggests that the united states bomb syria.
carole middleton is busy promoting her party firm’s baby-shower goodies.	mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday, recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be.	mrs middleton started party pieces at home more than 25 years ago and its success has made her a multi-millionaire.
ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his family history.	after appearing on finding your roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by dailymail.com, a request the producers ultimately agreed to.	today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook.
emergency responders came onboard skywest flight 5622 after it made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york.	frightened passengers held their heads and prayed as flight 5622, operating as a united express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york.	when the plane landed, skywest initially claimed that the aircraft landed' out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.	mary cunningham, a nurse, was on board the flight assisted one passenger who passed out, getting her oxygen.
chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time.	rumors that some researchers have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to' select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
ursula ward, the mother of odin lloyd, is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against him and her lawyer said the former new england patriots player will be called to testify at the trial.	hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract, was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17, 2013.
bounkham' bou' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident.	his family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million.	the settlement is n't enough to cover the continued medical care bou bou will require as he gets older, buzzfeed reports that the family's settlement does not preclude continued litigation.
christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn but completed only two-thirds of a mile of the 1.8-mile waterway.	he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water's pollution because the experience was like' swimming' in a dirty diaper'.	swain, who has previously swam the hudson and columbia rivers, said that cleanup of the gowanus canal, which was labelled as a superfund site by the epa, should be accelerated.
ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven behind labour.	ukip now trail the tories by 18 per cent and labour by 7 per cent.	tonight's survey is the latest in a string of polls showing ukip's support being squeezed by labour the tories.
lord tebbit launched an astonishing attack on david cameron claiming the pm has never had a proper job before entering politics unlike winston churchill, clement attlee or even aneurin bevan.	lord tebbit also suggested tory voters north of the border vote tactically for labour.
carol chandler, 53, was a pupil at top independent school st paul’s in barnes, south west london, during the 1980s.	she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985.	chandler appeared at southwark crown court in a mint green wool skirt suit, black court shoes and silver jewellery.
isis released the disturbing photographs on the frontline of fighting in the countryside outside the rebel-held city of aleppo, the photos show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot.	the new isis photographs show the activists just moments before he was shot at point blank range.	images of the media activist's brutal execution were released by isis' halab media centre.
rebecca grant, 40, was responding to reports that an apparently drunk woman was walking in and out of traffic and laying in the road on saturday afternoon.	police in limington, maine, had been responding to reports an apparently drunk woman abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her id and found that she was out on bail.	grant was charged with violating her bail conditions and criminal mischief for causing $500 in damage to the cruiser.
denmark has finally passed a law banning bestiality in an attempt to crack down on perverts visiting the country to have sex with animals.	the nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists taking advantage of its lax regulations.
joseph o'riordan, 76, left his wife mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity.	but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, nick gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.	mr gunn started an affair with mrs o'riordan last year and had attended the queen's garden party in 2013 for o'riordan's work on the diamond jubilee celebrations.
lord janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home to his children.	his flat, in a gated community near hampstead heath, north london, was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in march last year.	the revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former labour mp for child abuse.
emily, 25, from shropshire, gets paid £100 an hour - but it's unlikely you've seen her face.	she's on course to become a hand supermodel after her high-earning hands featured in product videos for bosch.
isabelle hyart lovingly touched the small white coffin of her daughter chloe as it was taken down to the waiting hearse.	mourners gathered at st peter's in northern france today where huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the packed church.	pall bearers carry the coffin of chloe, who was killed by zbigniew huminsk, sparked a national outpouring of grief in france.
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal promised to give each of the 100 pilots involved in the yemen air strikes, as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop.	saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels, who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government.	prince talal, the saudi king abdullah's nephew, has reportedly promised to give each of the pilots involved in the air strikes a bentley.
the woman, who did not want to be identified, told a bbc documentary that airs tonight that she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by is.	she was lucky to escape from the is capital raqqa in syria where she said women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother.
one in five admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night.	things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear, hair removal cream, personal hygiene products, medication... and action figures.
nigel farage has admitted that he has a' preference' for australian immigrants over eastern europeans and somalians.	the bbc presenter said he had to' confess' that he was happier accepting migrants from commonwealth countries such as australian and india because they could speak english and understood britain's legal system.	mr farage demanded that refugees fleeing to europe across the mediterranean are sent back.
abu khaled al-cambodi, an australian is militant, has starred in a propaganda video.	he has ordered his' beloved brothers' to' rise up' and attack targets in australia.	al-cambodi is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of australian militants for the islamic state.
brewing filter coffee at home and are perfect for catching oily sediment from your cup of java.	but these lint-free, tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many situations, too.	here femail has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers.
susan monica was found guilty on tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span.	she was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison.	prosecutors said stephen delicino, 59, was killed in 2012 and robert haney, 56, died in 2013.	she admitted to shooting haney when she found him being attacked by her pigs in 2013, but jurors did n't buy the story.
angelina jolie has said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes' remains an obstacle for many women'.	the actress, who underwent a double mastectomy in 2013, was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $3,000 (£2,000).	it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2, along with 17 other markers, all are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer.
tv celebrity dr mehmet oz released a videotaped message previewing a special episode of his daytime talk show thursday.	oz, 54, says he will not let the 10 doctors who launched a campaign last week to try and get him fired from columbia university silence him.	the show released a 25-second teaser clip to cnn money featuring a part of oz's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode.
vincent stanford, 24, is accused of murdering ms scott, 26, on easter sunday and dumping her body in bushland, just days before she was set to wed fiance aaron leeson-woolley.	mr stanford's mother anika met with leeton mayor paul maytom last thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation, fairfax media reported.	cr maytom told the publication after speaking to ms stanford.
london mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands.	prime minister tried out what could be a new election slogan.	but they hit trouble after it proved to be more difficult than expected.
waitress has revealed how the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland.	the waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called rosie in parnell, east of auckland.	mr key defended his pranks as' a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions, stuff.co.nz reports.
vit jedlicka, 31, is a member of the czech republic's conservative party of free citizens.	the land making up the so-called' micronation' was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula which split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s.	mr jedlicka says citizens living in' liberland' will be able to set their own individual rate of tax, as well as drawing up their own property and personal rights.
amy schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of kim kardashian and kanye west on tuesday as the couple took to the red carpet at the time 100 event at the lincoln center in nyc.	the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york.
david healy, head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatric unit in bangor, north wales, said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact.	he suggested that the success of so-called ssri drugs was based on the ‘ marketing of a myth’.
tianwen chen, 65, and his wife gairen guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the roadside and gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural china.	the couple, who live outside of yuanping city, found their first child - a baby girl - on the side of the road one day in 1989 and carried her home, despite not having much to live on themselves.
prince william, dutiful fellow that he is, has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave.	his wife the duchess of cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days’ time, at which point the prince, having been excused from training with east anglia air ambulance, will roll up the sleeves of his viyella shirt and tell his beloved as she lies, exhausted, on her maternity hospital bed:' o duchess of my dreams, i am at your beck and call'.
manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes, their light and laser procedure will leave your skin' glowing'.	but that has n't stopped skin-obsessed new yorkers from flocking to the manhattan location.
jackson byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on wednesday.	his mother rhonda byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his gofundme page to help fun the crucial $80,000 operation.
dr. george nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager in a cemetary.	he was visiting his wife's grave at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis.	after allegedly being attacked by a snowbrush on sunday, a bloodied nagobads managed to get back in his car and drive away.	nagobads was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator.	it is the highest suspended hotel room in the world, overlooking the arabian gulf.	there are also in-room spa facilities, including two treatment beds, a sauna and a jacuzzi.
colin gilpatric, an aspiring jedi knight, was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry, as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead jedis to the' dark side'.	desperate for a solution, colin, who has autism, went directly to the man in charge: star wars director and writer mr lucas.
nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the cps's decision not to prosecute lord janner for child abuse.	the cps has been accused of double standards for not prosecuting lord janner after it emerged at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences.
ed miliband has insisted he does not live in a' mansion'.	mr miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month' mansion tax' on homes worth more than £2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one.	mr miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north london home.
joanessa clawson, 35, husband james clawson, 38, and patti ann baldassarre, 68, all face felony conspiracy charges.	gofundme page, which has now been removed, is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the clawson family.
sgt.	daniel knapp received a rifle tattoo on his forearm to commemorate his previous deployment.	the marine corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that knapp has fallen foul of.	despite having several tattoos while he was in the marines, it is the one he got on his forearm after he left – a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen.
stephanie scott's fiance aaron leeson-woolley was sitting between ms scott's parents merrilyn and robert, wearing a yellow flower pinned to his shirt.	among the mourners were her fiance and partner aaron leeson-woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow pinned to his shirt, her mother merrilyn, father robert, and her siblings.	hundreds of yellow balloons were released by those attending stephanie scott's funeral in central-west nsw on wednesday.
phoebe jo chapman, 42, was booked on three counts of sexual assault - one count for each victim.	police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys.	investigators say there were still attending lowndes high school when the alleged sexual encounters occurred.
jonah willow, 12, drew a chess match with a russian grandmaster four times his age.	cherniaev was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of his son's moves.	jonah was third overall, qualifying for the british chess championships.
stacey dooley poses with blocks of densely-packed cannabis which have been intercepted by officials (centre and right) at south africa's o r tambo international airport.	swazi gold is grown in the tiny south african sovereign state of swaziland, where the climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana.	farmers - many of them' grannies' whose children have died and who are now in charge of providing for their grandchildren - have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination.
ganjendra singh, 41, hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest over land rights after telling onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children.	seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at ram manohar lohia hospital.
geraldine jones, 36, was asleep in the indiana apartment she shared with her boyfriend and newborn daughter when the doorbell rang on april 6.	police say jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal fleming's daughter, serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy.
ronan ghosh, 39, stole £200 worth of meat and wine from tesco store.	the company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million, lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two bmws.	but a court heard that he was caught shoplifting after heading to a tesco store following an argument with his girlfriend.	ghosh initially elected trial by jury but he pleaded guilty to theft.
the supermarket's clothing brand f & f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market.	it is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten.	comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit.
more than five million foreigners travelling on short term visas are expected to be issued to students, tourists and workers this year.	more than five million visas are expected to be issued to students, tourists and workers this year to come to australia - the biggest amount since world war ii.
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months.	one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call.	details emerged in a report broadcast last night by itv news, which has seen copies of the civil aviation authority’s safety reports.
marcus copeland, 44, was told he faces jail after conning a bank into giving him the money for it.	he was once named best mortgage broker in the midlands and wales.	admitted two counts of fraud by lying to abbey national about the profitability of his business to secure the £847,000 loan in march 2007.
sally lutkin, 49, had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week after a botched tattoo.	when sally lutkin decided to have her grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg, she imagined ending up with a beautiful, life-long reminder of her loved ones.	but the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and could n't walk, forcing her to rush to a & e.	doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone.
national front leader marine le pen says it shows that her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic.	in an interview before a dinner in honour of the time 100 ion new york on tuesday, the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration front spoke of representing a' great political force'.	le pen snr, who founded national front in 1972, infuriated his daughter with a series of racist and anti-semitic remarks.
fiona steane is 50 with 3ft long hair, melanie brown is 60 and has 4ft long hair and vanessa thorpe is 40 with 2ft 10in of hair.	she lives in london with her husband of 20 years, christopher, 48, a banker, and their 17-year-old daughter, amelia.
the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as jennifer aniston and gwyneth paltrow.	but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress? secret support.
fire boat massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade in 1940 and transported to dunkirk to help with the evacuation of allied troops in the face of the nazi advance.	volunteers are now hoping to transport the massey shaw back to dunkirk to celebrate its amazing achievement.
biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself.	they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip.	the image on the left taken of skin cells healing a wound using an electron microscope show how cells on opposing sides interlock together in a similar way to a zipper used on clothes.
controversial surgeon sergio canavero plans to perform the first ever human head transplant.	he confirmed that he hopes to operate on his first patient, a russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease.	said he will carry out the procedure in china if he is banned from doing so in the eu or former soviet union.
blake says:' losing weight is not something i have spent much time focusing on.	' she has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities.	she said:' your body goes through a lot after pregnancy and birth'.
shirley temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her' emotionally unstable' during her fbi background check.	he told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would' overreact if she did n't get her way'.	he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much.	temple's first husband who married at 17 and divorced in 1950 at the age of 22.
latasha gosling, 27, of tisdale, saskatchewan, and two daughters, janyaa, 4, and her son landen, 7, were discovered early wednesday.	the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide.	police have yet to release much information at this time, only saying that the suspect and victim did know one another.
labour leader ed miliband is getting a small taste of what it might be like to be a member of one direction.	the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the may 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician.	led by twitter user @ twcuddleston, an as levels student who appears to be a genuine labour supporter.
stewart brand, president of the long now foundation and editor of the earth catalogue, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful.	instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.	this chart shows the increase in marine biodiversity from the fossil record and the five mass extinction events.
youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street and offered you money, what would you do? that is the question being posed in a new youtube video by entertainer yousef saleh erakat, who disguised himself as a homeless man and found out that the answer was often less than kind.	erakat said he wanted to' flip the script'.
scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights in first class.	the think progress reporter reveals his travel hacks in his ebooks how to fly for free and how to find cheap flights.	keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles.
thames bath lido, which will sit near blackfriars bridge, should open with backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project.	plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist tracy emin and david walliams.
james boase, landlord of the coppa dolla pub in broadhempston, devon had been drinking with a friend in torquay on march 13, 2014.	the 36-year-old publican told torquay magistrates' court that the last thing he could remember was going to bed at approximately 12.30am and then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a car crash.	mr boase claimed that he went to bed around 12.30am and must have been sleep walking.
twitter users are attempting to give the somewhat uninspiring party leader a makeover.	these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve.	miliband's poll ratings have shown him to be a consistently unpopular leader.
shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer.	she will make her first appearance on april 30, just before the nfl draft, just before the nfl draft.	smith, 56, will head to hawaii and be with oregon quarterback marcus mariota for a feature that will air prior to the draft.
elvis presley bought both planes in 1975.	it means tourists will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets, which are to form a new, separate museum about the dead singer.	graceland visitors can currently buy a ticket that includes a tour of presley's home-turned-museum and the interiors of the two planes.
kate roberts, 24, noticed her son miles had a slightly different shaped head when he was born, and at three months, he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as' flat head syndrome'.	doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the nhs does not pay for treatment.	parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day.
former police officers rene, robert, center, and david, right, discuss marijuana while smoking from a bong in a new video produced by cut.	each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong, before offering their thoughts, both funny and thoughtful, on the controversial substance.	robert, 73, who served as a reserve police officer from 1997 to 2004, says he smoked for the first time at the age 14.
gulam chowdhury, 24, quoted verses from the quran before stabbing mohammed yasser afzal 20 times in the east london mini cab office.	court heard that nargis riaz, 22, was terrified that mr afzal would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict imam.	chowdhury told ms riaz, a second year law student at city university, the attack was justified in islam claiming:' cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife'.
aaron siler, 26, was fatally shot after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14.	torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting.	siler's family and friends have called the billboard' disrespectful' and said it should be taken down.
portugal's first wine hotel is built into a hill, providing sweeping views of porto and the douro river from the indoor pool and guest rooms.	guests arrive at the yeatman they set foot in a stunning lobby with a statue of bacchus, the roman god of wine.
tom mctevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington, 45, near an overlook at lake pend oreille in bonner county on sunday.	when the group stopped for a photograph around noon, mctevia's atv got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses said.	a firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge, fire rescue said.
king goodwill zwelithini blamed for sparking outbursts of xenophobic violence.	it was just a couple of years ago that king goodwill zwelithini said foreigners should' pack their belongings' and leave - labelled homosexuals as' rotten'.	zwelithini traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women's rights and hiv/aids campaigners.
nye' joined president barack obama today for an earth day excursion'.	white house said tuesday that nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children,' bill nye the science guy,' would make the trek today.	nye told press it was his first time on the president's private jet, but he once rode af2 with former vice president al gore.
grey and white cat marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between owner brendon veale's garage and his neighbours in hanham, bristol.	rspca were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap and eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free.
philip garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the welsh ambulance service.	he was caught by a police camera doing the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful suzuki motorbike.	he pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to avoid a driving ban.
stanford computer science student lea coligado, 21, features talented women in the tech industry, such as postmates exec sara mauskopf, on her blog humans of new york.	blog has attracted attention from the best in the business, including women-in-tech advocate tracy chou, a software engineer at pinterest.
major general allen batschelet says 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy.	batschelet warns that current trends mean as many as half of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade.
the australian vaccination skeptics network, an anti-vaccinations lobby group, posted an image to their facebook page on thursday which shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture.	the tag line on the image read,' forced penetration.	really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor.	do you really need" control over over your own choices?
teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men.	she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan, uttar pradesh's mathura district, to relieve herself.	on tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene, according to a neighbour.
researchers are based on a study of about 95,000 young people.	some of the elder children had autism and some did not.	numerous studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the mmr vaccine and autism.
the brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon - the first in europe - as a mark of the town's pride for its gay community.	but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer's.	councillors told the proud2be group, which has launched the campaign, to go away and seek further medical advice.
colin hendry appears at blackpool magistrates' court where he admitted a drink driving charge.	hendry, 49, rowed with his then girlfriend sarah kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving through lytham st annes, lancashire.	police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home.
the irs' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services.	for those who were n't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person.	many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday.
ahmed hassan-sule, 21, was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment.	mohamed saleh, 22, was imprisoned for four years and nine months.	court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media.
a social media staffer to donald trump retweeted an off-color jab at hillary clinton on thursday before the boss deleted it.	trump, a multibillionaire who's considering a presidential run, will be in new hampshire on saturday – where the episode will likely come up.	bill clinton was a famous lothario during his presidency, even carrying on one affair with a white house intern.
a georgia state trooper works the scene of a deadly crash in southeast georgia.	authorities said began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic.	those killed were traveling on interstate 16 near savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash.	all five of the dead were nursing students at georgia southern university in statesboro.
davion navar henry only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.	he stood before his florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
a generous double room in peckham, south-east london, close to amenities and a stone's thrown from public transport into the city.	flat hunters hoping for a bargain in this modern flat in between the newly desirable areas of peckham and new cross.
judge john koeltl said in a decision made public tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the first amendment.	he said he was sensitive to the metropolitan transportation authority's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting jewish people.	koeltl also noted that the mta and chairman thomas prendergast' underestimate the tolerant quality of new yorkers'.
the hole opened up on earl street, northampton, at about 2pm on thursday.	police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole, which is about eight foot wide.	police quickly closed off earl street, causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water.
delta said' a small number of customers' on flight 271 from paris to newark airport in new jersey complained of nausea and possible minor injuries.	two people were taken to massachusetts general hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries.	delta said it felt like' king kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow'.
each four seasons set out to recreate their famed hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern travellers.	with the recent unveiling of their brand new private jet, they appear to be on the right track to achieve exactly that.
brad pitt and angelina jolie are in no danger of having to endure a night at the holiday inn.	as one of the most famous duos in the world, it's not surprising the globe-trotting pair have expensive tastes.	but the couple, whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits, often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation.
boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at bennett elementary in bennett, colorado last week.	his mother, who was only identified as alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his std testing.
ed miliband will today pledge to ‘ restore britain's commitment’ to the eu and other international groups such as the united nations.	he will pledge to embrace the eu in a bid to secure reforms.	he was a foreigner thought to have been born in turkey.
the first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of boston gangster james' whitey' bulger was released thursday.	the trailer was one of several warner bros screen at cinemacon on thursday, and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day.	johnny depp plays the notorious criminal in the film.
waitress told the new zealand herald that she felt mr key's behaviour was inappropriate.	the 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by prime minister john key.	mr key defended his pranks as' a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive, but end up being just the opposite.	one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day.
belle gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness.	she founded the whole pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded.	appearances are reality—and seeing is believing.
new report claims ivan milat, australia's most notorious serial killer, could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers.	revelation includes first-hand evidence from milat's older brother, boris, into the killer's' secret victim'.
patrick james fredricksen, 30, has been booked into emery county jail.	he had already used the bus's on-board list of children's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl.	he is also expected to face a charge of damaging a prison after breaking a sprinkler pipe inside his cell and flooding the booking area.
masood mansouri, 33, from saltney, flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault.	but instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends, it is alleged the 33-year-old drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her.	judge raj shetty told the jury that the woman’s suicide made the case ‘unusual’ but stressed that it should not affect their judgment.
a bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in furen in japan.	the animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in furen in japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch.
michael david ikeler, 36 - seen here in previous booking photos from 2013.	investigators had released cctv footage of the car - a white nissan altima - from the crime scene at the self-serve carwash in gardena on april 2.	police say the key to tracking down the suspect, michael david ikeler, was a tip from his observant neighbor, who noticed ikeler altering the appearance of his car.
institute for fiscal studies said ed miliband's' vague' promise to balance the books would allow labour to borrow £90billion more than the tories by 2020.	this would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade.
kimberley donoghue, 28, from ponthenri near carmarthen, was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding.	the 28-year-old was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit to take her vows, after falling down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding.	kimberley says she' would n't change it for the world, well, maybe not the broken leg'.
asian-american rock band the slants say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur, can not trademark the name because it is disparaging, a u.s. appeals court ruled on monday.	the ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the national football league's washington redskins should lose its trademarks.
tom sturridge has been best known as the long-haired hipster who finally tamed sienna miller.	the 29-year-old actor, who counts robert pattinson and andrew garfield among his best friends, could be set to become more famous than his a-list fiancee.
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and is offering a $20,000 reward for information about patel's whereabouts.	the body his wife, palak bhadreskumar patel, was found on april 12 at a hotel near newark international airport shortly after his wife was killed on april 12.	patel is to believed to have beat his wife, palak bhadreskumar patel, to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain.
the unnamed woman, from the sunshine coast, found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant coles in caboolture, north of brisbane on wednesday.	she pushed the trolley up the escalator before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner and was hitching a ride to the store.	sunshine coast snake catchers 24/7 richie gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
channel 4 news presenter krishnan guru-murthy tried to ask the actor robert downey jr about his personal life.	the american star is in london to promote his new film avengers avengers: age of ultron but became aggravated when the chat took a turn for the personal.
ashton taylor, 21, from perth was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in july 2013, said not even an apology from gibson would cut it for her.	her comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer.	gibson was named the social media star of the year cosmopolitan fun awards in 2014.
ashley stewart and his wife felicity found a baby male kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013.	they had no idea that the little joey would quickly become part of their family.	his unique behaviour began when mr stewart decided to drive down to a dam on the couple's property in wittenoom hills, 60 kilometres from esperance, and loaded lilly, a golden retriever, and rosie, on their farm in esperance, western australia.
high rise holiday resort benidorm, dating to the 1960s, wants the same recognition as other' world wonders' like stonehenge, the taj mahal and the great wall of china.	they believe the high rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s deserves the same recognition as other' world wonders' like stonehenge, the taj mahal and the great wall of china.
deborah roberts, 53, forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow's mouth in an attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital.	she also poured water over the dementia patient, telling other staff:' my son said if they do it to you, you can do it to them'.	roberts was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two-day trial.
parliamentary candidate rupa huq says she felt no shame in accepting a £1,000 donation from tony blair, despite campaigning heavily against the iraq war.	mr blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in target seats across the country in march.
the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection, and started at about 1pm, mlive reported.	a strip club named the body shop used to be located in flint, michigan, on wednesday.
alice smellie asked industry experts to find out if it’s vital to buy new supplies for summer.	but a recent survey revealed that almost three-quarters of uk holidaymakers are at risk of uv exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream.
the pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons.	the pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons.	west midlands police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair and bring them to justice.
dolphins defensive tackle aj francis has sent an application to taxi app uber as he wants to be a driver during the off-season to earn extra cash.	the 6ft 5in, 330lb nfl player is a regular user of the taxi app and yesterday told fans that he had sent them a job application, explaining' it would be a cool way to get some extra cash'.	francis plans to work for the $40billion taxi firm during the sport's off-season.
militants fighting for boko haram in west africa have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi.	the images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles.	slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official isis releases.
albert davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses.	when he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey which had been valued at £4.25million.	but before he died in 2011, he and his second wife penny ann davison, 59, fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years.	lord justice patten, lord justice briggs and lady justice king, sitting at london's appeal court, seeking to boost her slice to more than £1million.
dash cam footage emerged last week which showed marana police officer michael rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect mario valencia.	the video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero.	police have since spoken out in defense of rapiejko's actions in the town of marana, arizona.
a zoo in ohio is celebrating the' miracle' birth of three tiger cubs after it was feared their mother's biological clock had stopped ticking.	keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had mated before but never conceived.	however, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets.
hillary clinton was helping approve russia's purchase of us uranium production.	part of it will involve the bill, hillary and chelsea clinton foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
brendan cordina drove for four days to find his grandfather's medals.	the 36-year-old found the medals in the northern territory and drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures.	medals include an airforce cross, war medal 39-45 star, a queen elizabeth ii coronation medal and others.
evnika saadvakass, from kazakhstan, became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old when she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes.	the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead in the beeston area of leeds last month.	the unidentified victim will speak out in tonight's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams.	west yorkshire police have released a new e-fit of an attacker who left a teenager for dead after a savage attack at a bus stop.
yamini karanam, 26, a student at indiana university, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations.	surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be a tumour in her brain were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin, complete with bone, hair and teeth.
barry bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court.	his reputation remains tainted in the mind of many baseball fans.	ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution.
the australian government has won its bid to ban the boss of the nation's biggest bikie gang from australia after the federal court ruled unanimously against alex vella re-entering the country.	vella has painted himself as a nelson mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle, pay all court costs.	the decision strands vella in malta, leaving behind in australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother.
google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month.	the service, called' project fi,' debuted today, about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones.	google is leasing space on cellular towers built by sprint and t-mobile.
the alarm failed at the former president's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014.	it took until december for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months.	it came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm, which was installed in 1993, be replaced because it' had exceeded its life cycle'.
three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering chef claudia lawrence.	the three men are in their 50s are all from the york area, police say.	ms lawrence was 35 when she vanished on march 18, 2009.
study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc).	the research claims that natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates.	but it adds that these so-called' climate wiggles' could also, cause our planet to warm up much faster than anticipated.
experts say the rise in the number of reported rapes and sexual offences was due to high profile historic cases like jimmy savile's.	nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, an increase of 2 per cent from 2013.	experts say the rise was also due to police recording complaints more accurately after accusations of' fiddling' figures to meet targets.
the australian air transport safety bureau released its report on wednesday into the' wheels up landing' on december 12, 2014 at jabiru airport, southeast of darwin.	the pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft, registered vh-tbe, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers.	the pilot also reported that the children on board were' excited and a little disruptive' during the flight.
marissa holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from popeyes after an armed robber made off with $400 on her shift says she has been offered her job.	the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31, however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen, with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time.	now popeyes have offered to take holcomb back and have offered her $2,000 in backpay.
kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days.	she is currently preparing to give birth to her second child.	william's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as prince george.
memorial site today urged potential visitors to book visits online ahead of time to prevent that from happening.	memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to ensure entry.	visitors are now advised to book ahead inorder to avoid congestion inside the former nazi concentration camp.
ben thurlow attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in driffield, east yorkshire.	the 23-year-old, who was suffering from a suspected concussion, shoved ms hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance while he was taken to hull royal infirmary.	but on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked ms hudson by knocking her over.
carrie reichert claims she shared a' hot, deep kiss' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt' overdressed' when she saw him playing strip billiards.	she says she could n't help but notice how' adorably cute his naked a** was', the sun reported.	ms reichert claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in the penthouse suite of the wynn hotel in august 2012.
sir david walker defended the decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses.	the scandal-hit lender faced criticism from long-suffering investors, many of them pensioners, at its annual general meeting in london.	shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds.
gareth blanks was attacked as he walked back from the shops near his home in truro, cornwall.	when he tried to retrieve the garment, he was pushed to the ground, and one of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head.	mr blanks is now recovering at his home in truro, cornwall, but his family say it will take him a long time to recover.
jamie jewitt, 24, and henry rogers, 22, admit that when they were in their teens, their self-esteem was at rock bottom.	before he made his foray into modelling, henry, reached eighteen stone at his heaviest.	he was keen to pursue a career in rugby, which was his passion.
flights company just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world.	there are a variety of reasons these cities have earned their unique monikers.	some nicknames come from terms journalists have used to describe the city.
romanian company mb telecom has revealed the roboscan 2m aeria.	it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes (shown) and look inside.	the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
tesco announced record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday.	families no longer want to do a big, weekly shop in a soul-less hypermarket.	tesco has agreed to pump an extra £270million a year into its staff pension scheme.
wesley burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host in berkeley, california, was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury.	the crash occurred near the berkeley-oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot.	emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures, but burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home.
sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear.	the leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of nike products with punishments ranging from a fine to whipping or even imprisonmen.
four burly cops put their new york city vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night.	the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway, dna info reports, and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train.	mr asberg, along with erik naslund, samuel kvarzell, makrus åsberg, 25, and eric jansberger, 28, said they were just answering the call of duty.
nick clegg's wife miriam gonzalez durantez today claimed right-wing tories probably want to kick her out of the country.	the spanish lawyer said she had been' religiously paying taxes' in the uk for 10 years.	it comes after mr clegg warned the' bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an' increasingly hapless conservative leadership'.
bulgaria's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece.	resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink.
donald allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett, 25.	the video shows a police officer in sand springs, oklahoma, fatally shooting a man.	barnett, 25. then shoots allen dead after he pointed a gun at him earlier this month as been released.
james rebanks studied at the university of oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district.	he is seen here with his sheep on his farm outside of penrith in cumbria.	the book has filled in most of the gaps in my education, without any 4.30am alarm calls.
janice baker kinney, marcella tate, and autumn burns held a press conference on thursday morning in los angeles, california.	their attorney gloria allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.	bill cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of stops on his comedy tour.
kelsey belnap and allison huguet were among the five women profiled by author jon krakauer fopr his new book about sexual assault at the university of montana at missoula.	miss belnap allegedly had been gang-raped by four college football players, but they were never charged.	jon krakauer argued that rape is this huge problem, 80 per cent of rapes are unreported.
chelsea clinton defended her family philanthropy on thursday in new york.	the bill, hillary and chelsea clinton foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the state department.	clinton, the daughter of former u.s. president bill clinton and presumptive democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton, spoke during an event on women and girls at the council on foreign relations in new york city.
eloise parry, 21, was the latest of a string of young people to fall victim to the chemical 2,4-dinitrophenol, known as dnp.	ella,' burned up from the inside, after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol, or dnp.	after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
chinese designers have developed an contraption called the bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel.	when ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer.	chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising (above).
thenga adams, 70, arrived on a flight from georgetown, guyana to jfk.	when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000.	adams now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges for the drugs allegedly found in his sneakers.
the strange-looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders.	he is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born, in narnaul, northern india.
kate brower, an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house, became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching downton abbey.she set about interviewing the staff, who number at least 100, to build up a comparable picture of the american version of upstairs, downstairs.
aimee craven, of hull, was accused of trying to shield the tesco clothes horse.	she claimed the tesco product worth £20 and taken it home after spotting it on a train the previous week - because she thought it had been left by its owner.	british transport police officers trawled through cctv footage to track down the 32-year-old care worker before taking her off a train as she travelled to work in brough.	miss craven was asked by british transport police to go for questioning at their offices at hull paragon.
prime minister as' a day to be celebrate all that makes england great', st george's day takes place on april 23 every year.	veteran parades and morris men were seen draped in flags cheering them on.
brett robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct, on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year.	robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect.
all three of the main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary to send their children to a private school in glasgow.	two of his three children go to a state primary school in north london.	he also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
florida mom kristina bewley started taking her daughter giselle to disney world in september 2014.	each time the family visits, giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother kristina.	kristina told today that her photos have been extremely well received.
nigel farage's ukip insist st george would have been welcomed to britain.	he was a foreigner born in turkey.	but ukip has insisted st george would have been welcomed by ukip.
the 50-foot whale was still on the pacifica state beach on wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before.	before the tide came in, beachgoers took photos of where' east bay rats motorcycle club' was on the whale.	it's unclear how the whale died but it does n't appear to have broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma.
people lay candles by the sea in valetta, malta, an equally emotional memorial service was taking place in front of rome's verano cemetery.	un said that 23,500 migrants had sailed to italy this year in addition to 12,000 who had sailed to greece.	but an emergency meeting of eu leaders in brussels today will announce that only 5,000 refugees who survive the perilous journey will be granted safe haven in europe and the rest will be sent back.
drill was used by thieves during £60million hatton garden heist.	gang stole 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of gems.	police are offering £20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest.
a black woman, tyus byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate randall ramsey.	six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd won, according to multiple reports.	tyus byrd, who is black, was recently elected mayor.	cohen alleged in the interview with the news outlet that she and medley feared for their safety, and their home addresses had been shared online by byrd's family.
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 hillsborough disaster.	photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released, with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward.	police say the' unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the victims' families.
lizzi crawford, 32, tipped the scales at 20 stone when she overheard the young bus passenger ask his mum:' has she got a baby in her belly?' the embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six, from stoke-on-trent, mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle and shed the pounds.	lizzi had reached a size 24 dress after living on a diet of burgers, pizzas and kebabs.
bill gates, the billionaire founder of microsoft and philanthropist, has said it may in fact be possible to keep eating meat and still care for the planet.	he also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated.	instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the world's growing population.
vestiaire collective is hoping for, as they put a hermes bag on their site.	the rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store.	the brand has a strong heritage with a controlled supply, which makes it highly desirable for stylish women.
the european parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic beverages must include calorie counts on their labels.	european winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs, and hit smaller vineyards.
mary doyle keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on tuesday after a brief illness, her family said.	mary became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for norman rockwell's iconic painting.	rosie the riveter was on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29, 1943, and became a symbol for feminism and economic power for american female workers.
paul armstrong, 26, pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun, a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage.	but after a spending spree on the trip, armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch, extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage.	armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons.
bbc has been accused of launching a left-wing stitch-up on david cameron.	listeners commenting on twitter accused the programme of ‘ leftist hostility’ and branded the interview ‘appalling’.	prime minister was asked to rule out a deal with northern ireland’s dup because of its policies towards lesbian and gay people.
adam gadahn, a former little leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for osama bin laden, was born in 1978 in oregon as adam pearlman.	he converted to islam at the age of 17, grew up and was home-schooled on a goat farm in riverside county, california.	gadahn's father, a musician in california, changed his name from pearlman to gadahn in the 1970s.
george osborne warned of a' dangerous cocktail' if ed miliband is at the mercy of snp leader nicola sturgeon.	osborne claimed it would spark a' constitutional crisis' if scottish nationalist mps held the balance of power in the uk government.
bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran could face a firing squad within days after indonesian officials sent letters ordering that preparations be made for their executions.	indonesia's head of general crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including australians chan and sukumaran on thursday.	authorities in indonesia give death row prisoners and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed.
rand paul's eldest son william paul, 22, was cited for a dui on sunday in lexington, kentucky but not arrested.	paul was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car, in lexington, kentucky, according to police.	witnesses said paul was' revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck, reported kentucky.com.	paul, a senior at the university of kentucky majoring in communications, has two previous alcohol-related run-ins with the law.
academics at lancashire's edge hill university found a direct link between anxiety and performance.	the study, which has been published in the british journal of educational psychology, questioned 705 pupils from 11 schools.	researcher dr dave putwain, reader in education at edge hill university.
cult us sitcoms like the big bang theory and how i met your mother will be taken off air for 12 hours – with viewers tuning in on 7 may shown instead an advert telling people to go to the polls.	the specially-produced advert will be played, featuring' darren' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping e4 on air.	e4's sister station channel 4 will also run a special advertising campaign encouraging youngsters to vote.
dr arfon williams is the only doctor available across two rural practices in north wales.	his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service, dr williams said.	health bosses responsible for north wales said difficulties recruiting gps is a national issue, adding they are exploring a number of options.
counterterrorism agencies have arrested two suspected australian terrorists.	it happened a day after turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with australia.	australian officials confirmed the arrest of the two men.	it's claimed they were on their way to join with the islamic state.
fire brigades union say fire engines are routinely being turned into makeshift ambulances to ferry patients to a & e.	ambulance service is becoming increasingly common because the ambulance service is so overstretched.	the fire brigade union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous and becoming more common.
justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter's birthday.	her mother jan jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter abi's 18th birthday and they had poured a glass to toast the occasion.	despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further.
footage of the unusual scene was released by chinese traffic police last week.	the footage was taken at 10am on march 19 near the erdun port intersection in yangzhou city, jiangsu province.	traffic authorities said they were shocked when spotting this scene on cctv footage, according to the people's daily online.
michael hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t in 1980.	but more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial.	the new evidence proved that hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november.
most people have abandoned the la ensenada locality in puerto varas.	the ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away.	another unexpected eruption in the los lagos region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated.
shocking footage shows light general aviation aircraft approaching aero acres residential airpark.	despite the fact the aerostar plane travels at speed, its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation.	suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air.
british and norwegian vets have called the directives' scientifically illiterate'.	the directives, outlined in the 2009 european regulation on organic aquaculture, are set to be brought into national law in non-eu norway, which has caused vets to see red.
new study claims these' taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent.	google is believed to be working on technology for self-driving cabs, but has n't revealed details.
navinder singh sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york.	us prosecutors believe mr sarao used special computer software to manipulate the market on wall street.	but analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
robert durst, 72, has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana.	he will now face federal charges, which lawyers believe he can win.	durst, the heir to a vast real estate fortune, is also connected to the 1982 disappearance of his wife.
duchess of cambridge is a regular visitor to kensington palace and anmer hall.	pippa recently returned to london after spending several days with boyfriend nico jackson in geneva and will be close at hand when the baby arrives.
scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned that bikram yoga, which involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40°c (105°f), raises the risk of participants suffering heat stroke.	a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°c (105°f), with 40 per cent humidity.	twenty apparently healthy volunteers - seven men and 13 women - ranging in age from 28 to 67 took part in the study.
prime minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at penzance this morning wearing jeans, smart shoes and a navy jacket.	the conservatives are battling against their coalition partners in the south-west.	mr cameron said in an interview this week that he' always manages to portray a calm smoothness'.
barry beavis launched a legal bid to overturn his fine, saying it was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable.	but in a landmark ruling, appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither' extravagant or unconscionable'.
hazmat teams tested a powdery substance sent to u.s. rep mike doyle's office on wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down.	the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of room 239 of the cannon house office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on wednesday.	a powdery white substance was found in the office of rep. mike doyle, d-forest hills (pictured) but it was found to be a non-harmful substance.
designers around the world are creating economy and premium economy seats that are comfier and provide more legroom, and some of them have radical changes from today’s chairs.	but passengers shouldn’t expect any instant relief – these seats with reclining backrests, innovative armrests and ergonomic designs are still a few years off.	acro's' series 7' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials.
ana figueroa has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on new york city's second avenue.	the young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings in new york's east village were destroyed.	her upper east side family, which includes nicholas's father nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers brandon, neal and tyler, says it still' wants justice'.
astronomers believe the bright light in the sky triggered the conversion of paul the apostle may have actually been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago.	they say descriptions of paul's experience - in which he was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light - match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk in russia in 2013.
david cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration.	i am not one of those politicians who says they ‘get’ how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private.	economic migration from outside the eu has been capped at 20,700 skilled professionals a year.
belle gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal cancer was a lie in an interview with the australian women's weekly.	gibson asked her former fans and customers who purchased her app and books to see her as only' human'.	she believes gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder.
matt dunford, 30, claimed to be' britain's vainest man' who set up a fake website claiming his ex-girlfriend was a prostitute has been ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work for harassing her.	the model, who claims he spends £100,000-a-year on his looks and is now working as a stripper, says he took an overdose and suffered a seizure days before the hearing, causing him to miss it.	dunford, dressed in a black jacket, was given a 12 month community order and told to do 120 hours of unpaid work.
theresa dybalski, a retired insurance company from lackawanna, new york, was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket.	her friend who gave it to her, however, has died since dybalski's birthday.	so she plans to share her winnings with her friend, who has not been named.
nasa has released an image of a fantastic tapestry of stars snapped by the orbiting observatory.	the image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar' breeding ground' called gum 29, 20,000 light-years from earth.	in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars.	hubble was launched on 24 april 1990 aboard space shuttle discovery.
fish and chips has become a british institution, as well as a national money-spinner, but it is actually believed to be partly portuguese and partly belgian.	femail reveals the seemingly very english things that have actually been brought to england by people from abroad.
amelia morton, 23, from birmingham weighed 12-and-a-half stone, was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father:' boys do n't fancy fat girls'.	the trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university, spending almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone.
stacey tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the royal marsden nhs trust which she spent on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding.	but she and partner scott chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were caught and both jailed last summer.	chaplin claimed he' made nothing' from the scam but was ordered to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail.
figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year.	theodora hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh.	but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun.
south yorkshire police missed' intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in rotherham, a report has found.	the nca said the police force did not use' alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence, and failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers.	south yorkshire police missed' intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation.
robert bates, 73, appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday morning.	pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris, who was killed during a botched sting on april 2.	the 73-year-old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on april 2.
forty-five per cent of britons have lied about their earnings, bills or credit cards.	around one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn.	of those who downplayed their wages, the main reason was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less.
photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower.	annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe.	expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.
the iconic sports field, completed in 1960 and home to san francisco giants, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center.	the area is now set to become houses, a hotel and a shopping center.	members of the oakland a's and san francisco giants gather on the field with their families and security personnel after an earthquake struck prior to game three of the world series.
barefoot louis tomlinson perches on the edge of a sofa as he appears to roll a joint in a shocking new picture obtained by daily mail online.	the image shows the one direction member poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper was taken on wednesday.	louis, newly single having split from long-term girlfriend eleanor calder, left london’s cirque du soir nightclub at 4am.
meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from europe, has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour.	cosmic show will continue on into saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you did n't last night.
the teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque, new mexico, when he made the chilling remark around a week ago.	some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher.
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses.	these include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine.	the worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union unison.
us army staf sgt.	julian mcdonald, welcomed 4-year-old layka, into his columbus, ohio home after she protected him in afghanistan in 2012.	layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with sgt.	mcdonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an ak-47.	her comrades rushed her back for emergency surgery during which she had her leg amputated as the cost for saving them.
ellie laing, sbs news reporter, was reported to be taking a more' commercial' approach to the network by hiring'good-looking, female, anglo-celtic' journalists.	while carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards, many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill.	ellie laing, the news and current affairs director of sbs, was criticised for hiring young attractive reporters, with sarah abo one of the journalists mentioned in the article.
psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture can be a serious source of friction between a couple.	the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare,' ramani durvasula, a clinical psychologist in santa monica, california, told the wall street journal.
michael brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, darren wilson, in a st. louis suburb in august 2014.	brown's mother, lesley mcspadden, and his father, michael brown sr., announced at a press conference in early march that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of ferguson.
richard symonds, 29, joined the wikipedia project in 2004.	he decided to block a user called' contribsx' on tuesday after concluding the account was probably operated either by mr shapps or under his' clear direction'.	mr symonds denied the claims, insisting the story was' untrue from start to finish'.
janet and john brennan have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning barholm castle, in dumfries and galloway, from a ruin into a stylish castle home.	they bought the 15th century fort, reputed to have been used by the scottish protestant reformation john knox as a hiding place, for just £65,000 in 1997 and have spent hundreds of thousands of pounds renovating it.
photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world.	one image shows fighters from the sawt al-haq (voice of rights) battalion of the free syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in aleppo.
the elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire by villagers in rural china.	reporters could see the animal - report to be around 15 years old.	police were called to lead the rescue operation and officer wang xingtao got the villagers to help drain the swamp to prevent the elephant from drowning.
multi-millionaire richard harpin has given the tories £375,000 since 2008.	the revelation will raise fresh questions for david cameron over his links to millionaire donors.	multi-millionaire richard harpin has given the tories £375,000 since 2008 – including £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign.
willa junior is the seattle-tacoma baggage handler who fell asleep in the cargo hold of a plane earlier this month, and became trapped inside when a piece of luggage landed on his head.	the airport worker, who appears to be in his early 20s according to facebook, sat down for an interview with abc news to speak about the harrowing and embarrassing experience.
security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person's fingerprints on a samsung galaxy s5 running android 4.4 and older.	the pair told thomas fox-brewster from forbes that the flaw lies in older versions of the android operating system, up to and including android 4.4.	the vulnerability means that a hacker can access the kernel, or core, of the android operating system.
the sculpture, made out of bales of compressed grass, depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull.	police told him to pull down the model after they received a complaint about the offensive nature of the statue.	bruce cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he does n't take down his' offensive' hay bale structure out in front of his property at lake charm, northwest of victoria.	he says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos.
ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the brazilian heat.	ilha de mana is a 15-minute boat ride from paraty, and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro.
aaron and aaron badland asked an asian family if they had ebola and assaulted a brazilian hotel employee.	mr badland, 24, a bomb disposal officer in the engineering regiment, was wearing his army uniform during the drunken attack alongside his 29-year-old bride.	both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
patrick revins, 49, was identified by undercover police because he has his initials -' p' and' r' - tattooed on either side of his forehead.	detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as revins has' p' and' r' tattooed on either side of his forehead.	revins' tattoos were also his downfall last year when he walked into a branch of barclays in hanley, staffordshire, armed with a large bread knife.
hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the vauxhall zafira minivan.	it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel.	water splitting is an electro-chemical process in which two electrodes generate oxygen and hydrogen from water, respectively.
the body of anne jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road, which in the nsw hunter region.	her family and friends are in shock, with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet,'strong-willed' woman to stay at home.	after two days without power and with limited food supplies, ms jarmain insisted on making a' quick trip' into town.
prime minister posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at pirate fm.	it happened as david cameron toured pirate fm during a visit to cornwall.	he told staff that other world leaders have selfie sticks, including the prime minister of finland.
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 hillsborough disaster.	photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released, with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward.	police say the' unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the victims' families.
unite chief len mccluskey and unite chief len mccluskey have boosted labour's election campaign with donations worth more than £400,000 between them.	labour received £1.1million in donations between april 6 and april 12 – more than twice as much as the conservative party which received just £492,512.
kate upton, who appeared on the cover of the 2012 sports illustrated swimsuit issue, lives by the abc rule: no alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.	kate, who appeared on the cover of the 2012 sports illustrated swimsuit issue, lives by the abc rule: no alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.
julie ronayne was awarded £160,000 after she was left' looking like michelin man' following the bungled hysterectomy in 2008.	her husband edward, who lives with mrs ronayne in netherley, liverpool, was awarded £9,000 due to the nervous shock he suffered when he saw his wife's appearance.
nicole p. eramo said wednesday a widely discredited rolling stone article caused her professional and personal harm by portraying her as insensitive and unresponsive to an alleged victim of a gang rape.	the magazine furthered its' malicious and false allegations by accompanying the article with a cartoonish picture of me doctored to appear as though i was smiling and giving a thumbs up" to a crying victim,' eramo writes.
fifi m. maacaron's book, natural beauty alchemy, created her book, natural beauty alchemy, not only to showcase that there are inexpensive alternatives to store-bought products.	apple cider vinegar has been cited as a great cleansing agent, and is included as an ingredient in the subtle bubble shampoo.
police in red rock, texas, are into this video to see if officer ben johnson used excessive force when taking down viviana keith, 27, who was arrested amid reports of drunken behavior and dui.	when he arrived, he contained 27-year-old viviana keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her.	johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
ted cruz and ben carson want the clinton foundation to return every dollar its received from foreign governments since it launched more than a decade ago.	the bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while hillary clinton served as the united state's chief diplomat.	bill clinton received one of his biggest paychecks in $500,000 for a june 2010 speech in moscow funded by an investment bank with ties to russian president vladimir putin.
tiffany williams and jessica versey, both 19 and from chester, cheshire, became close friends during their treatment.	they then took to social media to celebrate getting the all-clear were reported for nudity.	miss williams was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
stephen munden, 54, described as having a' fanatical obsession' with small girls.	he is described as about 5ft 8ins tall, of a heavy build, and has dark hair.
australian prime minister tony abbott says eu must ‘urgently’ follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the mediterranean.	australian pm tony abbott has said his country's immigration controls have been strengthened.	eu leaders will hold a crisis summit in brussels today to agree a strategy after up to 900 were killed when a fishing boat from libya capsized.
those studying at goldsmiths, university of london, were invited to the students’ union meeting to discuss ‘ diversifying the curriculum’.	but they were shocked when an organiser told white people ‘ not to come’ as it was only open to bme [ black and minority ethnic ] women.	the event, held on wednesday, was organised by welfare and diversity officer bahar mustafa.
women who carry a mutated version of brca1 or another gene known as brca2 face a life-time risk of breast cancer by more than 60 per cent.	study indicates that following the example of the hollywood star cuts their risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent
president barack obama invited the super bowl champion new england patriots to the white house on thursday - but could n't help but get one last deflategate joke in.	the president opened his speech on the south lawn by remarking' that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion,' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the afc championship game were under-inflated.	obama also quipped that he wished chicago could learn something from boston's championship-winning ways.
facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book.	it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers.	it is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful.
experts, including columbia university professor tim wu, declared the comcast-time warner cable murder dead after the fcc expressed skepticism.	the move comes after federal communications commission decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers.	comcast and time warner cable declined to comment on thursday.
organisms lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago.	it seemingly puts to bed another theory that suggests our ancestors were much more simple, worm-like creatures.	one theory suggests that our common bilaterian ancestor was a worm without appendages and just a simple nervous system.
lidia fetisova was pictured wearing a fur coat as she hugged the 650kg bear.	organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting - but in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat.
christian tyrrell, 22, was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old adrian langlais, the son of his girlfriend jessica langlais.	john winkler and laura martinez considered themselves adrian's grandparents, even though they were n't blood related to the little boy.	martinez's son - winkler's stepson - started dating langlais when she was six-months pregnant with adrian.
boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron.	but in his most candid remarks to date, he finally conceded:' it would be a wonderful thing to be in a position to be considered for such an honour'.
nasa has put together a team of' extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable.	the initiative, dubbed nexus for exoplanet system science (nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including stanford, the university of california and yale.	nasa has set up a website for the public called planet hunters which allows anyone to search the data gathered by kepler.
high landings fees give an insight into some of the most unexpectedly popular transport hubs for the rich and famous, from salzburg, in austria, to darwin, in australia.	the trip is a more affordable £8,835 ($13,253) from london to cannes and £8,895 (£13,343) from london to nice.
charlene fritz, 35, was visiting snow hill island in the antarctic peninsula.	she had the surprise of a lifetime when the baby elephant seal came out of the water for a cuddle during an expedition to snow hill island in the antarctic peninsula.
king felipe and queen letizia put on a united front today, as they stepped out for the first time since explosive new claims about the 47-year-old monarch's father emerged.	but if felipe and letizia were upset about the revelations, they were n't showing it as they arrived at the university of alcala de henares to present the cervantes prize for literature.
collette dinnigan has put her four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property on the market.	the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set to go under the hammer on may 23.	after purchasing a lavish $6.5 million watsons bay property just last month with husband bradley cocks, dinnigan is hoping for a cool $6 million.
shocking video was filmed at an undisclosed location in china.	the woman had allegedly been taking pictures of her children with her new iphone 6 plus when the old man passed through on his moped.	he accidentally bumped into the woman’s shoulder and her phone fell on the ground, and the screen cracked, the newspaper reports.
bethune-cookman university student damian parks, 22, drowned in daytona beach on sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am on sunday and students who were with him said strong currents pulled parks out to sea.	his body was found monday morning.	students who were with parks, who were all part of a step team called melodic stepping experience, which formed last year, said no hazing was involved.
unite baron len mccluskey has boasted that trade unions ‘own’ the labour party and its policies.	the boast claim by the former first minister, who is running as an snp candidate, was featured on the front page of yesterday’s mail.	mr mccluskey urges his members to ‘ take back our country’ and ‘ restore decency, dignity and justice’.	he says: ‘ do not for a moment forget this: should cameron and his cronies win on may 7'.
grade i listed walton canonry is on show at the national museum of wales, cardiff.	they're buying the exact same view depicted in john constable's £23million painting salisbury cathedral from the meadows.	walton canonry has been home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years but is now on the market with property agent savills.
institute for fiscal studies analysed the policies of all the main parties to see how their policies would increase borrowing.	the tories were accused of giving' no detail' about their deficit reduction plan, which relies on £30billion of cuts, while labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.	the think-tank reached its conclusions after a detailed study of the party manifestos ahead of may's general election.
pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative.	prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle.	the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative.
abc released a fourth promo video on thursday on the eve of bruce jenner's sitdown interview with diane sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition.	the 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting sawyer at his home.	bruce - the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the sawyer:' it's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow i'm gon na get through it'.
charlotte s, 94, was an ss guard in the nazi death camps ravensbrück and auschwitz.	she was remembered by survivors as a feared woman who beat prisoners and unleashed on them her alsatian dog.	she was transferred to auschwitz where she and her teeth-baring dog were feared by the prisoners.
the once-iconic ohio venue was renowned for its rock concerts but everything changed in 1984 when heavy metal band motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down.	as the crowd went wild over the group's unique ear-shattering brand of music, the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience - ending the concert and the life of the variety theater in one deafening shriek.
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon has hit out at people questioning why she does n't have children – and claimed she would never be asked if she was a man.	ms sturgeon insisted she was not' moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance.	she also reveals her low-brow tv viewing habits, love of steak and chips and recent image makeover.
ravi beefnah, 34, parked his white audi a5 outside the dealership in february as a warning to other buyers.	mr beefnah's car has been parked outside the audi dealership in chelmsford, essex, for two months.	mr beefnah says he parked his car there as warning to other drivers considering buying an audi.
stefania la greca was catapulted into the limelight after the sexy shots of the lega sud party candidate went viral.	but the 36-year-old, who is hoping to represent caldoro in campania, southern italy, have gone viral ahead of the elections in may.
getup's new website, the gender price gap, has exposed nine everyday items.	bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt, that comes in both' summer blue' and' blue denim' colour options.
andrew stewart wood, of havant, hampshire, was arrested at orlando's hard rock hotel in the early hours of tuesday.	a guest reportedly told a security guard at the luxury hotel that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises.	when he tried to stop him, wood became belligerent, began shouting and would not cooperate.	he was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail where he continued to act out.
ali maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months.	she substituted pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables.	she was running the website and sharing healthy recipes with her readers.
omar hussain, 27, regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called islamic state under the name abu sa'eed al-britani.	last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes.	in his latest video the former morrisons security guard, who used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride, accuses a fellow' brother' of running away from the frontline in syria' when it was only him and me defending the post'.
karlis bardelis, 30, from latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in coire, scotland, when the accident happened.	footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.	bardelis has only just released the footage of his terrifying fall on a training exercise in hospital.
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car in saratoga springs, utah.	but while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest.	mrs mayhew called 911 and a neighbour helped use the jack to life the car off him while they waited for the emergency services to arrive.
maurice van ryn is allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off debts.	her husband maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.	his wife louise was at the court on thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order.
foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in new york.	dubbed a hydrafacial, the treatment, which costs around $150 (£100) and uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin, is currently available in new york.
james creag, 11, is so sick of being taunted that he has stopped putting on the special cream - meaning that it is not safe for him to go outside.	he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria, whose victims are nicknamed'real-life vampires' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight.
meghan blalock, the editor for a los angeles-based fashion website, has opened up about her battle with body image.	being obsessed about having the perfect body is not exclusive to those working in fashion.	it is the first to admit that things can get carried away.
pete evans has singled out a' happy tummy brew' in evans' cookbook, bubba yum yum: the paleo way, for new mums, babies and toddlers, because it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin a dose for a baby.	the original recipe for the' brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin a for babies.
lena dunham has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled' why i'm on team weirdo for life’'.	she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a' regular' girl by altering her appearance.	tanya taylor is also a trailblazer designer.
archaeologists have discovered evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes near senterada in catalonia, around 200,000 years ago but were not alone.	the remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave.	it is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with the animals they co-existed with.
rhiannon taylor, 29, from australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business, launching a website called' in bed with'.	she writes about everything form the best pies to the biggest beds and has travelled the world from indonesia to the us and mexico to document great hotels.
david cameron's party has opened up a four-point lead over ed miliband's (right) labour with 36 per cent of the vote, has moved ahead in the last fortnight as labour, the liberal democrats and ukip have all slipped.	the tory vote share equals their highest since march 2012.
europe's controversial new laws banning ultra-thin models from strutting down the catwalk may be doing more harm than good.	models can be seen walking down the runway at the masha ma show in march at paris fashion week.	earlier this month france passed a new law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low.
the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night.	judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated by the deadly disease.	omu fahnbulleh stands over her husband ibrahim after he fell and died in a classroom used for ebola patients in liberia last year.
thibaud jean leon vallet, 24, and his cousin jean mickael batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on rottnest island on april 3.	the pair appeared before fremantle magistrate's court last friday and were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fine.	animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime.
officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray shetland foal.	the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth, with traffic backed up as a result.	sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner.
david petraeus will not go to jail for giving his mistress classified material while she was working on a book about him, a judge ruled today.	the former cia director avoided jail time at the hearing in charlotte, north carolina on thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation.	he was also fined $100,000 - more than double the $40,000 his attorneys had requested.	petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material.
bingo hall toilets have tested positive for traces of cocaine in the toilets.	another had traces of cocaine, while the discoveries mirror a spike in drug abuse.	figures from public health england show that 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse in the last year.
janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day! trendy men with bushy beards.	you can not reduce life to a catchphrase or a ranking like a best-buy at morrison’s.
adele adkins has double the wealth of her closest rivals.	the mother-of-one has not stopped adele from earning £5million over the last year.	the country’s rising stars are hot on the singer’s heels.
clarence david moore, an escapee from a north carolina prison turned himself in to authorities on monday, april 20, 2015 after four decades of being on the run.	the deputy who answered thought it was a prank.	moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in kentucky since at least 2009.
shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.	group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their' sins', before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
sevdet besim was arrested by australian police after appearing in court.	he is said to have incited an australian teenager, sevdet besim, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a' lee rigby style' massacre.	five other men have also been arrested by australian counter-terrorism officers.
chris christie appeared on the tonight show (above) and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor.	fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point christie took the treat for himself, slowly moving away.	christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election.
the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit.	it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands.	however, it has not been working for more than two years.
bettie jo, from houston, texas, lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce.	but josh has admitted he did n't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared if she became slimmer, she would n't need him anymore, in my 600lb life, which airs tonight on tlc.
curtis stone and wife lindsay price have two boys, hudson, 3, and emerson, 7 months.	celebrity chef, who lives in los angeles with actress wife lindsay price and their two boys, hudson aged three and seven-month-old emerson.
undocumented immigrant population in the united states could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years.	one in seven u.s. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, the report from the center for immigration studies.	immigration population will grow almost four times faster than native-born population.
natural world safaris has launched a new series of' ultimate safari’ adventures'.	promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife.	but before you don your khakis, you'll need a whopping £176,000 going spare to take part.
plus-size industry has spoken out after jamelia said that obese women' should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size.	the panellist said she was' hounded on twitter' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope.	they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays.	a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres.	they strike the atmosphere and cause an enormous shower of other particles.
britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne.	but it seems our tastes are taking an italian turn.	according to industry figures released this month, we’ve developed such a taste for prosecco that last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time — £181.8 million compared with £141.3 million.
andrew hutchinson raped two patients while they were under anaesthetic.	he worked in the a & e department between 2011 and 2013.	he was convicted of making indecent images of children, outraging public decency and voyeurism.
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins.	the breakthrough may eradicate a stumbling block which has often meant it was impossible to tell which of the pair was guilty of a crime.
carl bradey lost everything he owned in his palmerston north rental property last month.	the 25-year-old said his first thought was to make sure everyone got out of the house.	bradey cut several of his main arteries on the broken glass and lost so much blood that he fainted as he reached the front of the house.	it took fire fighters 30 minutes to extinguish the fire, which destroyed bradey's house and car.
sheriff's deputy andrew steele found not legally responsible in the killing of his wife and sister-in-law on thursday.	defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths.	steele had been diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last june.
french prime minister manuel valls said five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since the charlie hebdo massacre in january.	mr valls said:' numerous attacks had already been foiled - five if you take into account the attack which happily did not take place at [ paris suburb ] villejuif'.
alison saunders, the director of public prosecutions, said she was' not afraid' of a legal challenge because she is convinced the labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia.	victims and leading politicians have accused her of' damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling – even though there was a enough evidence to go ahead with a prosecution.
hillary clinton's family's charities are refiling at least five years of tax returns after an investigation revealed they had misreported tens of millions of dollars in donations from governments.	the charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments, or in other instances, the charities confirmed to reuters, which uncovered the mistakes.
volcano calbuco, in the country's south, is believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile's 90 active volcanoes.	an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption, while several smaller townships were also cleared.	an electrical storm lights up the night sky as a huge column of ash and lava shoots out of the volcano.
vincent stanford, 24, was buried in an emotional funeral service on wednesday.	she left 45 minutes later with a detective in a silver sedan and was taken back to the home she shared with her son, vincent, and another son, luke.	vincent stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the cocoparra national park, where they discovered ms scott's burnt remains on april 10, five days after she went missing.	he will next appear in griffith court by video link on june 4.
henry rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife donna lou rayhons at her nursing home.	despite being told her dementia and alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself.	mr rayhons, who served 18 years as a republican member of the iowa house, had argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact.
this year's proms will include a late-night concert hosted by dj pete tong.	it will take place on july 29, coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1's broadcasts from ibiza, and will reinterpret' club classics' such as music sounds better with you by stardust and rhythm's strings of life.
study found 17 areas in the central and eastern us with increased rates of induced seismicity.	since 2000, several of these areas have experienced high levels of seismicity.	researchers say there have been' substantial increases since 2009 that continue today'.
deputy finance minister dimitras mardas set alarm bells ringing yesterday when he declared the country had been' running on empty' since february.	with a debt repayment deadline looming on may 1, greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the international monetary fund.
canadian jake malone met a woman calling herself' rili' on a social website 11 months ago.	she contacted mr malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit.	but after turning up at her company's address, he discovered the office had been closed for years, reports the people's daily online.
fiona' kitty' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday but when he checked on the girl' after a brief moment', she was gone, police said.	her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl, khou reported.	authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of kemah, nassau bay, seabrook police and the u.s. coast guard.
us alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste.	production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in oregon, us.	the company will treat the effluent before handing it into a tasty tipple.
darren jones, who is standing for bristol north west, was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs.	the labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members before collapsing in front of his worried-looking opponents just seconds before the programme was due to go on air.	channel was forced to cut to commercials as the 28-year-old recovered on the studio floor.	ambulance was called by cancelled while the programme was delayed for nine minutes.
kevin rebbie, 56, of limerick township, pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy.	investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered.	rebbie uploaded the videos, some included close-up images of children's genitalia.
ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in novokuznetsk, southern russia.	he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake reebok top.	after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security.
koby hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break.	the 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer fabrice muamba, a former bolton wanderers player who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest.	mr muamba was' effectively dead' for 78 minutes and had to be shocked 15 times before his heart restarted.
christie's employee wears the maria christina royal devant-de-­corsage brooch, which is expected to fetch £1 to £1.33million.	it will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries.
deborah kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving operation to stop her skin cancer spreading to her brain.	the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15 - where she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper uv protection.	debbie, from manchester, recently filmed a segment about her ordeal for an upcoming tv show called ‘ fake britain’.
jeremy clarkson, james may and richard hammond held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman - just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc.	resignation marks another blow for the hugely-popular show, which has been marred by uncertainty since clarkson was axed last month following' fracas' with a producer.	there is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by netflix, amazon or another british broadcaster.
iconic tower, on the champ de mars, was opened in 1889 and has come to define the french capital.	the arc de triomphe was constructed in 1806, and is the centrepiece of place charles de gaulle at the end of the champs-élysées.	tourists can climb up tot the roof for beautiful views of paris.
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009, combination of tax and real estate data in a paper published by the commerce department.	researchers estimated that land in the country, minus all the buildings, roads and trees on top of it, achieved its peak value of $26.2 trillion in in 2006 before sliding down three trillion dollars in three years.
emergency crews received a call saying' someone' had been knocked down by a car in essex, they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue.	but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the' victim' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest.	the service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day, and in the last two years has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help.
alejandro bouvier filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.	footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path.	luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
lyvette crespo allegedly shot her husband, bell gardens, california mayor daniel crespo, in september during a heated argument about his infidelity.	she's now been indicted on charges of voluntary manslaughter.	crespo shot bell gardens mayor daniel crespo three times in the chest on september 30.
mohammad ali jawad, 56, allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts.	he opened it in front of her, brought out two shot glasses and when the next patient cancelled his appointment, he gulped down some vodka, patient a said.	patient a, a former personal assistant in her 30s, said:' he re-entered the room and dimmed the lights, pulled the blinds down and played julio iglesias on his iphone'.
loretta lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 republicans joining with senate democrats to approve her.	the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official, lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote.	lynch is expected to take over as head of the u.s. justice department on monday, replacing eric holder.
dr. oz has used his syndicated tv show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods.	the 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at college of physicians.
russell' rusty' yates, who has since remarried and has a son, slammed his ex-wife's murder trial, claiming it was the' cruelest thing i have ever witnessed'.	he insisted her actions were' completely a result of her illness'.	she then called 911 and told the first officer to arrive at the scene that she had just killed her children.	she was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison.
cardinal francis george was remembered thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion.	george, a chicago native, died friday at age 78 after a long battle with cancer.	he was to be buried thursday in his family's plot at all saints cemetery in nearby des plaines.	after being appointed by pope john paul ii in 1997 to lead the chicago archdiocese, george earned a reputation as an intellectual leader.
antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment.	he took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf.	he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no lice.
femail asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic anzac biscuit recipe, from sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe.	but how do they stack up against the original? bake (or simply simply make, in the case of the raw variety) features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup as the primary ingredients.
romeo or juliet decided a public declaration of their love was the only way to seek forgiveness.	they were first spotted by residents in the affluent village of milford.	they have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author and the reason behind the contrite gesture.
prime minister pledged to deliver effective ‘ home rule’ for england.	the prime minister's visit came as he courted english voters with election pledge to create a separate rate of income tax for england.
adam sandler film ran into a huge problem on wednesday when a group of extras stormed off the set.	native american actors appearing in the ridiculous 6, a spoof of the magnificent seven that stars and was written by sandler, left the set after they became offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture.	it was so bad in fact that even the cultural adviser for the movie, which is filming in new mexico, walked off the set.
brock guzman was briefly kidnapped as he slept in the family car.	his parents, paul and suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported their son missing.	paul guzman of fairfield, california, took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported him just hours later.
ahmed gaddaf al-dam, a former minister and muammar gaddafi's cousin, said the' overwhelming chaos' in libya' has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the libyan armed forces in 2011.	but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator, who was well-known for his barbaric treatment of the would-be migrants.
former king juan carlos greets corinna sayn-wittgenstein in at an awards ceremony in barcelona in may 2006:' what do you see (in the book)? well, the double life which juan carlos led during a long time, a double life which obviously has not gone well'.	romero, a former royal correspondent for the el mundo daily, said at the book's launch in madrid:' [ final de partida ] is a chronicle of the end of an era'.
officer daniel jamieson is accused of leaking confidential information about ben cousins' arrest in march to his girlfriend channel 7 perth news reporter monique dirksz.	the troubled star was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from bicton to mosman park, in perth.	police commissioner steve brown said the policeman allegedly looked up the information on a police computer.
john hinckley jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting.	this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting president reagan.	hinckley currently splits his time between st. elizabeth's hospital in washington and his mother's home in williamsburg, virginia (above).	scott went on to describe his brother and his new girlfriend as' somewhat compatible,' though he admitted he had not met the woman.
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading up a plane.	footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt.
owner was left devastated after his £80,000 911 carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry as they both pulled into a side street.	both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a road and police and the ambulance service were rushing to attend the scene.	one onlooker, who witnessed the crash, said:' the bloke looked absolutely distraught.	it was obviously his pride and joy'.
bruce davis' record shows there is' some evidence' he is dangerous and should n't be freed, superior court judge william c. ryan wrote in a decision filed wednesday.	davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald' shorty' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972.
former ss sergeant described how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the nazi death camp.	he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder, related to a period between may and july 1944 when around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland and most immediately gassed to death.	eva kor and her twin sister miriam were among the 1,500 twins dr. josef mengele experimented on in auschwitz.
david billing, 48, has told how he had to undergo 14 hours of surgery.	surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue.	he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved.
poet rupert brooke has long had a reputation as a' young apollo'.	his obituary was written by winston churchill, who called him' all that one would wish england's noblest sons to be'.
social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during new south wales' worst storm in a decade.	the clip was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa, before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources.
mark west, 32, will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012.	mark steven west, 32, is married with a child, was sentenced tuesday to four months in jail followed by eight years probation after pleading guilty to the improper relationship.
chris early, who owns a production company in knoxville, tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too.	the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to abc news, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates, us and british authorities said on thursday.	the case centers on charges that deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the london interbank offered rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world, from at least 2003-2011 to boost their trading positions.
young men sift through the mountains of scraps in landfills like agbogbloshie in ghana because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin.	41 million tonnes of'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report.
dave lee travis has claimed that his indecent assault trials' financially ruined' him, but he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court.	the 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the mrs merton show and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.	at a costs application hearing today, the former radio presenter was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
lindsay lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as edward scissorhands and a nightmare on elm street.	the star has recently began showing rapid signs of ageing, including lines and over-plumped lips.
real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in zhengdin county, north china at the start of february.	criminal investigation bureau was tipped off about the group's audacious plan at the beginning of march and a task force was assigned to the case, reports people's daily online.
san antonio city officials have messed with the wrong texas chef.	cheever founded the chow train non-profit organization in 2005.	she was slapped with a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck.
brittney griner and fiancee and fiancee have been arrested following a fight at their phoenix home.	the 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released.	griner told police she and her fiancee had just bought their first home together and had been arguing a lot.	she had what appeared to be a tooth mark on her hand, as well as other injuries to her wrist and fingers.
ruben blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night.	the original plan had been for my mum to look after ruben while i went to hospital.	but when theo decided he was coming quickly, ruben was brilliant.	he ran to get the phone, brought towels - whatever we needed.	paramedics arrived to assist michelle with the last part of labour.
michelle carter, 18, looked glum as she appeared in court in new bedford, massachusetts.	accused of encouraging the death of conrad roy iii, who gassed himself in his truck in fairhaven last july.	during the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of bristol county, saying it's' impossible' for her to receive a fair trial in the area because the district attorney's office filed a response arguing that the da, thomas quinn, has excused himself from any involvement in the case.
hillary rodham clinton will testify at a public hearing next month.	the move will set up a high-profile showdown over clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state.	south carolina republican rep. trey gowdy said he wants clinton to testify the week of may 18 and again before june 18.
teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment after she unwittingly downed the potentially lethal liquid at the specialist science college.	the girl avoided serious injury from the colourless corrosive substance as a result of the quick thinking actions of staff at hounsdown school in southampton, hampshire.
the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 through the door.	the store in avlaston, derbyshire, was officially opened at 8am this morning.	more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut.	ivy bacon, 20, was delighted to win the top prize.
kate temple was called a' homewrecker' by victim shelley williams who accused her of having an affair with her partner.	shelley williams believed that kate temple the defendant had been having some sort of relationship or affair with her partner.	miss williams had found text messages on her partner's mobile phone earlier in the year.
state prisons official says hernandez, 25, was moved to a new prison a week after he was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life behind bars.	hernandez had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013.	lloyd was dating the sister of hernandez's fiancee.
doug hughes, 61, is' lucky to be alive' and' should have been blown out of the air,' rep. jason chaffetz said.	hughes' stunt was aimed at drawing attention to campaign finance reform.	chaffetz said security tracked hughes as he approached the capitol last week after taking off from gettysburg, pennsylvania.
robert downey jnr stormed out of tv interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison.	the actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with channel 4 in london to promote his new film avengers: age of ultron.	but he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer krishnan guru-murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons.
college juniors emily clark, 20, of powder springs, morgan bass, abbie deloach, 21, of savannah, catherine pittman, 21, perished early wednesday morning on their way to school when a tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on interstate 16, setting off a deadly chain reaction.	fellow students brittney mcdaniel, of reidsville, and megan richards, of loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries.	driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck.
michael brown's parents, lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr., filed the complaint at the st. louis county courthouse on thursday and called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events.	the lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques' that demean, disregard, or underserve its african-american population'.
nigerian muslims are among the 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa who have been rescued by italian ships in the past week.	the tragic news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the past week.
jules bianchi, 25, sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014.	the marussia driver is still in a coma but is' fighting fiercely' and his condition is stable.	every day, jules is running a marathon.
steve cotteril has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return.	city have already won silverware this season in the shape of a johnstone's paint trophy win last month.	lansdown is a rare breed in english football, unwavering in ploughing his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else.
lewis is an infrequent visitor to england, exiled for tax and lifestyle purposes in the bahamas.	he conducts much of his business on his enormous yacht.	results on the pitch had taken a bit of a downturn and there was an air of anticipation when the driver got out to open the door for his wealthy passenger.
juventus midfielder arturo vidal steps up to score from the spot against monaco.	czech referee pavel kralovec awarded a penalty.	carvalho, who had been immense alongside aymen abdennour in the monaco defence, collided with the juventus forward.
jay dasilva, the eldest of the three children, left luton town’s academy to make the 100-mile round trip, three or fours times a week.	there was a bit of a fuss made of the move at the time, with brothers jay, plus twins cole and rio, compared with the trio of wallace siblings who created history when they played together in a first-team game for southampton.	jose mourinho made the surprise announcement that he will promote one of chelsea’s youngsters next season.
scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera.	it will mark the television acting debut of schofield, who is a mentor of sorts to the character of maya avant, played by karla mosley.	avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show.
aitor karanka's middlesbrough beat middlesbrough 2-0 at home to rotherham.	lee tomlin and patrick bamford scored the opening goal in championship table.	lee tomlin is mobbed by his middlesbrough team-mates after his follow-up shot was blocked.
real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas lifts the champions league trophy.	iker casillas has won the champions league on five occasions during his career.	iker casillas is the best right back of my lifetime and any lifetime.
fulham will sound out brentford manager mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage with owner shahid khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players.	the championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of kit symons who replaced felix magath in september but has won only one of his last eight games.	khan, a billionaire who also owns nfl franchise jacksonville jaguars in america, has given his new chief football officer mike rigg the power to choose fulham's next manager.
douglas bader's story is to be told in a hollywood film being dubbed ‘ the first great escape’.	the officer, who lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 – was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg.	it was there that the officer always made light of his disability and refused to even use a stick.
leonie granger, 25, targeted playboy mehmet hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in london's west end.	the care assistant, from gillingham, kent, used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants.	judge william kennedy today described the attack as' pitiless and wicked'.
sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of premier league fixtures, as well as intriguing statistics from the football league.	the official sprinted more than half the length of the field to be 10 yards from yannick bolasie when he completed his hat-trick for crystal palace in the 4-1 demolition of sunderland.	connor wickham and adam johnson were also both stood nearer their own goal than the ref when the ball hit the net.
eden hazard was the toast of the english game as he carried off the pfa player of the year award.	the 24-year-old belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions for his club this season.	hazard joined chelsea from lille in 2012 and put pen to paper on a new five-and-a-half-year deal with the club in february.
lionel messi made it 400 goals for barcelona in a 2-0 win over valencia.	lionel messi scored with the last kick and luis suarez scored with practically his first, putting barcelona 1-0 up after just 56 seconds.	valencia enjoyed a better first half, despite the scoreline and captain dani parejo missed a penalty in the ninth minute.
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after second world war veteran robert clark at his home in burnt oak, north london.	council told mr clark he would have to be moved into a local care home with his son mike describing the move as like asking his father to go back into a' prisoner of war camp'.
portsmouth have sacked manager andy awford following saturday's 3-1 defeat by morecambe.	the league two club parted company with awford at a meeting at the club's roko training ground this morning.	awford said his goodbyes to the portsmouth players after he was informed of the news.	portsmouth have sacked manager andy awford following saturday's 3-1 defeat to morecambe.
new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering us $1 billion a year.	this despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in china every year.	there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers….	juan cuadrado was expected to help fire chelsea towards the premier league and champions league crowns.	cuadrado appeared for just 11 minutes and remained a spectator as they were eliminated.
chelsea are planning a victory parade through around stamford bridge.	jose mourinho's side are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining.	eden hazard fires past manchester united keeper david de gea during his side's 1-0 win at stamford bridge.	the letter, delivered to residents of fulham, outlines chelsea's plan for their victory parade on may 25.
manchester united beat chelsea centre back gary cahill at stamford bridge.	louis van gaal was short of bodies after the pair got tangled on the ground.	he has yet to score against the top level premier league teams.	falcao lost almost every key battle at stamford bridge.
mike ashley agreed to buy a plot of land in chelsea from the retailer.	the clearings has been primed for redevelopment, with planning permission for 62 luxury flats, seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate marlborough primary school as part of the project.	toon keeper tim krul had to pick the ball out of his net three times against swansea.
philippe coutinho described it as the' ultimate honour' to brazil icon pele.	liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho was a special guest for the reds' league encounter vs rivals manchester united last month.	in terms of looking for sources of inspiration, coutinho could hardly choose two better.
atletico madrid and real madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the vicente calderon on tuesday night.	but there was still plenty to talk about after the champions league first leg.	real madrid must be careful with a talent like raphael varane.	pepe's injury trouble recently has meant varane has started a few games.
carter and jack hanson met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston, where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before, cbs reported.	it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about mr harding on their first trip to yorktown and the patriot's point museum.
luka modric is helped off the bernabeu pitch by medical staff.	cristiano ronaldo was the first madrid player to go over to gareth bale.	real madrid will have karim benzema back against atletico.
cesc fabregas returned to emirates stadium for the first time since leaving for barcelona in 2011.	every fabregas touch was booed as he operated in the first half in a deep role alongside nemanja matic.	fabregas - without his mask on - swaps shirts and salutes the emirates crowd.
jose mourinho praised john terry's performance against arsenal.	terry was at the heart of chelsea's solid defensive display against arsenal.	terry stretches for the ball but just misses it, catching arsenal striker olivier giroud on the thigh.	terry was at the heart of another impressive chelsea defensive display.
john terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well.	terry was the star and could have had a hatful but n’doye has done well since joining from lokomotiv moscow.
dougie freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal to remain at nottingham forest.	freedman has impressed at the city ground since replacing stuart pearce in february.	dougie freedman is set to sign a new deal at nottingham forest.
newly released satellite images reveal that china has built a runway on a stretch of disputed territory in the south china sea.	they reveal the country's rapid progress in constructing the runway on the contested fiery cross reef.	china's building activity in the spratly islands has infuriated neighbouring countries and the united states whose leadership accused the country of bullying others with its' military muscle'.
obama claimed beijing was' using its sheer size and muscle' to force countries into subordinate positions' amid reports of controversial land reclamation efforts.	but a furious chinese leadership has argued that it is washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle in the world.
frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle.	he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police.	the entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above.
world leaders were joined by princes charles and harry on the royal navy's flagship hms bulwark in turkey's dardanelles straits to mark the centenary of the catastrophic landings.	an estimated 1,000 allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until january 1916, when after huge losses on both sides, the allies successfully fooled the turkish forces and evacuated their soldiers from the peninsula.	soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the ss river clyde, a mule is hoisted on board the ship.
dr mehmet oz's fellow faculty members have written an op-ed lashing out at how his' unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university - in just the latest attack on his talk show tactics.	but they also leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air' ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university.
bruce jenner's second wife linda thompson tweeted a message of support for the olympian ahead of his abc prime time special with diane sawyer set to air on friday night.	it's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986.	she has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
exposure to small, sooty particles, mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions, they said.	the microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting, and are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in britain.	us researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk.
zermatt in the upper valais area of switzerland has imposed the ban after a report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in' miserable conditions'.	the organisation has been calling for the town council of zermatt to ban the use of the dogs for many years.
julie schenecker, 54, was convicted last may of shooting her son beau, 13, and daughter calyx, 16, in their upscale tampa bay, florida home in january 2011.	she claimed she pulled the trigger to' save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being' mouthy'.	when asked by abc action news in the interview if she regretted the shooting, schenecker, a former military linguist, shook her head.	but police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing the children for being' mouthy'.
jordan brennan was attacked in september last year.	she reveals how her son was a' cheeky chappy' and' lots of fun', and would' dance and sing all the time.	he was a real show off'.
icelandic citizens are now so happy that the country jumped from number nine in 2013 to number two this year.	the list is dominated by european nations, particularly those in scandinavia, and measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment.
business leaders have blasted the' disastrous tory campaign' which has focussed too much on personal attacks against the opposition.	they expressed concerns over the negative tactics employed by the conservative campaign ahead of the general election next month.	it appears mr cameron's advisers have called on campaigners to change tack today.
ashley manzie was combing the park with his metal detector last week.	he discovered a medal belonging to frederick george biddulph, who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli between 1914 and 1915.	mr norton, who has been researching his family history for' a very long time' says the discovery has raised more questions than it has answered.
alexis douglas was playing at her sister's house in melbourne earlier this year.	her mother monique douglas told daily mail australia that not a day goes by that she cries for her daughter who has been left so traumatised that she is unable to play outside by herself.	but what has outraged mrs douglas even more is that the dog's owner escaped without registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court.
researchers say the vaccine, which has just completed the final stages of testing, could make a ‘ substantial contribution’ to controlling the disease.	tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa.
turnham primary school led by executive headteacher selina sharpe.	infants must promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases.	each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ‘responsibilities’ while attending the school.
the horse, charly, was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred.	it was broad daylight, and somehow the person managed to spray charlie without the handlers seeing.	tags are cryptic signatures, and authorities are hoping they will be able to track down the person responsible using the tag, which was' rbs'.
damon clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at grady memorial hospital in atlanta after monday's attack.	officers arrested 19-year-old quintavious barber and 18-year-old malik morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges.	damon clay, 17, was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping.	he is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition.
royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope.	the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life, including the first post box design.	red has remained the standard colour for uk boxes with only a few exceptions, one being blue post boxes for overseas mail.
an entire herd of buffalo has been shot dead by law enforcement in upstate new york.	the herd are pictured crossing a road in bethlehem, new york, on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river.	they then started running down the thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including buffalo and new york city.
scottish first minister said she would form an anti-tory alliance with labour and other parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7.	ms sturgeon was asked on bbc2's newsnight whether her party would be ready to prop up a labour government if he falls far short of a majority.
molly parks, 24, passed away on april 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the restaurant where she worked in manchester, new hampshire with a needle still in her arm.	when police turned up on her father's door in saco, maine, he immediately knew they were there about molly.	days later, he wrote an obituary announcing her death.
michael hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980, and on wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him.	in a video posted on april 20 by the california innocence project, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl's jr asking for a hamburger' they show on tv with the bacon on it'.
1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made.	but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring matthew broderick.	the car, in classic ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the ferris bueller's best friend cameron in the movie.
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor has posted a video on youtube in an attempt to incite violent acts in australia and new zealand during services commemorating anzac's centenary.	in the video, which has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities, taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers.	mr bush said police had conducted a thorough assessment of the troubling video and he was satisfied all appropriate measures had been put into place to protect those who plan on attending anzac day services.
beth o'rourke, 44, of paxton, massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer.	on april 16, the mother of courtney, 11, and seamus, 8, lost that fight.	but as she stated in her obituary ;' i was a survivor.	i loved my life.	i pray they have learned to feel the deep sense of faith'.
sarah grimes has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister kristen saban at the university of alabama in 2009.	saban and grimes pledged the phi mu sorority to a legal fight between sorority sisters that was sparked by an alcohol-fueled brawl.	attorneys for plaintiff sarah grimes and for kristen saban would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit.
punting analyst mike steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance.	the martingale betting strategy of doubling up originated in france and is used with levels of success by punters on anzac day throughout australia.	two up is one of australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
jay brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre, herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them, which can be fatal for the birds.	the first born tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.	consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june.
rhiannon langley, the blogger sharing her' nose job journey' with her social media followers, is recovering from rhinoplasty at a bangkok hotel.	she's at a five-star hotel, part of the $5,190' bangkok nose job' medical tourism package she is on.	rhiannon, a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 instagram followers, told daily mail she' already loves' her new nose.
the white house doubled down today on president barack obama's earth day message that climate change is' a problem now'.	press secretary josh earnest said today after he was asked about a duke study that claimed the earth is n't heating up as quickly as expected.	earnest's channeling of former vice president al gore star of the 2006 global warming documentary an inconvenient truth.
mick schumacher will compete in the adac formula 4 series in germany this weekend.	schumacher jnr is part of the van amersfoort racing team competing in the 2015 adac formula 4 series.	schumacher junior will drive under his own name for the first time in his career.
chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia.	scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness.	but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part in these activities.
japanese women swear by the' beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne - and the beauty movement is coming to the uk.	mahonia has been used traditionally for skin itchiness, infections and irritations, and is highly recommended for acne.
ohio woman has spoken out in a reddit q & a about why she and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks.	when the couple learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect' incompatible with life outside the womb'.	they decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best course of action.
virgin airlines is the most desired job in australia.	but a survey of workers has also revealed working for government departments.	virgin, the second-largest airline in the country, was reportedly handed the accolade for its ‘ pleasant working atmosphere.
alison, 43, from gloucestershire, has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage.	the retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts, this time as part of tlc show extreme beauty disasters.
scots guard shaun smith, 25, can be seen stamping 18 times on his victim’s head.	his fellow soldier, welsh guard jason collins, 22, rained blows with his fists on to the man’s body.	collins, 22, has been stationed at buckingham palace since the attack.
sarina aziz struggled to keep their daughter still after strapping her in the connector belt required for children under the age of two.	one-year-old sarina aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents’ lap.	however they say they were shocked to find that staff had decided to alert the captain.
george william thomson, a qualified dentist, served in gallipoli as part of the new zealand medical corps.	he tells how having read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit' a flame of interest'.	dr gabrielle fortune of the auckland war memorial takes richard wilkins through the artefacts of his grandfather george thomson, which have been preserved in new zealand.
rachael bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun.	bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that did n't work she took action.	when that did n't stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times.
aidan turner's poldark co-star heida reed said turner, 31, was being' objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female.	poldark star heida reed has claimed audiences' obsession with aidan turner is sexist.	reed said she knew' for a fact that [ turner is ] completely baffled by the amount of interest'.
posters promoting a' straight pride' week were removed this week.	posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.	campus leaders at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were meant as satire, the message was inappropriate.
andrea mcveigh, 44, has been left scarred for life after being knocked down by cyclist.	the cyclist fled the scene, chased by the 44-year-old's husband after she was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood.	met police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash.
hilarious video has mocked teenagers taking part in the # kyliejennerchallenge.	the mickey-taking video has already been watching more than three million times.	the worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend.
nigel farage said party is only seen as racist by white people.	but he said that when he goes into ‘ black parts’ of london he gets a warm reception.	mr farage said the idea that ukip is based on ‘ no evidence whatsoever’.
kim kardashian told e! on friday afternoon during a variety event that she would indeed be watching former stepfather bruce jenner talk to diane sawyer later that evening.	but kim kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by variety's 2015 power of women luncheon in new york on friday.
baltimore police commissioner anthony batts ruled out his resignation despite that fact that his deputy admitted they should have sought medical attention for freddie gray.	six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.	commissioner anthony batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation.
vladmir lenin may have been dead for 90 years, but his corpse looks better than the day he passed.	this is the claim made by his embalmers, who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary's body.
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters.	they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system.	hopes the posters encourage us to expand our presence into the solar system - especially as our planet is vulnerable to cosmic disasters.
the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people.	new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.	other states have more concrete time periods, such as 11pm to 5am or 12am to 6am.
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his parents bob, 90, and elsie, 83, and then driven their bodies 150 miles in a grey nissan micra.	but the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost.	prosecutors have been accused of losing a nissan micra at the centre of a double murder case.
archaeologists believe the stronghold, which would have been cut off from the land at high tide, may have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country.	the picts were a group of tribes who lived north of the forth and clyde during the late iron age and early medieval period.
japanese authorities detected an unusually high level of radiation.	it was not immediately clear why radiation levels were so high in the park.	authorities believe that the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park.
jeni's splendid ice creams of ohio said on thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery.	the company is recalling its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets, ice cream sandwiches and closing retail stores until its products are' ensured to be 100 per cent safe'.	the action follows a similar recall by texas-based blue bell creameries on monday night.
britain's last guantanamo bay detainee shaker aamer is expected to be freed as early as june, according to us government sources.	it came as the man appointed by president barack obama to speed up the closure of the notorious prison camp said there was ‘ no sound reason’ for keeping the terror suspect locked up any longer'.	mr aamer, who lived in south london with his wife and children, is the longest-serving uk resident in guantanamo.
christopher wheeler, 54, worked at the exclusive tower hill school in delaware.	authorities raided his $350,000 mansion in wilmington in october 2013.	one of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult while performing a sex act.	nikolai has however denied the allegations and wheeler has not faced abuse charges.
john fleckenstein, with battle creek area catholic schools, claims that the school made many accommodations for rose and that none of them seemed to help her enough.	last week st. joseph's middle school, a private catholic school, sent a letter to rose mcgrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance.	even though her daughter is no longer getting cancer treatment, that her recovery will take some time.
lyle jeffs stepped up to head the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints when brother warren jeffs was sentenced to prison in 2007.	she claims the church has' become even more disturbing than it was under warren'
jessa, 22, and her husband ben seewald are known for being incredibly fitness- and health-conscious, and now that they are expecting their first child, they have to adapt their lifestyle.	jessa has revealed that she is pregnant with their first child.
bruce jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1990.	the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis, and had plastic surgery to make himself look more feminine, shortly after winning the olympic gold.	he says he stopped out of' fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he could n't bear it any longer.
paul gregory, 51, of bedford, has been fined £795 for having a blue badge, claiming he could only walk 200 metres, when in fact he was a keen walker.	council officials noticed a newspaper report recounting his exploits on a 191-mile hike.	he was exposed when bedford borough council staff read an article in the westmorland gazette, describing how the' experienced walker' had been attacked by cows in a field at the edge of shap in cumbria.	he was fined £795, ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work and pay a £60 victim surcharge.
the concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from china, but there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is.	the airport could also be called' birmingham london' as the hs2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital.	birmingham airport announced in march it would be re-branding in china as it revealed a run of flights to beijing.
ann summers, known best for its mainstream erotic lingerie and toys, has unveiled its very first foray into bridal wear.	the collection includes a curve-skimming dress, an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets.	items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32a-38dd.
stud farm owner sonia sharrock looked relieved as she managed to save her horses from the nsw floods thanks to help from her brother-in-law steve spowart (left) and his surfboard.	the animals’ owner, sonia sharrock, praised her ‘ absolutely amazing’ brother-in-law, for his incredible feat, saying ‘ i don’t know what i would have done without him and my sister’.	it was really difficult and absolutely freezing, ’ ms sharrock told daily mail australia.
the suspects, all of somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies.	there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs.	u.s. magistrate judge becky thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed.
photographer martin beck has snapped captain america, iron man and green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime.	the dubai-based artist of scottish and south african heritage has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour in his latest project called we can be heroes.
cross-dressing robber allegedly robbed the taylors hill store last month.	he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash.	the man was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date.
sofia abramovich is the daughter of chelsea fc owner abramovich's daughter.	the 18-year-old has criticised her on instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity.	but now sofia has hit back, saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life.
bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick.	the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation.	western australia and some public servants have decided to go it alone and will get monday off.
the narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday.	authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties.	a group of highly trained firefighters, police and engineers undertook the difficult task of pulling it down.
un high commissioner for human rights zeid ra'ad al husein said katie hopkins had used language similar to that of rwandan media in the run up the 1994 genocide and by nazis in the 1930s.	un high commissioner has urged britain to crack down on tabloid newspapers inciting racial hatred.
duchess of cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now.	but camilla lawrence, a women’s health physiotherapist, warns that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth.
a bullet passed clean through a woman's neck after she was shot at by an unknown gunman driving down the i-25 highway north of denver, colorado.	she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck.	miraculously, the bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels.
collector alan mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers, which bear phrases such as:' may i be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening'.	but rather a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive.
kim jong un addresses korean people's army pilots in an undated photo released by the state news agency earlier this month.	the pariah state may have 20 nuclear warheads - double as many as previously thought, the report, which cited people briefed on the matter.	north korea has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in february 2013.
the intruders broke into a home in hatfield peverel, essex, flooded the kitchen, dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree.	they stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage.	there seems to be no method to the ransacking of the property, with cupboards open at random and emptied on to the floor.
sea bright fire chief chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday.	footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors.
detective sergeant stephen phillips, 46, and police constables christopher evans, 37, and michael stokes, 34 are all facing charges of' theft by a serving police officer'.	cardiff crown court heard that the three officers from south wales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department.
louise henderson alakil, 49, moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago.	she is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children, miriam, 11, and ayesha, nine, amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them.	britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country.
angelina jolie, 32, has become increasingly known for her humanitarian work.	but the hollywood star is at the centre of controversy after the makers of difret were accused of exploiting the real-life victim at the heart of its story.	miss bekele believes the film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals.
parents have launched a campaign to overturn a primary school headteacher's decision to ban all drinks except water during the school day.	headteacher linda shute has banned children from consuming drinks - including tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks.	some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
usain bolt has made no secret of his love for chicken nuggets, kfc hot wings, pringles crisps and a pint of guinness.	but now the jamaican sprinter has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables instead.
yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world.	it is situated in yellowstone national park - which spans the midwestern us states of wyoming, idaho and montana.	silicic is used to describe magma or igneous rock rich in silica.
kate dearaugo talked to kyle sandliands and jackie o about her drug-taking past.	she said that it was after her stint on young divas that she began to spiral out of control, eating herself' into a mess'.
landmark developments ltd tore down a derelict property in bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats.	residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council.	bath and north east somerset council says the developer has committed a' breach' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.	he said:' i do n't know how it was possible that things have got to this stage'.
dr warren weinstein, from rockville, maryland, is currently serving an 86-year prison sentence in the united states for the attempted murder of a united states army captain.	the 73-year-old was killed alongside giovanni lo porto during an anti-terrorist strike on the afghanistan-pakistan border intended to kill members of the group.	it has also been claimed dr warren weinstein, who was killed during a us drone strike in january, gave money to his kidnappers.
researchers warned cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes.	they found the risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.	cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to more than 13.7billion in 2011.
kyle toth, who runs his own custom woodworking business, built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula.	it measures a whopping 45ft in length, and was trying to drop this tree in between two others.	kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides.
david marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder of eni mevish, a 20-year-old student at staffordshire university.	the 68-year-old stabbed her in the heart, lungs and liver six months after they met because he was' jealous' of her other friendships, stafford crown court heard.	prosecutors told the court miss mevish had received financial support from the pensioner, though the nature of their friendship is not clear.	he asked mr bukhari to leave them alone before being heard' swearing, shouting' and asking' why did n't you text me?'
navinder sarao, 36, was dubbed the' hound of hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents, despite allegedly making £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home.	sarao's family's semi-detached house in suburban west london is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges.	sarao is accused of making £26million by' spoofing' the stock market from his parents' semi in hounslow, west london.	he is accused of using computer programs to create' spoof' transactions on the chicago mercantile exchange.
bill parker, 34, of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday.	he thought a rock hit him in the face not realizing it was actually a metal fence wire.	bill parker, 34, of gulfport was mowing his lawn on april 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity.
alessandra ambrosio found fame as a victoria's secret angel.	she shows off her latino style and golden tan as she poses in a new campaign for online fashion retailer dafiti, which was shot in são paulo.	the mother-of-two models the new a/w15 collection, which has eight lines in a variety of styles ranging from clothing to footwear.
kim and kanye west made a high-profile tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots.	paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband.
the ultimate wheeler dealer, del boy's gift of the gab came from a difference in the way his brain worked.	compared to the less silver tongued among us, the super speakers – showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech.
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.	consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000.	analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
richard hammond has ruled out returning to top gear as he vowed:' i wo n't quit my mates'.	the announcement came as the show's former executive producer andy wilman launched a scathing attack on' meddling bbc executives' in a top gear magazine editorial.	mr wilman, who is a childhood friend of clarkson, sensationally quit the corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster.	hammond took to twitter to announce that he would not' quit my mates' jeremy clarkson and james may.
samantha crossland, 30, was pocketing parents’ fees being paid to the child’s play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position.	she had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back and crossland.	nursery owner lynda quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “s.	it was not clear whether this was samantha - or her mother susan crossland.
thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms.	enough room for five guests, the underwater suites – poseidon and neptune – boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium.	each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes, dom perignon champagne for non-muslim guests, and 24-hour private butler service.
60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria.	experts in the us found the majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east asia.
kansas city beat rivals the chicago white sox descended into a mass brawl yesterday.	umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of thursday's game at chicago's u.s. cellular field.
skywest airlines flight 5622 was flying from chicago to connecticut when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure.	as an increasing number of passengers began to complain of dizzyness, and three lost consciousness, the pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes.	but despite the calamitous events, an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane.
imran uddin used a keyboard spying device to hack into university computers.	he then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself.	he plugged these into the back of a number of staff computers at the university of birmingham.	he was jailed for four months at birmingham crown court.
conrad clitheroe, 54 and gary cooper, 45, from stockport, were arrested on national security grounds have been released.	conrad clitheroe, 54, and gary cooper, right, were thrown in jail after being arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in dubai.	clitheroe's wife valerie had written to british prime minister david cameron to ask him to intervene in the case.
brian bayers tearfully recalled how he accidentally backed over his 18-month-old son on thursday.	bayers thought his son jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open.	jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front wheels back around, he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle.
twitter has rolled out a new feature dubbed' highlights', aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day.	the service provides a twice-daily summary' of the best tweets for you, delivered via rich push notification,' twitter's gordon luk said in a blog post.	highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device.
asda has found that rump, fillet and t-bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out but when we cook at home the majority of us (55 per cent) rely on burgers or mince.
aussie the dog had always been very protective of his owners kai, seven, and sophie, 10.	but the wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of the puddles meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current.	aussie was walking just ahead of the kids and when he stepped into the first puddle he was electrocuted and died instantly.
b-list stars will be breathing a sigh of relief after a spanish tv station announced it would be shelving plans to make them face their worst ordeal yet - being chased by rampaging bulls.	state broadcaster rtve has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in pamplona.
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion.	the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.	it could be used for other sports like cycling, cross-country skiing and rowing.
thomas hoey jr., 43, was sentenced wednesday by u.s. district judge kevin castel.	kimberly calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol.	castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was' integral to the lifestyle of cocaine, sex and parties' of hoey, who ran a lucrative banana importing business on long island he inherited from his father and grandfather.
morgan geyser, 12, is accused of stabbing a classmate to please the horror character slender man, to a psychiatric treatment center.	geyser's attorney, anthony cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.	cotton's client has a hearing in june to determine if her case should be moved to juvenile court.
gray, 25, was arrested on april 12 in baltimore and died a week later.	the cause of his fatal spine injury has not been revealed.	but a troubling detail emerged as hundreds of protesters converged on city hall again thursday.	unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called' paddy wagons'.
gary goldsmith, the controversial brother of kate’s mother, posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua, cheech, on social media.	his accompanying message included the words: ‘ evil s***… coming to get ya.
robert bates,73, who has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris, was given special treatment when he was admitted into the deputy program.	documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed bates.	he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2.
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour.	the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded best road in the world.	the road takes drivers along the river douro and the picturesque regional wine towns of the unesco world heritage site.	stretching for 27 km, the road includes heart-stopping 93 bends and jaw dropping scenery.
pictures show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the floor in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in sao paulo, brazil.	the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour.	pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online and have sparked outrage across brazil.
aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault.	he was eventually arrested in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations over two weeks.	he visited five different police stations without being apprehended and even flashing his genitals outside one.
owner tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town.	but lucky for george, a family was willing to stay with shelby - and only more strangers followed as they heard his story.	george had to leave his dog shelby stuck by the great salt lake.
mohamad saeed kodaimati, 24, is accused of making false statements during interviews with the fbi and other us authorities at the us embassy in ankara.	saeed, who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17, is accused of making false statements involving syrian militants.	saeed and his brother show them in the spring of 2014 when saeed later admitted he shot up a syrian prison.
nicholas salvador, 25, is accused of killing palmira silva, 82, in her garden in september last year.	she was found dead in a garden in nightingale road, edmonton, north london, in september 2014.	salvador, an only child, is thought to have left home at the age of around 13 or 14.
mary todd lowrance, 49, a teacher at moises e molina high school, turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning, according to dallas isd police chief craig miller.	miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months.	if the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the dallas police department.
twitter user rick borgmeyer uploaded photograph of an officer patrolling liberty island with a dog.	some 2,700 tourists were rushed off liverty island by boat operators just after midday friday after a 911 caller said he was' going to blow up'.
villagers, including children as young as 10, roast themselves over the open fire in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire.	seconds later they throw themselves into the flame while a hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns.
jean pockett, the widow of private arthur herbert pockett, is one of 10 war widows brought to gallipoli by the department of veteran's affairs for anzac day this saturday.	among them is jean pockett, who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in turkey on thursday.	mrs pockett is the widow of private arthur pockett, who fought with australian forces on the western front during the first world war.
exeter has been dubbed' too posh for monopoly' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of old kent road.	it's the most popular board game in the world, with hundreds of versions springing up in far-flung cities across the globe.	monopoly-makers say they have developed boards for cities across the country but have never come across the current dilemma.
nicole kidman, naomi watts, geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have all made significant contributions to australia through film and television that will no doubt last a lifetime.	but recently uncovered documents from ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in world war one.
sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she ca n't roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers.	luckily for sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer stacy jones olandt.
allied soldiers land and begin the attack at gallipoli, sometimes known as the dardanelles campaign.	thousands of visitors from the uk, australia, new zealand, india and france have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the great war.
barry lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence.	he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm.	but on friday, patrick had his arm around his brother, who was crying when magistrate graeme curran handed down the sentence in the downing centre local court.	patrick appeared to have recovered well since the incident and probably did n't require further treatment.
mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster, worcestershire, in 1943.	she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory, working as the only woman in her department.	she worked as the only woman in its laboratory between 1943 and 1945.
abu hafs al-badri, the youthful teenager is claimed to be the cousin of abu bakr al-bagdadhi, the extremist group's self-styled caliph.	it appears isis's growing strategy of using teenage suicide bombers indicates their continued focus on indoctrinating impressionable local teenagers and turning them into deadly bombers.	not even old enough to grow a beard, teenage suicide bomber abu hafs al-badri is claimed to be one of the cousins of isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi.
ariana mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a' stranglehold' at a las vegas hotel.	after filing a civil rights lawsuit against officer shawn izzo and the metropolitan police department, she told reporters yesterday:' what happened to me was wrong and i do n't want it to happen to anybody else.	two of her teeth were also broken, she says.	ariana was flanked by her parents, fred and francina watts - and her lawyer brent bryson as she relived her ordeal.
kevin bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine' avoidable' procedures.	the semi-retired teacher at a specialist children's unit said his life had been changed forever.	his family had been patients of mr crees for more than 10 years.
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle, when all of a white sedan veers left into its path.	the car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying.	despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
efan james, 26, was found lying face down and unresponsive the morning after hannah james, 26, took him to bed.	coroner mark layton said:' the advice is that it is not wrong to share a bed with your baby – but you should refrain from doing so if you are “ excessively tired”'.
khalid rashad, 61, appeared at camberwell magistrates court today.	charged with possession of an explosive substance for a firearm without a certificate.	rashad was born burnell' bernie' mitchell - the brother of liz mitchell, lead singer with 1970s hit group boney m.
tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school's performance, sending students 10 feet into an orchestra pit.	one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school.	the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
trussell trust asks for a' donation' of £1,500 from churches and community groups.	volunteers are told they will be given a website, publicity materials and relationships with supermarkets such as tesco.	one critic accused the network – which charges foodbanks £360 for each subsequent year.
former royal marine bobby burnett beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes in a two-year-long campaign of terror.	the 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the commando training centre at lympstone, devon, and at her home.	he told police she was lying about his repeated assaults but inquiries showed he had asked the marines for help to control his domestic violence.	burnett, 30, who has been in custody since leaving the commando training centre, admitted aggravated harassment and making threats to kill.
anna moser's daughter sharista giles of sweetwater, tennessee, was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover.	she was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles.	giles was given a two-per cent chance of recovering, moser was confident her daughter would wake up.
the settlement of aogashima in the philippine sea, has 200 inhabitants who live in the middle of a volcanic crater in the zanskar region.	the last time the class-c volcano erupted was in the 1780s, and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island.
charlie stayt's embarrassing spelling error during a live broadcast.	the presenter left out the letter' c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton, hampshire.	viewer hardy lion tweeted:' # bbcbreakfast ha ha spelt education wrong!!! could do better!'
volcano calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the'apocalypse-like' event.	hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of puerto montt, chile, and its deadly ash cloud caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety.	but one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume of ash and smoke rising from the mouth of the volcano.
kay bennett, 33, from swindon, says she ca n't get a job because of her six facial tattoos.	says she has applied for more than 40 jobs but has had no success because of her 18 tattoos.
washington couple's three-year-old had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night.	his mother said she broke down in tears after the realization hit home that a total stranger was able to control the camera to watch their son and spy on them.	they believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device.
billy gordon was told by queensland premier annastacia palaszczuk to quit after the explosive details of his dark past were revealed.	she has finally spoken out in an interview with a current affair, detailing the domestic violence she suffered through, as well as the disappointment she feels as a result of how the queensland government have handled the situation.	ms peckham said she and her partner started dating in 2001 before finally splitting in 2012.
dr giorgi-guarnieri testified on friday during court hearings in washington, d.c., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions john hinckley jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital.	hinckley's lawyers said mental illness drove the then 25-year-old hinckley to shoot the president in an effort to impress actress jodie foster.	hinckley's attorney, barry levine, said on wednesday on the first day of hearings that hinckley is' clinically ready' to live permanently outside the hospital.
the frenchwoman also used her classes to defend adolf hitler's domestic record.	she is alleged to have said she hoped' german tanks come to renoir to subdue unruly pupils'.	she has since been suspended from the auguste remoir college in limoges, west-central france.
nasa’s mars reconnaissance orbiter spotted its robotic companion on the surface of the red planet.	the rover is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock.	but interestingly, the rover’s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather.
wat pha luang ta bua in thailand's western kanchanaburi province.	long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks.	however, thai wildlife officials began a headcount on friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week.
opera singer liu guijuan is heavily criticised for showing off her headdress made with feather from 80 kingfishers.	peking opera singer liu guijuan wrote in her post on weibo, china's equivalent of twitter, that she had bought the rare headpiece more than a decade ago for 120,000 yuan (£10,775)
edda goering cheated the hangman at nuremberg by committing suicide.	the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him.	ms goering petitioned the bavarian parliament's legal affairs committee for compensation for her' father's legacy expropriated in the year 1948'.
adam and jane shalakhova have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year-old who hails from east london.	the trio appeared on today's this morning with boyfriend adam to explain how their polyamorous relationship works and makes them all happy.	brooke has a five-year-old son, oliver, from a previous relationship and has just had another baby, danté, with adam.
michael gridley, 26, was jailed for a year after orchestrating a scam to steal £15,000 of goods from the asda in basildon, essex, where he worked.	asda manager orchestrated a scam that used the supermarket's own delivery service to steal goods worth more than £15,000.	asda, one of which suggested mr gridley was involved in selling items believed to have been stolen, such as tvs and baby formula.
linda hunter says she is stuck in a' ghetto' after liverpool city council offered to sell homes in her street for £1.	but eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition.	estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than £1 as other houses in the street are being sold off at that price by the council.
reverend creflo dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate' $300 or more' so that he could purchase a gulfstream g650 to replace his current damaged aircraft.	the televangelist, who is known to own two rolls royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work.
17-year-old driver was travelling with four passengers along anderson road.	group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin, crashed into a solid brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall.
tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order.	the owners insist they want to avoid a high profile stand-off while blm officials say they want to resolve the dispute peacefully.
duke and duchess of cambridge have apparently been taking parenthood second time round in their stride.	william and kate, whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week.
lawyers for brett peter cowan, who was convicted for the murder of 13-year-old schoolboy daniel morcombe in 2014, will file an application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal, citing a potential bias in the case.	cowan received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the sunshine coast teenager's body in 2003.	cowan's barrister, peter davis, said bravehearts' interests were contrary to cowan's, which created the conflict.
ibrahim ahmad, a senior at la center high in washington state will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.	ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity.
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near shahpur in pakistan.	residents may not approve of the addition because it is shown urinating on an apple logo.	it is not an official google feature and the image is believed to have been added using google's map maker.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight on saturday, may 2, in las vegas, nevada.	the mgm grand marquee was lit up with the pair of boxers ahead of their highly-anticipated fight on may 2.	if that were to happen, broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions.
zoo weekly removed all' offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from facebook.	department of veteran affairs said the word' anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes- like zoo weekly's' special anzac centenary issue'- without permission'.
angelina jolie briefed the un in her role as special envoy in new york.	the actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in syria.	she has been a unhcr goodwill ambassador since august 2001.
remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion, and initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd.	but when the piercing became inflamed, remmie was forced to remove the bar - and the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on spaulding avenue l.a.'s fairfax district.	a picture taken of kurt cobain in the early 90s, sitting on the end of the double bed he shared with courtney love.	kurt cobain and courtney love lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992, just before frances bean cobain was born.
loretta lynch, who has served as the nation's top law enforcement official since the start of the obama administration, was confirmed by the senate following a months-long delay.	the event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of congress, former president bill clinton and holder's wife, sharon malone.	holder, a former judge and u.s. attorney who took the job in 2009, will exit the department as the third-longest serving attorney general in u.s. history.
andre gignac says he made the' stunning discovery' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity.	he says he became suspicious about a' dark spot' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look.	he claims he became curious about a' dark spot' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image.	others have claimed that bunker pictures were taken by the european space agency, mars express orbital vehicle.
shabana bibi, 25, died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body.	police have arrested her husband muhammad siddique and father-in-law pir bakhsh.	bibi's brother, muhammad azam said siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
carol cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in texas in october 1980.	police in bossier parish, louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road outside shreveport.
eu leaders have agreed a package of measures to tackle the escalating migrant crisis in the mediterranean.	pledges to send in warships and triple funding for rescue patrols.	within days, british warship hms bulwark and the german supply ship berlin are expected to be sent to the region.
john truong thought he was helping his sister have a nice night out with her boyfriend.	instead, he ended up an unknowing accomplice to a bizarre abduction.	authorities say chang and nguyen incapacitated the child's mother at her home in des moines, washington, bound her with plastic ties and then took the two to another home in fife.
three-year-old eliza-mae mullane was mauled in the face by her family's pet dog at their home in neyland, pembrokeshire.	she was playing in the garden on thursday afternoon when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog' gripping' the three-year-old by her head.	the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull.
julieane jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering.	his mother julieane jablonski, 38, was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness, the fort collins police said on wednesday.	detectives allege that jablonski told the teen after he was hospitalized for the fall on april 14' he needed to recant his statement to the police and lie about where the marijuana came from,' he wrote on tuesday.
vivienne garton, 65, was devastated by her 10-year-old west highland terrier ben was snatched from her garden in knowle west, bristol, earlier this month.	she began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home, but shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid £500.	mrs garton, who lives with her husband and four grandchildren aged between eight and 18, says a number of her posters have now been ripped down.
health bloggers and celebrities alike sing superfoods' praises and scientists publish countless studies into their health benefits.	each woman, who has been making use of superfoods, swears by the stuff - and her wrinkle-free skin, boundless energy and the fact that she does n't even have a doctor are surely testament to the power.
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion.	but its parent company fell into financial difficulties.	judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off.
last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an arctic island for around 5,000 years.	they were the biggest of the ice age giants, roaming the frozen plains of the northern hemisphere.	but it seems the final days of the woolly mammoth were a sad struggle for survival.	however, many scientists fear these animals would be unable to survive in the modern world without their ancient habitat.
connor sullivan, of cupertino, california, attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours.	police and volunteers had searched (left) frantically for connor sullivan, 17, of cupertino, california.	sullivan reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at monta vista high school, which grow pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces (file photo).
google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt last year.	it was the largest stock package that schmidt has received since 2011 when google awarded him a bundle valued at $94 million at the time he relinquished the ceo's job to company co-founder larry page.	schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
sanjay chaddah concocted a' tissue of lies', claiming dean paton kicked him and called him a'p**i' following the 18-month boundary dispute in the wirral.	but the move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing.	yesterday chaddah, 43, who claimed he was suffering from post-traumatic stress, punched the air with delight as he strolled free from court.
met office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on.	britain is set to go from being hotter than moscow, stockholm and finland in a matter of days.
pregnant meteorologist kristi gordon received hate mail from viewers' appearance on their screens.	critics told the six-months pregnant meteorologist kristi gordon that her' front end looks like a brick s***house.	but it seems that abuse of pregnant tv presenters daring to get on with their jobs during their pregnancy is nothing new.
syracuse university student lania roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one's self unconditionally.	lania gave a moving motivational speech titled' love yourself unconditionally'.	she also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw.
comcast ceo brian roberts declared,' today we move on' in announcing that the company was abandoning its bid to buy time warner cable.	the proposed merger would have merged comcast's 30million customers with time warner cable's 11million.	this followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like disney and 21st century fox.
cadbury's is set to release a super bar containing not one but seven different fillings.	the seven-row will contain one row each of: dairy milk caramel, dairy milk oreo, dairy milk daim, and dairy milk turkish.	the brand had conducted research which showed that britons can be hesitant to try new flavours and created the bar which includes their seven' core flavours.
graeme finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips, 70, and his wife june, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner.	the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae.	the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by mr phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife.
bradley parkes, 16, is fighting for his life in a coma after a suicide attempt.	his mother tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in coventry.	she described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face.	bradley's devastated family are at his bedside at birmingham children's hospital.
vonda thedford, 55, told fox news she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground.	when she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had' a little truck' in place of a nose,' little toes' and' hair on its tail'.
clive schlee, chief executive of the coffee giant, revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy.	the staff have to give away a certain number of hot drinks and food every week.
sawyer sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in texas on thursday morning.	his manager, dino may, told us weekly there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs.	when news of the suicide broke, actor and comedian ray romano, 57, said he was' terribly saddened, by the news'.
charles severance was arrested in march 2014 over the murders of nancy dunning, ron kirby and ruthanne lodato.	all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks: dunning in 2013 and lodato last year.	severance's writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and also included the words:' the last scream of a victim echoes to eternity... murder on my mind, and my mind on murder'.
deshawn isabelle, 15, arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train after his mother recognized his face on surveillance images and turned him in to police.	isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in thailand and spent it on junk food, air jordan track suits and his graduation fees, according to assistant state’s attorney joe dibella.	during the brutal beating, isabelle put his hands inside the woman's pants and sexually assaulted her.
brianne altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students.	she testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst.	but the boys were all minors, and utah law also says a person can not consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater.	the bubbling lava erupting from the volcanic vent hades produced a distinctive acoustic signature.	rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum.
tibetan mastiffs are now so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses.	tibetan mastiffs has had a huge impact on the breed's popularity.	mastiffs are also being stolen from the streets by ruthless gangs.
engineers have developed a human powered vehicle (hpv) (hpv) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in nevada later this year.	it will be piloted and powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over 656ft (200-metres) to beat the record.	it will be powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac.
brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor, maine on thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot.	he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he found and realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department, sergeant tim cotton said.	chen went to the security office to ask if the money had been turned in or if surveillance footage had revealed what could have happened to it.
remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch, dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000 - the same price as a family home in many parts of britain.	owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to christchurch borough council for use of the hut which can sleep up to five people.
eve stratford, a 22-year-old glamour model who worked at london's playboy club, was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home on september 3, as she returned from a night out with friends.	she was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next morning and died a week later.	eve stratford, a playboy bunny, was stabbed between eight and 12 times when she was murdered on the evening of 18 march 1975.	both murders were linked in july 2006 after matching dna was discovered on the victims, who did not know each other.
kim pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at ceva logistics in wyandotte, michigan, on march 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors.	her attempt at secrecy, however, was foiled minutes later when two employees went to the restroom, which was covered in blood.
an extremely rare species of shark has been discovered off the gulf of mexico.	the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it.	this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds.
little jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city, central china.	her mother zheng jiayu, 31, who left jiaojiao at home on her own, now can not afford the huge £100,000 medical bill, according to people's online daily.
taliban announced the launch of operation azm, meaning' determination'.	the attacks symbolize a worrying indicator of the broad areas being targeted by the taliban.	the taliban have been waging an jihadi insurgency since they were forced out of power in late 2001.
louis tomlinson is clearly visible in previously unseen pictures from his wild night out with five girls.	he was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at london's soho hotel on wednesday night, in which he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance.	now, a series of newly-released snapchat shots have emerged, appearing to show the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in london.
sgt louise lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter olivia in swansea, south wales, when she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway - a busy road in the city centre.	onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision.
towie star lucy mecklenburgh called on her younger sister lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for the fake tan brand.	lucy, 23, and her 19-year-old sister prove that good looks run in the family as they pose in their swimsuits and show off their golden glows in the new shoot.
kim woodward is the first woman to run the savoy grill kitchen in its 126-year history.	the 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the strand, london in 1889.
andrew hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so-called first responder to all types of 999 call.	mr hichens will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof.
students from zeta beta tau at both the university of florida and emory university in atlanta, georgia.	they allegedly disrespected disabled veterans by spitting on them, shouting verbal abuse and urinating on the american flag during a charity weekend.	but instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters, who were attending a formal, threw beer off the balcony.	nicholas connole, who served 18 months in afghanistan and nine months in iraq told wjhg the students spat at him and his service dog.
samsung's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about samsung's upcoming developer scheme.	images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about samsung's upcoming developer scheme.	samsung said it will be the 7th generation of samsung gear with a wrist watch type.
midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014.	newcastle is the most pest-infested place in the country with 5 per cent of those living on tyneside reporting problems with rats, cockroaches, wasps and other creepy crawlies.
hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer years after stopping taking hormone replacement therapy.	the women's health initiative in the uk have both revealed strong evidence that hrt increases a woman's risk of breast, womb and ovarian cancers.
scottish hamlet named towie is bracing itself for the world's next gold rush.	local streams have been known for grains of gold of' significant size' for decades.	towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry but a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions.
christien sechrist, a 20-year-old from houston, texas, had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in july.	but a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on imgur earlier this week.
new york yankees' chase headley hits a two-run single as snow falls during the first inning of a baseball game against the detroit tigers on wednesday.	the news comes after a tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon.	friday's weather may see storms in a number of states, including dallas and houston.
robert o'neill, who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the al qaeda leader, will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole, wyoming.	potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning for america non-profit and told to write back by may 10 for a chance to open fire alongside o'neill.
ed miliband has been accused of stooping to a' shameful' new low by blaming david cameron for the mediterranean refugee crisis.	labour leader used a keynote campaign speech today to suggest the deaths of hundreds of refugees fleeing north africa could have been avoided if the prime minister had done more following his intervention in libya to remove the former dictator.	it comes after mr cameron held emergency talks with eu leaders in brussels yesterday over how to tackle the growing humanitarian crisis.
george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988.	george, currently 102, proposed on valentine's day and will marry for the third time on june 13 - getting hitched to doreen in front of 60 guests.
barbara anne beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in greenville on january 2.	coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect.
elizabeth' elle' edmunds established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment.	police alleged the 31-year-old mother from belmont, near newcastle in nsw, used a falsified certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page.
1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for £739,212 - a record for the auction house.	the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years.	but when it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million.
christopher whitmore, 36, pulled up behind to where his wife was parked with their son grayden in the backseat.	ball was seen pulling into the joint shell station and mcdonald's in her ford focus at around 7pm, when her husband drove up behind her in his 2010 dodge.	police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated - but at this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting in varnell.
xie shisheng, who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner, was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week.	now 34, a very gaunt xie, who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world.
navinder singh sarao, 37, is facing extradition and is wanted by american prosecutors after allegedly causing the 2010 wall street' flash crash'.	sarao, of hounslow, west london, spent a third night in custody last night after failing to pay the £5million surety demanded by the courts to grant him bail.	however, he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance, and will remain in custody until at least monday when he is able to pay the money.	it's claimed he did all this from his parents' semi-detached home in hounslow, west london.
the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities.	but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge.	chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services - but has now given postmates the green light, new york daily news reports.
one african elephant has subverted the resort's efforts to keep him from emptying their pools.	one of the animals is often ticked off the list before leaving the hotel.	this elephant has taken such a liking to the etali safari lodge's pools.
holocaust survivor eva kor has spoken of how infamous josef mengele stood over her bed and laughed after she was injected with a' deadly germ'.	groening, who worked for an insurance company after the war, has testified as a witness in other nazi trials.	she claims groening was so overwhelmed by her unexpected gesture that he fainted.
kerrie armitage, from leeds, suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water.	she claims a kiss from her husband peter can trigger a painful flare-up.	her condition means external exposure to water is the main problem, rather than drinking liquid.
bahar mustafa, 27, appeared to ban men and white people from attending meeting in this facebook post.	handmade poster refers to a ban on' cis' or cisgender men, a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match.	non-binary is a term used to describe people who do not consider themselves exclusively male or female.
danny alexander tweeted a picture of himself with his response to the infamous note left in the treasury by a labour predecessor, saying there was' no money' left.	the memo, found by his liberal democrat successor david laws, said:' we wo n't let you – or the tories – screw it up!'
benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist, cork circuit criminal court heard.	the 35-year-old window cleaner, from bradford, was one of three brits who were arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of ireland in september.	irish navy personnel stand guard behind the mountain of cocaine that was found on the yacht makayabella.	he was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation.
prince harry is one of the eight' future husbands' listed on the charm's playful spinner wheel.	the charm has a double-sided wheel of fortune-style spinner, allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin.
record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing.	proud aussies came together in huge numbers in sydney, while more paid their respects in queensland's regional and coastal towns of gympie and coolangatta.	tens of thousands have been laid at a cenotaph in sydney's cbd.
sydney's dan churchill, 25, has the us eating out of his hands - literally.	but there was one hollywood starlet in particular who was won over by his' bro burgers' and cheeky aussie charm.	churchill had taken to instagram with a post revealing blake lively was on the call sheet that same day, in a post that read:' just on a real quiet note... i will do my best to honour every little boys dream tomorrow'.
lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as st ives and windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.	billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year.
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike.	he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern.	but it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public.
lisa heath, 45, admitted carrying class b amphetamines after police were called and quizzed her.	she initially denied the drugs were hers, but later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession.	gwent police confirmed its officers were called to the school in ebbw vale on march 19 after receiving reports a controlled substance was discovered on the premises.
digital advancements will have the face, voice and personality of our favourite actor or comedian and appear to use as a 3d hologram image, or inside a watch or small piece of jewellery.	travel experience will become much more personalised in the next few years.
paul nungesser is suing columbia university for allowing emma sulkowicz to parade the school and take campus-provided transport with her mattress in protest against him.	the lawsuit was filed in manhattan federal court on thursday, three days after a judge tossed out another gender-based lawsuit brought by a male student against columbia university.	defendants include the school, its board of trustees, president lee c. bollinger and professor jon kessler.
alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like.	he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas in orbit.	it would have similar amenities and services to towns and cities on earth.
islamic state have reportedly launched their own' health service'.	the video's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs.	the video features an australian doctor, known as abu yusuf al-australi.
' project elysium' claims to do just that by creating a' personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed.	the technology, which is still under development, could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality.	almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family.
diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety.	diet pepsi, caffeine-free diet pepsi and wild cherry diet pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as splenda.
former district judge g. todd baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association.	baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old cherice moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher.	moralez killed herself before the case went to trial.
john elder and armin t. wegner documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million armenians constituted genocide.	us president barack obama is once again unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement marking the anniversary despite pledging he would during his election campaign.
driver, who is named ashley x after changing his surname by deed poll, was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the m11 in essex in 2009.	instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine, he initially ignored essex police's attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame, police said.	x, from ruislip, west london, finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice at ipswich crown court on thursday.
deputy's bodycam captured the officer shooting a dog dead.	the video, shot on kempink's body camera, showed the deputy jumping a fence as he went to investigate a burglar alarm going off at the property last friday.
jenna marotta, 27, of new york, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging' at first, jenna was just looking for a way to break out of her binge-eating routine.
researchers in the atlantic forest of serra do japi in the state of são paulo, brazil.	it was found to mate underground in secret chambers.	males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes.
daniela d'addario has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car and made the grim discovery on wednesday night, in bermagui, on the nsw south coast.	she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in fiji after he moved into her apartment in canberra.	ms d'addario's body was found in the boot of her blue hyundai getz just after 8.30pm on wednesday.
kate sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york.	state police say the female suspect had sullivan's social security number and a signed copy of her driver's license.	state police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in sullivan's name in new haven, connecticut.
openly-gay high school junior, anthony martinez, was touched when his straight guy pal jacob lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot.	he was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of' likes' and retweets online.	martinez instantly responded to the question with a big' yes' and excited hug.
dossier on lord janner is among 114 files on child sex abuse that has vanished from the home office.	home office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person.
new york mets closer jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol, major league baseball said on sunday.	the 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july.	mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for a banned substance.
randy and jodi speidel created online fundraisers on givefroward.com and gofundme.com in late february begging good samaritans for financial help.	mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off.
transport for london has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport.	the uncomfortable footage - which uses actors - sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male, who looks her up and down, gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her.
ariana miyamoto says it was often punishing growing up as the only black girl in her class in the port town of sasebo near nagasaki, where the us has a naval base and where her african-american father met her japanese mother.	the 20-year-old was born and raised in japan, speaks fluent japanese, and was last month chosen to represent her country in the miss universe pageant.
former model bianca gascoigne, 28, was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon.	the attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away when she fought them off.	mr gascoigne adopted the 28-year-old after he married her mother sheryl in 1996.
karen buckley died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate.	nursing student karen buckley died of head and neck injuries, it was revealed today as the man charged with her murder made his second court appearance.	her remains were uncovered at high craigton farm, near milngavie, east dunbartonshire.
lewis hamilton is creating a bit of a track record for himself.	he sprayed champagne on the podium in shanghai on sunday.	but a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior.
farage's' terrible' back and shoulder pain has forced him to cut his working day.	the ukip leader said the pain meant he was not' firing on all cylinders'.	but he revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury.
scottish first minister admits she understands concerns of english voters about her party being involved in a coalition government.	she also suggested that david cameron had been ‘ not unhelpful’ to the snp by gaining the party greater publicity.
james webster, 35, was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency.	he was caught after attracting attention of a fellow shopper, who spotted him moving the bag he was carrying closer to his unsuspecting victim.	webster had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming.	he admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing and was warned that he could face prison.
coyote led them on a chase through downtown new york city.	cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am, the new york post reported.	it was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the aspca.
peter gale, 47, was dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in surrey two weeks ago.	dismissed by nonsuch high school for ‘ unprofessional and inappropriate conduct’.	school rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
lord fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn trollope's 1858 novel doctor thorne into a new three-part historical drama for itv.	he said:' it is rooted in darkness and starts with a murder, which spreads its shadow over many of the principal characters'.	mary has grown up alongside the gresham sisters – augusta, beatrice and alexandrina.
dale cregan has reportedly been transferred from hmp manchester, formerly strangeways, to ashworth hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in maghull, merseyside.	the 31-year-old has reportedly been transferred to the same secure psychiatric hospital as moors murderer ian brady after going on hunger strike for the second time.	brady, who was jailed for life in 1966, was sent to ashworth hospital over 30 years ago.
haunted mirror is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a louisiana slave master while bruno amadio’s portrait of a weeping child.	four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old' chair of death'.
robert downey jr accused of making a racist remark about oscar-winning mexican director alejandro gonzalez inarritu.	hollywood star said:' look i respect the heck out of him.	i think for a man whose native tongue is spanish to be able to put together a phrase like' cultural genocide'.
hydraulic crane also recovered so-called' legal highs' as well as 22 phones, three sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof.	officers at the jail, privately run by controversial firm g4s, disclosed the haul in an internal document, which dramatically highlights the extent of drug use among the jail's 1,300 inmates.	altcourse, the first prison in the uk to be designed and constructed for a private operator, has been criticised for drug-related violence.
mary pat christie, 51, has quit her $475,000-a-year position at finance firm angelo gordon & co.	the official reason for the resignation was' to spend more time with her family and young children'.	but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor christie is coming closer to seeking the republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election.
alison saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia.	newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
gareth huw davies visits the volcanic outpost in the atlantic.	said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world.	draws up his list of things to see and do….
amal and george clooney are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on lake como.	the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney's 37th birthday in february, according to a source.	the form fitting silhouette highlighted amal's slim physique.
michael foster was appearing at a public ‘hustings’ in the camborne and redruth constituency.	he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by loveday jenkin who is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow.	ms jenkin claims mr foster turned to her and said:' you c***.	if you pick on me again i will destroy you'.
marco evaristti, the south american artist who is based in copenhagen, poured red into the strokkur geysir, found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik.	when they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result.	professing that' nature belongs to no one', he did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt.
tony mccoy ended his career as a jump jockey without adding to his haul of more than 4,300 winners.	mccoy, 40, has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years.	when he was handed the trophy for the final time today by former arsenal player ian wright, it emerged that the irish jockey will be allowed to keep it in perpetuity.
a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the 6,500-foot-high volcano.	the volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption, reports mashable.	volcano calbuco, believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile's 90 active volcanoes, had erupted for the first time at 6pm local time on wednesday.
shoccara marcus returned to her georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011.	she packed up her things and within two weeks returned to her family's atlanta, georgia home.	in a project about the complexity of family dynamics, marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation, both metaphoric and literal.
vince cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the conservatives again.	they regard cable a closet labour politician.	some labour mps fantasise that if only boyish ed miliband could have persuaded uncle vince to do something barmy.
kevin coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout.	but the schoolboy was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days.	now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout.
niall horan has died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury.	fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the' perfect colleague'.	derby county supporter niall horan said on twitter:' sad to hear to hear of the passing of colin bloomfield.	he was a super great guy and great commentator'.
ten years ago, i'm not a tribally political animal.	i am someone who runs and starts businesses, but most importantly wants to see our country succeed.	former blair ally charles dunstone is now supporting the conservative party in the election.
scientists will look at whether' adjustments' made to temperature records kept at individual weather stations around the world.	sceptics have argued that the effect of such adjustments – made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated, or heat-producing buildings are erected close to weather station sites.	sceptics claim that the effect of the adjustments is usually to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards.
bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina's estate.	the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina's estate according to nbc affiliate 11alive.	bobby was spotted earlier this week spending time at the dekalb medical center in decatur, georgia, where his daughter is being cared for.
britt mchenry was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals.	the disgraced espn reporter was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitols.	the 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic' markers'.	after surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened.	women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning.
rogue european eagle owl has been terrorising the dutch town of noordeinde for months.	locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird.	the wild owl, which weighs around 6lbs, spent around one minute perched on the woman's head.
dom joly proved he still had work to do on his diving despite training from tom daley, after making a real splash in the round-the-world volvo ocean race in brazil.	the 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg, from itajaí to newport, rhode island, u.s.
anna tilley survived after spending four days in intensive care with blood poisoning.	mother-of-two affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000 – more than breast, bowel and prostate cancer combined.
last week qatar's constellation group snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns claridge's, the connaught and the berkeley hotel.	the purchase was just the latest made by the qatari ruling family, who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties – including the shard – in an attempt to win a place in the british establishment.	last year, the oil-rich country became the first commercial sponsor of royal ascot.
dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington, d.c.	perino said the president had been in no hurry to leave the soldier's room as the mother screamed at him.	perino said she then saw' one tear' fall from the president's eye and down his face, which he did n't wipe away.
anzac day australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country.	the game, which dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s, made a resurgence as a way to pass time in the trenches.	up and down the country men and women, most with a beverage in hand, were yelling' heads' or' tails' as coins were thrown in the air.
a number of pages, written in arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty.	they are said to be advertising' reliable' and' comfortable' travel to europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.	eu leaders have now agreed a package of measures to tackle the escalating crisis in the mediterranean.
jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours.	there are only so many hours one can spend on a kindle, and woman can not live by fiction alone.
paul mason, from ipswich, was treated for an infection in his leg.	but the nhs have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin.	he has been left with a constant reminder of the size he once was - thanks to the excess skin sagging around his arms, legs and stomach.
elizabeth elena laguna salgado, 26, from chiapas, mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in provo, utah, april 16.	there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened.
pippa, 31, is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in geneva.	but they are all the rage in europe and pippa, 31, may be in line for a more practical present for her baby.
three eight-week old puppies were found near a tennessee goodwill donation site on april 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees.	the animals have been named greta garbo, bette davis and marilyn monroe, and have been flourishing since they began treatment, according to abc.
sydney's professor of gynecology hans peter dietz told daily mail australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment.	the image, which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called' the disciples of the new dawn' in the u.s, has been circulating on mother's groups.
john pat cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the army in a field in benburb, co armagh, in june 1974.	dennis hutchings, who has been charged with attempted murder, appeared at omagh magistrates court in co tyrone today.	a 73-year-old former soldier has been charged over the death of a man with learning difficulties in northern ireland more than 40 years ago.
nicholas connole, a wounded veteran who served 18 months in afghanistan, said both he and his dog were spat on by university of florida fraternity members during a charity weekend that honors wounded heroes in panama city.	the abuse occurred at the warrior beach retreat on april 17.	it is not know whether anyone in this picture was involved.	linda cope, founder of the warrior beach retreat, says she's never seen such disgusting behavior.
sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell, oxfordshire, into a home in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel at south leigh in shipton-on-cherwell, oxfordshire.	at the time he converted the property, branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from then until the present day, the virgin logo – which has gone on to adorn trains, planes and a multitude of other businesses.
navinder sarao, 36, made the bold claim in october last year in an email to business colleagues, which has been lodged in the northern district court of illinois as evidence in any future trial against him.	us prosecutors allege sarao, who was arrested last week, helped to trigger the' flash crash' of wall street on may 6, 2010, from his parents' house in hounslow, west london.	in an email to a company he set up in a caribbean tax haven, sarao asked for an urgent £4.25 million.
gary lincoln, 48, from port talbot in wales, was working in a house in cardiff.	his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist.	he put in in his sleeve' to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital.	neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the welsh centre.
william kerr absconded from a bail hostel in hull after he was released from hmp stocken in rutland on licence in january.	the 53-year-old, who was jailed in 1998 for the murder of maureen comfort, was apprehended in the street in waterloo, south london, around 7pm on friday.	william kerr, who strangled maureen comfort and put her body in a cupboard 20 years ago, has been rearrested after three weeks on the run.
zachary sheridan is believed to be missing after a deadly avalanche.	the natural disaster has claimed more than 1800 lives and more than 200 australians are confirmed safe but authorities are still trying to contact hundreds of others.	around 549 aussies are registered as travelling in the himalayan region.
ed miliband has hired a us guru who can help him convince himself that he can be prime minister.	mr miliband has constantly lagged behind prime minister david cameron in the personal rating polls.
nicola sturgeon has denied her sister's claims she used to shave the heads off her sister's barbie dolls.	but weeks after having to deny allegations of back-room plotting against ed miliband, mrs sturgeon has been rocked by more smearing claims yet.
macau has 26 casinos, including the largest in the world, the venetian.	located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of china.	it was run by portugal until 1999 when it became a special administrative region of china.
dontrell stephens did n't die after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff's office deputy adam lin.	the only item stephens had on his person when he was shot.	deputy lin fired his gun four times at stephens even though the then-20-year-old had a cellphone, not a gun.	stephens walked toward the deputy with his phone in his hand and was shot four times later.
pauline mckee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the' miss kitty' game at the isle hotel casino in waterloo, iowa after the state supreme court ruled her win came from a software error.	but on friday the iowa supreme court determined mckee, who has thirteen grandchildren, had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game.	the casino's failure to pay table, which are available for reading on the machine, amount to a contract between the casino and the player.	mansfield wrote in a ruling that dismissed mckee's lawsuit.
the show entitled the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other.	the show's concept is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage, spouses often become restless.
channel 4's indian summers star olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming the second series.	i’ve always had a love affair with thailand.	i came away convinced i was going to carry on doing a minimum of 30 minutes of meditation.
the eagles palace hotel is a fine escape zone for family holidays.	today, tall and bronzed, like a warrior from the legions of alexander the great, is at the wheel of a speedboat thrumming across the sparkling seas off the mount athos peninsula.
officers of the central motorway police group spotted the delorean - a replica of the car used in the back to the future films - being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between stoke-on-trent and crewe.	officers who pulled over the famous car tweeted:' look what i've just stopped on the a500.	there is no escaping us no matter where you are in space time! @ uktimemachine wo n't be happy!'
jay liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200c inferno at a block of flats in prestatyn, north wales.	his tenant lee-anna shiers, 20, her partner liam timbrell, 23, their baby charlie, 15 months, miss shiers’s nephew bailey, four, and niece skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat.	liptrot, who then owned 12 properties in prestatyn, gave evidence at smith’s trial at mold crown court.
east lancashire railway’s award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar.	east lancashire railway’s award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar, and this year’s event is expected to be the best yet with more activities than ever.
adam barker, who served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012, is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd.	the company made £501,319 profit in the year to last june, which will be split with his sister charlotte, 53, and brother laurence, 46.	the 47-year-old was first arrested in 2003 during a dawn raid on his house.
the man, who can not be named for legal reasons, was given a life sentence.	his depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just 10.	earlier the court heard how he' took his daughter's life' through sexual abuse.
jeannie flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a fulham cafe.	she heard concerned passers-by screaming' get her out because it's all going to collapse'.	ms flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she heard passers-by screaming' get her out because it's all going to collapse'.
eva chapin, 34, from west linn, oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home.	the qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in ghana, as'n*****' but wrote:' i am not racist'.
luis andres cuyun, 30, was riding in a car when two suspected mara salvatrucha members opened fired on him and his driver, who was injured in the attack.	cuyun had been riding to work before the sudden attack on friday morning.
programmer charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess.	if he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
an fbi agent's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot.	the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was' secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites.	police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break the case's handle free from the lock.
brynn johnson and cassie miller have known each other for some time.	but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy.	cassie was in her car picking up brynn's son for preschool in tenino, washington.	she accidentally ran over brynn's younger daughter, 17-month-old rowyn, who was killed.
governor david ige has n't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues.	the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes.	the bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders.
protesters have demolished the front window of foxtons brixton branch.	the store front of its brixton branch was covered in shattered glass while' no evictions' and' yuppies' was spray painted in black across their housing advertisements.	one of the event's organisers denounced the violent actions of' one idiot' but told mailonline there could be a reason foxtons is' continuously targeted'.
andreas christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro, cornwall.	nicole phillips, 45, from hastings in east sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at bodmin magistrates court on april 30.
mohammad ali akhtar was only on his second shift at the premier stores in flixton, greater manchester.	the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till.	cctv footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45pm on tuesday before wrestling with the brave cashier, who refused his demands.
dr adrian quarterman, of dundee university, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy, the times reported.	the satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light.	if it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland.
valdosta state university found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an air force veteran and former playboy model, michelle manhart, taking an american flag from demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism.	manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag.
boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee.	their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like a honeybee.
aaron kaufman, the former chief technology officer of blue shield, has been accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with reid.	blue shield claimed that at one event bankrolled by kaufman's card she' behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media.	reid, 39, shot to fame on the back of roles in the big lebowski and american pie, and now features in the overblown sharknado franchise.
maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately' provoking people' when they drove it through the country last year.	in a report released earlier this week she slammed their actions as' arrogant and disrespectful'.	clarkson and his colleagues fled the south american country last year.	they were accused of deliberately inciting conflict with the plate.
simon wood, 38, battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd.	the final followed seven weeks of tough challenges, including the' chef's table', which involved cooking one of three courses on a menu set up by italian chef massimo bottura.
cameron will say the tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on.	he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side.	the claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid.
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years.	we are paying £100 for two people, dinner, bed and breakfast.	swans preen themselves as the sun sets and the tide recedes.
pakistani police officers examine the damaged car, who was killed as she returned to her home in karachi.	the gunmen shot both mahmud and her mother, mehnaz mahmud, as they stopped at a traffic light friday night in an upscale karachi neighborhood.	investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the killing, friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in pakistan.
manchester university issued a statement advising students at its north manchester campus.	police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university.	it has continued reposting the shelter in place warning for hours after the original message and had not given the all clear as of 2am.
the global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for' business as usual' saturday.	earlier in the day, a young barrista named jaleel working at a starbucks coffeehouse on 8th street in manhattan told daily mail their system went down at around 7.30pm.
nigel farage was at centre of fresh controversy last night after national front members turned up to campaign for him in the south thanet constituency.	row started after a group of far-right supporters calling themselves the east kent english patriots supported mr farage at an event in broadstairs on friday evening.	mr field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for mr farage’s arrival.
the propaganda video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself' abu yusuf' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the ishs (the islamic state health service).	the vision shows yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope.	yusuf is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients.
bruce jenner's face has changed dramatically over the years.	the former playgirl cover hunk has evolved from being the picture of american manliness into a favorite feminine topic of tabloid speculation.	muscles bulging, the athletic champ quickly became the media's darling, and appeared in a variety of advertisements.
the painting allegedly hanging in the home of snp leader nicola sturgeon shows her as a dominatrix in a short red dress, black suspenders on display and whip in hand.	but instead of being offended, ms sturgeon is' tickled' by the image, so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband peter murrell.	he is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman.
lindsay sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year.	the 58-year-old broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend – australian drugs gang leader andrew chan – is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on indonesia’s ‘ execution island’, nusa kambangan.	sandiford was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called bali nine heroin smuggling plot.
islamic state fighters ambushed an iraqi army convoy of humvees.	the country's army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western province.	fighting has been focused on the provincial capital of ramadi.
don is left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app snapchat after attempting to use it for the first time.	in the latest video from the elders react series on thefinebros youtube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to snapchat with hilarious - and mixed – results, all of which are caught on camera.	while many of them say they have no idea what snapchat is - never mind how to use it.
more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the gallipoli peninsula, as a formal ceremony begins to honour the diggers who fought and fell there a century ago.	australian prime minister tony abbott said the troops who fought in the first world war became more than just soldiers as they were the' founding heroes of modern australia'.
geoff whitington, 63, from ashford, kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated.	despite the wobbly bottom lip and huffy, crossed arms, geoff happens to be a 63-year-old father of four grown-up children.
the password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers.	researchers david byrne and charles henderson disclosed on wednesday during the annual rsa security conference in california.	henderson said that the vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990.
nbc's committee investigating the alleged misrepresentation of reporting experiences made by brian williams (left) are looking at tales he's told about the tahrir square anti-government uprising in early 2011.	the anchor said he caught the eye of the mounted soldier before he turned a corner and used a whip to begin' beating human beings'.	however, there is no footage of williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations' turned sour' and descended into violence.
gordon brown has warned that the scottish nationalists want an snp vote in the general election to force a second referendum on independence.	but that her party want' chaos and constitutional crisis' at westminster to force another independence referendum.
isidro garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade.	authorities said the daughter of garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in santa ana.	garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25.	he is being held on $1 million bail and scheduled to be arraigned may 5.
indiana university student hannah wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on friday.	her body was found on friday in the rural area of needmore, indiana.	daniel messel, 49, of bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder.	brown county coroner earl piper told the herald times that wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object, which was not found at the scene.
mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan, mexico, for six years.	sergio gomez found' large quantities' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.	because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends, deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place.
the queen has dropped out of the list of the 300 richest people in britain.	she placed 302nd on the sunday times rich list with a wealth of £340m.	brothers sri and gopi hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at £13bn.
amanda goff appeared on a tv show in la about sex and relationships.	she defended her decision to reveal her identity as escort samantha x.	ms goff said she felt physically sick in the weeks following her revelation.
the nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california, can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall.	another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μtug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.	they are so successful they could be used in factories or on construction sites in the future.
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman named dorotea garcia who believed she was her daughter.	she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the long-missing daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia.	video footage of alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
qatar's investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city's landmark buildings in london’s regent’s park into a huge mansion.	it is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion.	the hotels are the latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country.
susie clark found a 3.69-carat white diamond on a search field on thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband.	clark named the pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem a' hallelujah diamond' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something.	clark, who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother, prayed to god, asking,' are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?' as she searched the field.
gable tostee, 29, was on bail for the alleged murder of new zealand woman warriena tagpuno wright when he was found to be four times over the legal limit for drink driving.	the 29-year-old was reportedly four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase as he drove two passengers home to the gold coast from splendour in the grass, a music festival at byron bay.	the incident was two weeks before wright fell to her death from the balcony of tostee's 14th storey apartment in august last year.
lisa mcmurray died at the royal victoria hospital, belfast, in 2009 after contracting rabies while working in south africa.	the results of the' complex' series of tests are not expected to be known until early next week.
sbs football reporter scott mcintyre took to social media to tweet' inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services.	the comments from sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked, and even caught the disapproving attention of minister for communications malcolm turnbull, after tweeting them on the day of the centenary services.	mcintyre referred to the anzac's landing on the gallipoli peninsula in turkey.
onlookers have described the horrifying moment they saw a surfer being mauled by a' monster' great white shark on south australia's west coast.	the man has been identified by the adelaide advertiser as chris blowes.	mr blowes was out in the surf with about a dozen others when he was attacked at 9.45am on saturday.
latasha gosling, 27, of tisdale, saskatchewan, in canada, and her two daughters, janyaa, 4, and her son landen, 7, were murdered early wednesday.	o'shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life.	police found the infant unharmed when they discovered o'shaughnessy's body.	gosling's cousin tim funk said o'shaughnessy sent the photos in a text message to the children's father, jason gosling, the day before his birthday.
sweet cakes by melissa, in the portland suburb of gresham, discriminated against rachel bowman-cryer and her wife laurel and caused them emotional suffering.	the kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating gofundme's terms of service.	oregon prohibits businesses from discriminating based on sexual orientation and the christian bakers are were found guilty of discrimination.
the second round of wild weather in new south wales came after two days of clear skies and transformed parts of sydney and the blue mountains into snowfields.	superintendent paul johnston from fire and rescue nsw told daily mail australia that the incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that struck the city.	she was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30pm and did not suffer any injuries.
ron ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on thanksgiving.	his sailing mate, kenny corder, was thrown into the water with him and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive.	corder, who was rescued and taken to hospital, said that he left ingraham with the ring to swim backed to the damaged ship and radio for help.
xie xu met his 19-year-old classmate zhang chi when the pair began attending school together at daxu high school in xuzhou, china.	zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight.	zhang is helped by xie to the cafeteria for his breakfast.
the los angeles angels of anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for josh hamilton to play in texas.	hamilton, who has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in february, is going to be sent back to his former team, the texas rangers.	he has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on february 4.
violent robber craig' lazie' lynch shows off his toned physique in a series of audacious self-portraits taken in his prison cell in bedford prison.	he is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies, including one in which a knife was held to a terrified father's throat in front of his family.	use of computers, social media and mobile phones is strictly forbidden behind bars.
thad cochran has yet to comment on the fact that his personal assistant and office manager fred pagan has been charged with trafficking drugs, including methamphetamine, from china.	pagan was paid $160,000 in his senate role last year.	he is charged with one count of possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine and one count of importing a controlled substance.
an instructor demonstrates the flowrider wave machine on board royal caribbean's ship, royal caribbean's second quantum-class liner, which last week set sail on its maiden voyage.	passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors.
taylor swift and rumored boyfriend calvin harris spotted together after watching the band haim perform at troubadour club in west hollywood.	were a record company to write a job description for the next big thing in popular music.
architect and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city, and captures the new, minimalistic buildings that add a splash of colour to istanbul.	the photographer, who has lived in istanbul for 14 years, aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city.
tracey woodford was last seen by her family at around 12.45pm on april 21 in rhydyfelin.	her body was discovered with' massive injuries' around 3pm on friday afternoon.	her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the skinny dog pub for around two hours.
david cameron urged an audience to support west ham during a speech.	he said:' this a country where people of all faiths, all colours, creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place.	david cameron looks a bit sheepish after accidentally urging audience to support west ham - though he did n't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards.
a surgical unit at st mary's hospital, london, has not accepted new patients in more than a week.	the antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine.	if all goes to plan, the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private lindo wing of the hospital.
diet coke bottles like this one now have red lids just like regular coke.	but since march the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on diet coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie, zero sugar version.	fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes, which have left many a bit confused.
chicago white sox's jeff samardzija lost saturday's game.	four members of the royals and three from the white sox were punished.	royals have not said whether they plan to appeal their punishments.	herrera is already awaiting an appeal on a five-game suspension.
ed miliband was accused of plunging the general election campaign to a ‘ new low’ last night by ‘ weaponising dead migrants’.	the labour leader and his party’s spin machine prompted the most bitter row of the campaign so far by suggesting that david cameron bore personal responsibility for drownings of refugees in the mediterranean.
sebastiano quagliata and his wife, valbona lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia.	sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township, 45 miles northwest of detroit.	lucaj, a native of albania, and quagliata, of italy, could be deported after serving their sentences.
the mid-size ship, with an on-board climbing wall, is sailing away from rci to thomson and will get a new name, yet to be announced.	it is good news that tried and tested, smaller ships built on classic lines do not just sail off into the sunset or to the breaker’s yard.	it has had a colourful life, including providing a haven for victims of hurricane katrina in 2005 and acting as a hotel for the winter olympics in sochi in 2014.
bronwyn mcmahon says she regrets that her magazine did n't investigate belle gibson before presenting her with its fun fearless female award in sydney last year.	but she says the award is given to inspiring women in times of' triumph and adversity'.	mccahon said on the dan and maz breakfast show this week following belle gibson's australian women's weekly interview in which she admitted she had lied, according to the daily telegraph.
lutfur rahman said to have played race card to silence opponents.	his comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud and found he had repeatedly ‘ played the race card’ to silence critics.	political opponents said they were playing the same ‘ cracked record’ by seeking to blame racism and islamophobia for their problems.
grace mann's parents, melissa and thomas mann, are pictured above at a memorial for their daughter, who was recently found dead in her rented home in fredericksburg, virginia.	mann was found by her two female roommates with a plastic bag stuffed down her throat.	her third roommate, steven vander briel, 30, was reportedly home when the grisly discovery was made, but fled the house.
new york police commissioner bill bratton thanked four swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in the big apple this week.	a video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female.	officials from the united states and sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
two sisters from oklahoma and nebraska missing for nearly two weeks in michigan.	a pilot noticed a reflection off the ford explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.	leslie roy, 52, and lee wright, 56, were examined at a hospital and released.
terrifying avalanche pictured from basecamp on mount everest caused by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in nepal.	the avalanche was caused by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake which struck nepal and has claimed the lives of almost 1,000 people.	carsten lillelund pedersen hid behind these rocks when the avalanche caught up with him at basecamp.
a new jersey father has claimed as part of a custody battle that his ex-wife' abused her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to pink's december 2013 concert at the prudential center in newark, newark.
bruce jenner revealed he is a republican and a christian during the much-anticipated interview in which he revealed he is transitioning to be a woman.	jenner said' i've always been on the more conservative side' when asked if he was a republican.
office furniture company steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting.	the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $2,700.	brody features an led task light, privacy screen, foot rest, storage space and personal adjustable work surface.
steven davis, 57, of milton, and his relatives are sure bulger killed his sister, debra davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a' no finding' verdict.	following the release of the first black mass trailer this week, mr davis told the boston globe he and his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy.
samantha wills, from williamstown in south australia, welcomed the joey dubbed' crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car.	they eat and live like cats and dogs, grow up learning how to hop, let their owners give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets.
ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute’s silence.	the club, on george street in sydney’s cbd, is close to the martin place war memorial.	father arron cutugno said he was' disgusted' by the choice to play music during the minutes silence.
angela merkel has demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength.	the call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean.	mrs merkel's call would however mean that britain, one of the most populous countries in the uk and one of its most economically successful, would be expected to take in more people.
researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in new york.	researchers also observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide head-first.	children whose carers were ‘significantly’ more likely to behave in this way.
peter moore received a letter from hm revenue and customs last week.	the letter was addressed to the' representative' of peter william john moore and apologised for the family's' recent bereavement'.	officials needed to sort out whether mr moore had paid enough - or too much - tax.
senator rand paul shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the debauched social media star dan blizerian.	the pair were playing liar's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes.	liar's poker is also the title of a book by bestselling author michael lewis about the dissolute, everything-goes culture of wall street bond salesmen in the 1980s.
teenager in the area has discovered the hard way that the locals should not be toyed with after his affront to a monkey left him sprawled on his back.	footage captured on a cctv camera near an office in shimla, india.
felix david, 24, was shot dead by police in new york city's east village neighborhood.	he was arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions when he began attacking officers.	david, who was wanted for a robbery committed last thursday, grabbed an officer's radio and hit him over the head with it.
bus ploughed into a passenger plane at tashkent airport in uzbekistan.	the plane was believed to be an uzbekistan airways service.	mailonline travel has contacted uzbekistan airways and is awaiting comment.	it's the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided.
the two members of the navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story.	the names of the seals were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a' serious' breach of his position of trust at rydens school in hersham, surrey.	the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car.	guildford crown court heard the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class at rydens school in hersham, surrey, after being convicted of a string of indecent assaults between 1977 and 1984.
villagers dressed in the bulgarian costume aboard the voyager 2 space probe.	they sent tracks from the album le mystere des voix bulgares, in the hope that aliens would like it too.	i love this kind of folklore as long as it really is part of the local culture and not just put on for tourists.
bruce jenner met bruce at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, chrystie crownover, the mother of his two eldest children.	bruce was travelling the world doing paid appearances and lived a glamorous life in malibu, frequently seeing his elder son, burt, and daughter, casey, from his first marriage.	bruce revealed to linda the secret that he finally told the world friday night.
colin shearing, 70, fled across the channel to avoid being jailed for a sex attack.	he was convicted of indecent assault and had been given a week on bail to' put his personal matters in order.	he then moved to a second hotel and then to a third in a bid to stay one step ahead of the police, who are hunting him across the continent.	judge davies said shearing, of chichester, sussex, had shown' absolutely no remorse' for what he had done.
day began in london with a dawn ceremony at wellington arch on hyde park corner, attended by princess anne.	later the queen joined by the duke of edinburgh, prince william and political leaders, led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall, while prince charles was in turkey with prince harry.
1st lt michael alonso and 1st lt lantz balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal.	alonso and balthazar are both members of the 12th missile squadron at the 341st missile wing at malmstrom air force base in montana.	alonso was charged with violations of the uniform code of military justice for illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and for' conspiracy related to the drug offenses'.
brendan rodgers gives instructions to steven gerrard during liverpool's defeat against aston villa.	rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after liverpool were dumped out of the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday.
john doyle, 79, was left with a punctured lung and a broken rib.	he was beaten up by an angry driver during a road rage attack.	mr doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw as it hurtled past and then, when the driver stopped, told him to be more careful.
sian harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling £30,000 to her builder claiming the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth, wales.	headteacher who secretly tried to use a school chequebook to pay for thousands of pounds worth of work to be carried out at her family home.	harkin claimed the money was to be used to build a rain shelter for waiting parents at llwyncelyn but the proposed work, which never materialised, was never ratified by governors.
kasper schmeichel has been named in three team (s) of the season.	he is now an established top-flight international centre back and captains his club and country.	west morgan has made over 400 football league appearances.
luke shaw admits he has struggled to cope with the demands of playing for manchester united.	shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks as he comes to terms with his £28million move from southampton to old trafford in the summer.	the 19-year-old has played 19 times in all competitions for united this campaign.
rebecca rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves but knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog holly.	after confiding in her teacher lorette esteve it was decided she could take holly into the five-minute recorded french oral test.	ms esteve advised her to bring her pet dog holly to help.
millions of britons could lose credit card perks such as cash bonuses and air miles because of eu legislation.	company has also warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from june 1.	financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
adriana alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for mcdonald's for five years.	alvarez is a leader with fight for $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.
tom ince chose not celebrate, nor did 60 or so travelling blackpool fans who used to cherish his displays.	but derby county very much cheered this emphatic victory that solidified their position in the play-offs and provided a needed tonic after recent headaches.	ince's reluctance to show joy when finding the net in some style against his former club was understandable.
edward moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at king edward's school in witley, surrey, when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office.	moore, from ascot, berkshire, was jailed for nine months on friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.	moore, who was the girl’s choirmaster, had only been at the school for a few months.
john caudwell, the founder of phones4u, bought the audley street garage in mayfair, central london for £155million in order to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex.	the new apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats, rivalling properties such as one hyde park for the title of the world's most desirable living space.
cole skuse's first ipswich town goal, in their win against cardiff city, was a long time coming but boy was it worth the wait.	after 21 months and 82 appearances since he signed from bristol city in 2013, skuse opened his account with a 30-yard effort which could barely have been struck sweeter.	the score was already 1-1 when bruno ecuele manga stretched to clear on the edge of the box and the ball bounced to skuse, who hit it first time then watched it fly in off the right post.	daryl murphy (centre) wraps up the win for ipswich with a third goal in the 90th minute.
west brom are on the market with chairman jeremy peace.	the baggies are believed to be interested in buying albion.	tony pulis has been assured that the deal will be done by july.
bristol city became the first side in the football league to win promotion as they booked their place in next season's sky bet championship by battering bradford 6-0.	the robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season at valley parade thanks to james tavernier's brace and further goals from joe bryan, luke ayling, aden flint and aaron wilbraham.	ayling's fortuitous effort made it 3-0 after the break, flint then headed a free-kick home, tavernier stabbed in his second and wilbraham rolled home a sixth to seal victory.	bristol city became the first side from the football league to win promotion this season.
tony pulis insists west brom chairman jeremy peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on.	owner peace is open to offers for the baggies and is understood to want between £150million and £200million for the club.	tony pulis insists he has been told by the west brom chairman that any takeover will not drag on.	pulis praised west brom forward saido berahino, who has recently been in the news for all the wrong reasons.
thor dalhaug died an hour after a difficult delivery during which he suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor’s errors.	he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ‘ unorthodox and unacceptable’ way.	the report will come as a blow to the hospital, which has just been taken out of ‘ special measures’.
sentinelese tribespeople, holding javelins, gather on the shore of north sentinel island, located in the bay of bengal.	following the 2004 tsunami this member of the sentinelese tribe was photographed firing an arrow at an indian coast guard helicopter.
trials show avastin gives women about four months’ extra life.	each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from avastin.	patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund (cdf) until it is considered for routine nhs use.
scientists in colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle.	when the seasons combine, the activity of the sun can be amplified, producing mega storms that are even more dangerous to earth than others.	this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (cmes) from the solar interior.
protein world's billboard campaign features a svelte bikini-clad model asking' are you beach body ready? protein world’s head of global marketing revealed that the company has received bomb threats in the wake of the campaign but said it had been' brilliant' and that he did n't see the company changing.	but yesterday the company’s marketing boss claimed the firm is ‘ just trying to make the nation healthier’.
philip gigante, 41, whose grandfather vincent' the chin' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of airmont, new york.	the republican real-estate lawyer, who will get $25,000 a year for the part time job, hopes his' achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage.
dina amos-larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in salou, spain.	she was told of her injuries when she fell 50ft from a hotel balcony.	the 21-year-old law student, from poole, dorset, claimed she is now stranded in hospital.	she is also captain of the angels cheerleading squad at surrey university, home.
the man, who only gave his name as chris ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart.	the tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey.	chris said australia post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay.	he also said he had problems with deliveries in the past, he' following up on the whereabouts of a package/complain about a driver not attempting a delivery used to be a monthly occurrence'.
harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt’s home.	but instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened, the officers involved knocked on a neighbour’s door and asked for a black bin bag.	mr hunt spent two days putting up ‘ lost cat’ posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager.
the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters, the coast guard says.	regatta participant rhonda morgan gilreath, shown with her boyfriend randy rutledge of rome georgia on saturday.	dauphin island mayor jeff collier told al.com that at least one person was confirmed dead, but he did not know the cause.
two islamist fighters on a motorbike hold a black jihadist flag often associated with islamic state.	hours after the eight-minute video was filmed, syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on jisr al-shughour.	the video was released yesterday, and is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled from the uk to join the fight in syria.
ian brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley.	the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside.	instead he complained he is' bedridden and worsening'.	police search the area for the bodies.
gibraltar could be the new home of britain's nuclear submarines if the snp succeeds in ridding scotland of trident.	the snp want to eject trident from scotland, but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde.
planners in windsor have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart.	coffee addicts in windsor wo n't have to go far for a fix.	planners in the royal borough allowed two costa shops less than 500 yards apart.
gps to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s, as well as younger patients suffering from cancer, dementia, heart disease or serious lung conditions.	medical professionals say it is' blatantly wrong' and will frighten elderly into thinking they are being' written off'.
duke and duchess of cambridge leave the lindo wing of st mary's hospital in paddington, central london, in a proud moment with their newborn son prince george in july 2013.	the 33-year-old royal’s baby is expected before the end of april - with the due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to actually be as early as wednesday.
perry clawson, a former army colonel, was pictured outside the university of florida's zeta beta tau frat house in gainesville, florida.	she said that braying students spat on him and his service dog as he tried to enjoy a vacation with his wife.	he was one of many veterans to respond to unedifying allegations that zeta beta tau members had abused soldiers attending the warrior beach vacation retreat in panama city beach.	haley riley, whose husband is another injured veteran, said students hurled beer bottles at attendees.
tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away.	but after calling the dentist's office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son, attley.	instead, tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility.
simon wood, 38, from oldham, won the title last friday.	the new winner of masterchef simon wood, who won the title last friday, has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson.
ed miliband will do' more damage to the country than he did to his brother'.	the tory and labour politicians go at it hammer and tongs in front of their tv audience.
former fbi director james comey and vermont senator patrick leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week.	they say 64-year-old freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it were n't for the quick response from paramedics and an fbi agent on the scene.
272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england.	but the actual number affected by their mother' s drinking could be far greater, experts have warned.	research by the world health organisation suggests that at least one in 100 babies born in the uk could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems.
max azria's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills.	visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals.	there are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater.
three women have been jailed after releasing a video of their dance group twerking in front of the malaya zemlya monument in novorossiysk, southern russia.	prosecutors said their' erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war and jailed two of the women.
oprah winfrey's own tv series reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset.	the video titled, what children can teach us about anger, is described as showing that' you're never too old, or too young, to discover mindfulness and let anger go'.	mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well being.
wealthy buyers are demanding a lower' ed miliband' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the labour leader if he becomes prime minister.	under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor ed balls, homeowners with properties worth more than £3million will be forced to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax.	owners of homes worth more than £3million will be forced to pay even more.
new broadcasting house is the jewel in the crown of the bbc and the setting for its self-mocking satire w1a.	but in a development that could have come straight out of the sitcom, it has been revealed that the corporation is paying tens of thousands of pounds of taxpayers' money to book meetings in nearby buildings because the headquarters lacks space.
uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment.	but patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit.	sulforaphane in its natural form is also too unstable to turn into a medicine.
adele mckenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years, david elliot.	she said she was n't able to buy the $2,000 dress outright so she organised a payment plan with ‘ the bridal centre’.	she started paying in february and planned to pay for her dress had closed down.
eligah christian, 49, took off when police tried to pull him over.	he was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.	christian was charged with felony reckless driving and criminal mischief.
david cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign.	he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying:' nothing matters more.	' he will appeal to small firms at those who work hard, his party backs them.	cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow.
scientists at the university of bristol found that having' one large glass of wine' increases' facial flushing' and' confidence', making the drinker' more attractive' to others and more likely to' get lucky'.	researchers have previously confirmed the existence of the' beer goggles' phenomenon - in which boozers find other people more attractive after several drinks.
the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week.	we britons certainly do love to keep things local, as over three quarters of us choosing it over fancier varieties like french brie (right).
dr alex zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy.	he is confident that his lifestyle will allow him to reach the 150-year milestone.	he also makes sure he is administered with vaccines as soon as they are available.
sydney couple mike and sharon tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming.	the sydney-based duo set aside an evening once a month to tend to all their beauty maintenance needs.	sharon, 45, trims her 40-year-old husband's eyebrows, wax his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair.
espn's first take anchor stephen a. smith is under fire for claiming that floyd mayweather jr.'s boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history.	he told fellow anchor cari champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and' should feel that way'.	mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence.
prime minister said scottish nationalists' do n't want the country to succeed'.	liberal democrat cabinet minster danny alexander accused the prime minister of' playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling between scotland and england.
12 per cent of people questioned thought that the child should be named after william's mother - diana the princess of wales.	alice is the name of the queen's aunt, who passed away in 2004 aged 102, while charlotte is favoured as a nod to william's father charles.
paula radcliffe says she'll be happy to finish at all regardless of her position.	the 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital and a result wo n't be running with the other female elites but with the masses.	she said this week:' i'm going in unfit and unprepared for a marathon'.
madison hurd, 16, landed the 16-year-old junior from seward, nebraska.	after a sudden infection landed madison hurd, 16, and it seemed like there was no chance she'd make it to her special night.	nurses spent their day off doing hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons.
zoe o'connell used to be a man, sarah brown and sylvia knight.	they now all live together in a three-bedroom home in cambridge.	her two lovers, ms brown, 41, and ms knight, 39, were once a straight married couple – when ms brown was a man.
holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the holden colorado- suv or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately.	the models said to be affected were made in thailand between september 2013 and january 2015.	holden said the issue is caused by an alternator cable making unnecessary contact with a steel bracket on the battery tray.
the oil painting - which measures nine inches by seven - of a catholic saint was believed to be the work of a' follower' of 16th century master el greco.	it was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.	he bought it because he believed it was a depiction of saint peter, who shares his name.
renee somerfield, the genetically-blessed australian model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert, has responded to the backlash against the campaign.	the yellow protein world ad, currently plastered all over billboards around the london underground, features a bikini-clad renee next to text reading' are you beach body ready?' we are a nation of sympathisers for fatties,' a spokesperson for protein world tweeted to one user after she signed the change.org petition calling for the removal of the advert.
professor stephen hawking appeared at the sydney opera house on saturday night as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk.	during the show professor hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former one direction singer zayn malik leaving the boy band.	professor hawking joked that in another different universe' zayn is still in one direction'.
kate battersby, gina bacconi at johnlewis.com.	it’s a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn’t suit you.	we asked kate battersby to try six looks to see which work.
the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as she shopped in her unventilated nissan sentra.	the officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off.	this is n't the first time an animal-loving officer has employed the unorthodox punishment.	nicholas reasoned that she'd only been away ten minutes.
orphaned chimp was found cowering in a tiny wooden box cowering from the animal traffickers who killed her mother.	the men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market when they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea, in west africa, last week.
intrepid travel, who run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year.	company confirmed to mailonline travel that their 200 clients who are currently in the country have all been accounted for and are safe.	intrepid group has been running tours to nepal for 36 years and has a team of local operators on the ground.
terry proctor of piedmont, alabama, was booked into the cherokee county jail, on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools.	the truck was stolen from the victim on the man's birthday, wbrc reported.	wade told wbrc the driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over.	proctor was captured after a foot chase, calhoun county chief deputy matthew wade has said.
david duane watson, a 46-year-old tucson firefighter, was arrested without incident saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife, linda watson, 35.	police say the dispute continued after watson's murder as her mother marilyn cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights.	watson has been charged in the murder of his ex-wife, ex mother-in-law and an innocent neighbor.
david cameron ridiculed this morning after admitting he had suffered' brain fade'.	he joked that everyone should back his team – but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants.	mr cameron this morning claimed he became a villa fan after watching the team beat bayern munich in the european cup final.
scottish first minister said mr miliband simply' wo n't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what he likes come what may'.	labour leader's visit to the north london temple came after he told bbc1's andrew marr show he would not do any deals with the snp.	ms sturgeon said' i suspect ed miliband will change his tune' after the election - either as a formal coalition or a looser pact to put him in number 10.
karla hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby freddie, weighing just 2lbs, by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in benidorm.	couple have now been told they will have to stay in spain for at least three months while freddie builds up his strength.	mr jackson, 21, a soldier in the army's royal logistics corps, has served in afghanistan.
chris blowes is fighting for his life after being mauled by a great white shark.	he was viciously attacked by what has been described as a' massive monster', about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park.	mr blowes' family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all of the support and well wishes they have received during this traumatic time.
film crew shooting the documentary lair of the megashark were just off new zealand's stewart island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator.	the two men that can be seen on the boat are shark experts jeff kurr and andy casagrande.	they can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously.
the party's deputy chairman suzanne evans said she will step in as party leader if nigel farage quits because of ill health.	mr farage has revealed that he is suffering from a recurring spinal injury that means he is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits.	the ukip leader has also pledged to be' gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win in thanet south.
belmond hotel cipriani is on the island of giudecca, just a few minutes by water taxi from saint mark’s square.	the city of marble palaces, ancient churches, canals and waterways is a magnet for those in love.	lovers of art will be flocking to the city too as it plays host to its biennale art festival.
james holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence.	the prosecution is trying to prove that holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of july 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the batman film' the dark knight rises'.	if the 12 final jurors, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital.
hudsonian godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from south america.	it is believed the large shorebird - that was last seen in the uk in 1988.	it is now inhabiting the same space as its english counterparts, the black tailed godwit at the shapwick heath, in somerset.
marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on anzac day, coating streets and backyards in sleet.	saturday's freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air, said bureau of meteorology nsw manager.
the fbi is investigating and security is being increased at airports in southern california because of a' known threat' to lax from isis.	officials are concerned about threats to uniformed personnel or locations that lone wolves may want to target.
mark-francis vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches.	the 26 year old has got into the habit of buying a new watch each year.	he has now opened up his watch collection to the evening standard.
david cameron said he would campaign on' more jobs, more homes, more business, more childcare, more in retirement'.	he said:' i make no apologies for focusing hard on that which is central to everything.	when you get a new job, a new home, get a new childcare place or start a new business… now that's truly exiting.	'
paul gambaccini blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings.	it has been a staple of sunday night listening for almost 50 years.	but now radio 1's chart show has been branded a' banal failure' by one of the most respected voices in broadcasting.
men in pubs discussing the top speed of a car they are never going to drive.	men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts.	the question is, do these tendencies result from nature — with the biological gender.
shadow business secretary chuka umunna said nigel farage had' a problem with race' following his remarks last about' fully black' and' half black' ukip supporters.	mr umunna's remarks come after mr farage dragged into a fresh racism storm after national front members turned up to campaign for him in his south thanet constituency.	mr field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group.
massimo vian, one of the heads of milan-based luxottica, said his team was looking to improve on the internet-connected device, which was trumpeted as a huge technological leap forward when it was announced in 2012.	google glass, which was unveiled three years ago as a prototype available for $1,500, are thought to aim at a lower cost, longer battery life and improved sound quality.	it officially offered the product to the public in 2014, though sales were low.
indian nationals fight for positions outside tribhuwan international airport as they try to return home.	more than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city.	crowds had started to form outside the airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city.
just a week ago, 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster.	but experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents.	earthquakes of similar magnitude can have bigger effects on different parts of the globe.
chelsea's older brother nathaniel said in a post on the help find chelsea bruck facebook page:' i want to thank everyone for their efforts'.	she was dressed as the fictional comic villain at the party and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig.	her body was n't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck from where the body was discovered in ash township.	bruck, of maybee, disappeared after attending the party in newport on october 26, about 15 miles away from where her body was discovered friday.
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts.	she can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs.	when lubiewski received her daughter abby's photographs, she immediately saw that her child's smile was strained.	abby was born with hallerman-streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts.
danny nickerson, six, of massachusetts died of an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013.	his mother carley nickerson shared on a facebook page, danny's warriors, that her' precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a' courageous 18 month battle'.	nickerson was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glimoma in october 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments.
tommy cox, 35, and prince george of cambridge, are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince’s lookalike.	mrs cox is always keen to see each new photograph of george when it is released by his parents william and kate to check if the two boys look so similar.
professor edith hall from king's college london tells the programme:' lesbos had a very particular reputation for producing very beautiful women.	they really were supposed to be the sexiest people in the entire greek world'.
the dharahara tower, which was first built in 1832, has been almost completely obliterated by nepal's earthquake.	several of the most recognisable buildings in the city, including towers and temples, now lie in rubble after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake in 1934.
hundreds of yazidi girls and women were kidnapped by isis last year.	some of victims have returned after falling pregnant by their community.	some yazidi girls are secretly undergoing abortions, banned in kurdistan.
last year sarah, 36, and mark brennan, 35, from south wales, never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they'd never conceive naturally.	yet last september they defied doctors to have eryn, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz.	sarah and mark brennan show off their longed-for daughter eryn elisabeth.
grimes cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s colonial residence with three storeys and six bedrooms.	the heritage-listed colonial georgian residence, with three storeys and six bedrooms, was built by whaling captain george grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist conrad marten’s work.
major steve thompson with the alabama department of public safety's marine patrol division said that one person was found dead on saturday and a second was found dead on sunday morning.	authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta on saturday.
maría jose carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of spain, was released from jail friday night, the record reported.	carrascosa, formerly of fort lee, was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to spain when the girl's father was granted custody of the child.	carrascosa defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the united states and thus remained jailed nearly nine years.
boris milat detailed how his brother, ivan, shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree.	neville knight was shot on march 6, 1962, by a 17-year-old milat who was riding in the back of his taxi.	mr milat confessed the shooting was his murderous brother's first violent crime, despite police never once considering him a suspect.
anais zanotti, 30, lives in miami, first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her.	now the brunette, who has modelled for playboy, gq, esquire and maxim and has 35 cover shoots under her belt.
napoleon (illustrated) lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815.	guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a' triumphalist' way.	but last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it' took political correctness to an absurd new degree'.
three years after the theft, police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a wiley park property.	all of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found.	mr o'mara was paid $1,033,473 by his insurance company, chubb insurance after the theft.
bill spedding was arrested and charged on wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in sydney in 1987.	the boys' grandfather told the newspaper:' i am very concerned about what may have happened to my grandchildren'.	she has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault.
joshua burns, formerly of brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month.	joshua burns and his wife, brenda burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in march 2014.	the couple started a website called tornfamily in hopes of raising awareness of their situation and reunite their family.	they will also be sharing their story on an episode of dr phil on monday.
megan sheehan, of san francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at santa rita jail.	she had been arrested and booked at the santa rita jail for suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st. patrick's day of 2014.	sheehan, who said she's embarrassed with how drunk she was arrested, but that did n't warrant the force the police used.
australian broadcaster sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his' inappropriate and disrespectful' anzac day tweets.	sbs football reporter ken shipp said mcintyre's' highly inappropriate and disrespectful comments have' caused his on-air position at sbs to become untenable.	sbs has taken decisive action to terminate mr mcintyre's position at sbs.
lebron james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston.	the nba superstar grabbed a basketball and flicked it with relative ease at the hoop at the other end of the court.	jones was also teammates with james when they both played for the miami heat.
saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington's elite when she hosted the correspondents' dinner.	she said obama's graying hair' is so white now it can talk back to the police'.	snl star cecily strong made some pretty funny jokes at the white house correspondents dinner as she pokes fun of washington and even the president.
the scent of marsha yumi perry, 36, was tracked through a field by a washougal police dog on friday, who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in, police said.	police were called after the boy rode a tricycle out of a driveway when he was hit by a car around 6pm.	witnesses told police perry tried to drive off but when she was unable to see her, warned he was about to unleash the dog,' the ground moved, and she sat up,' washougal sgt.	geoff reijonen told oregon live.
russian president vladimir putin has claimed that intercepted phone calls prove the us helped chechen islamic insurgents wage war against russia.	putin said he raised the issue with then-us president george w. bush, who promised to' kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.	but he claimed a few days later the heads of russia's fsb received a letter from their american counterparts.
robin barton, 25, was just four hours old, now-retired santa ana police officer michael buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on november 21, 1989.	he had heard the sound of a' very low meow' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster.	buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him adam, barton's adoptive parents, elizabeth barton and daniel fernandez of orange county, beat him to it.
yellowstone national park's grand prismatic spring is the first largest hot spring in the world.	experts say the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day.	authorities are keen to preserve its natural beauty formed by the erosion of navajo sandstone during jurassic age.
katia apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by clinging to his pillow.	inspired the 52-year-old french insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning.	but the'made-to-measure' perfumes will be rather costly and be priced at around 560 euros.
james hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents, phil, 44, and hazel, 38, with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote.	but security officers, who were described as'over-zealous' by the boy's father, took exception to james's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system's x-ray machines.	dad phil has labelled the security checks' ludicrous' and criticized how staff reacted in the situation.
survation poll for the mail on sunday has shown a swing towards the tories against miliband's labour party.	fear of nicola sturgeon, among labour voters in england is pushing them towards nigel farage.	ukip support has risen by five points, with a corresponding four-point fall in backing for labour.
temitope adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on friday after being called to her home in bear early on thursday morning.	when they arrived at the home around 12:40am, they found 37-year-old adeyinka adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes.	police were called to a home in bear, delaware, early on thursday and found adeyinka adebamiro stabbed.	paramedics pronounced him dead about an hour later and the delaware division of forensic science ruled adeyinka’s death a homicide.
courtney, from barnehurst, south-east london, had planned to marry billy webb in 2009.	despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009.	the keen millwall fc fan has received multiple treatments including chemotherapy, trials, surgery and radiotherapy.
alastair clarkson was filmed lashing out at an aggressive afl fan.	the footage was captured by a friend of the young man and it's understood the pair had been goading clarkson in the lead-up to the confrontation.	the incident took place in the hours after the hawthorn hawks' narrow eight-point loss to port adelaide.
jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in london today.	he was seen laughing with a traffic warden in london.	the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket.	clarkson, 55, was sacked from top gear by the bbc last month after' fracas' involving a producer during filming.
freddie gray, the 25-year-old black man who died in baltimore police custody last week, descended into chaos on saturday night.	spectators at the game, with a reported attendance of 36,757, were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police, who allowed them to exit.
brave hippopotamus stood its ground against two hungry lions and managed to send them on their way after charging towards them.	the hippo attempted to scare off the three-year-old lions as they tried to attack the mammal at the nature reserve in the west of zimbabwe.
christian trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door, holding his hand as they made their way to his home in horwich, near bolton.	his act of kindness was seen by samantha-jayne brady, who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook.	the picture of mr trousedale and the pensioner has been' liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
driver has miraculously survived a horror smash after his car hurtled into a wall, flipped over and left him trapped under the weight of the vehicle.	his jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free the man.	medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash.
sandie konopelski of shiloh, illinois, was struck and killed by a westbound commuter train on friday morning.	she was responding to a report about an opossum on the tracks near an illinois train station.	konopelski was licensed by the illinois department of natural resources as a wildlife rehabilitator, the st louis post-dispatch reported.
jamie robbins stole £1,600 from the select' n' save shop in birmingham.	he stole £1,600 from a convenience store in birmingham with accomplice because he preferred life in jail.	robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at birmingham crown court.
former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders.	former national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy.	harvey nichols, which has 12 locations around the world and previously stood against the fur industry, backtracked last year when it quietly re-introduced it.
amira abase, 15, left bethnal green with shamima begum 15, and kadiza sultana, 16, in february, and is believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa.	now, nearly two months after her departure, amira has shared a snippet of life in the islamic state.
first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000.	miliband will say labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers – saving them up to £5,000 in tax.	labour claims its tax break – which would last three years – would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance.
christopher may, 50, will appear at pontypridd magistrates' court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder of a woman who was found dismembered at a flat in pontypridd, wales.	the 47-year-old's body was discovered with' massive injuries' at the flat around 3pm on friday afternoon, prompting police to launch a murder investigation.	ms woodford, from the pontypridd area, is believed to have been attacked in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left the premises with him.
andy erlam has announced he will stand to be the next mayor of tower hamlets.	the grandfather who won a high court victory to kick out the crooked mayor‎ of tower hamlets announced he will stand as a' martin bell'-style anti-corruption independent candidate in his place.	mr erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats, financial ‎ruin and official apathy to have lutfur rahman unseated from office by an electoral court.
billionaire founder john caudwell has revealed that his £10million mansion is' being haunted' by the' ghost' of a child killed in the english civil war.	mr caudwell claimed visitors to his 50-room manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs.	the businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy.
lord janner is alleged to have sexually assaulted young boys in the 1970s and 1980s in children's homes in leicestershire.	his alleged victims could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia as part of civil claims brought by his alleged victims.	legal firm slater & gordon are representing several people looking to take private action against lord janner, with police having identified 25 people who say the labour peer attacked them.	each could claim up to £100,000.
the bbc is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway at a leisurely 4mph.	there is no presenter, narrator, dialogue or music, so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat's engine, the lapping of the water and the local birdsong as the barge makes its way along a stretch of the kennet and avon canal.
acting chief executive maura pally defended the foundation's work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency.	the fund had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor who was selling his uranium company to a russian state agency at the same time the state department had to approve the sale.	acting ceo maura pally said that money received from a businessman when he was seeking state department approval for selling his company to russia (right) could not be disclosed under canadian law.
jon reiter, a contractor from kenwood, california, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit their camp.	he described how he tended for the injured, but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued.	scott holder, a financial adviser from santa rosa, california, and jon reiter, a contractor from nearby kenwood in sonoma county, were caught up in the deadly avalanche.
luke stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma.	police officer from hailsham, east sussex, was on holiday with his wife.	pc luke stanwick, 30, has been paralysed from the waist down.
g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces.	it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries.	the weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight.
ed miliband confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents.	he said rent controls demanded by the militant unite union that bankrolls labour would give millions of ‘forgotten’ renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called generation rent.	landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time.
aaron lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub.	the 28-year-old, who is on loan to everton, was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month.	lennon, who has 21 england caps, lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre.
study by academics at the university of bristol and cancer research uk compared the records of patients diagnosed with breast, lung and bowel cancer between 2000 and 2009.	patients who always see the same gp are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed, research has shown.
survivor marie vaislic from france sits on a mass grave reading'1000 dead rest here' after the ceremony.	it was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the bergen-belsen concentration camp in northern germany.	officials also attended the ceremony including joachim gauck, the german president, who said the british soldiers were' ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge'.
chris plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez outside jonathan law high school a year ago on the day of prom.	a classmate, christopher plaskon, has been charged with murder.	after a week of somber remembrances at the school, her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez.
whistleblower tony brookes said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape, trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so-called ‘ priority crimes’.	the offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last labour government.	it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police.
when prince george was born in july 2013 his birth was first announced to journalists in an emailed press release.	when prince george's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world, their arrival will be announced first on twitter according to a report in the sunday times.
last week, a handful of british tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after apple watches.	the pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold.	the device pops out of its strap so you can take advantage of the two cameras.
chris strodder has created a handy book, the disneyland book of lists, which contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure.	you will find out how many people have given birth in disneyland, california, what the official pet food brand is, and how it looks today (right).
art detective christopher marinello has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art including this 1920 henri matisse painting le jardin.	he is representing the heirs of renowned art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover henri matisse's 1921 femme assise.	it was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by cornelius gurlitt, the son of nazi art dealer hildebrand, and has been valued at around £60million.
chris lewis, 68, is suing his ex-wife for more than £300,000, claiming that she lied to him about being the father of her son.	dna tests now prove that charlie is not his biological son, he says.	dna tests now prove charlie, now 19, as a result of the deception he suffered loss and damages.
the body of freddie gray lies inside his casket at vaughn greene funeral home, during his wake sunday, april 26, 2015 in baltimore.	gray died from spinal injuries about a week after he was arrested and transported in a police van.	mourners passed by gray's silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white los angeles dodgers baseball cap.
national counterterrorism center advisory group ordered by the white house to recommend what would mark a radical shift in us hostage policy.	the nctc interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist james foley, who was killed by islamic state fighters.	foley's mother diane said that officials from president barack obama's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom.
prime minister david cameron has written to first great western to request it' urgently reviews' plans to increase fares on trains running through his witney constituency.	passengers travelling from charlbury, the oxfordshire station nearest to his constituency home, can currently purchase an off-peak return to london during the evening peak period.
jfk airplane cleaner juanette cullum, 48, allegedly stole almost $15,000 from american airline planes over the last three years.	juanette cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed american airline officials, a port authority of new york and new jersey spokesman said.	cullum admitted she had been stealing from american airline planes for the last three years.
fern britton, who suffers from depression, has revealed how close she came to suicide.	she claims she knew the marriage was never right, but remembers the time after the divorce being particularly bleak.	fern and husband phil vickery will celebrate their 15th wedding anniversary next month.
seven female students, some of whom attend brigham young university in utah, were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man.	the victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named kayla in texas.	kayla responded by saying she tried to figure out who she was because it's' difficult' to be both gay and mormon.
shamed newsman brian williams's lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times, an internal investigation has reportedly found.	investigative journalists at the network have been poring over williams's past reports and statements after he was booted from the top job in tv news, hunting down signs of dishonesty.
gary barlow, mark owen and howard donald, who embark on their latest uk tour tomorrow, were told to pay back the cash 11 months ago after the' investment' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid.	it is understood the trio are dealing directly with hmrc but have yet to stump up the cash.	the take that trio have not appealed against last may's tax tribunal ruling that the icebreaker scheme they paid millions of pounds.
dr jim penman claims britons today have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised the victorian era as we enjoy a more comfortable standard of living.	he has drawn parallels between modern-day britain and 100bc in rome - when the city was at its most powerful as it captured more land overseas and greater wealth poured into the centre.	historian dr jim penman has suggested britons have lost the biological drive for innovation that helped huge social, economic and industrial changes.
prince charles' seal of approval there is also a wealth of products to make parenthood easier - whether you're royal or not.	yoomi's self-warming baby bottle promises to gently warm a baby's feed to the natural temperature of breast milk in just 60 seconds.
colin farrell has claimed that he's no longer the womaniser we once knew.	the 38-year-old actor says he's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career.	he's now branded his arrival in hollywood circa 2002 as' too much' to handle in his early 20s.
egyptian-born hani al-sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men, who then travelled abroad to join terror groups.	the radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where emwazi was unmasked in february as the notorious murderer in islamic state's ruthless propaganda videos, hung out with fellow jihadists.	he has also been linked to adel abdel bari, another egyptian-born jihadist and senior al-qaeda operative.
rare paintings used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in the wizard of oz have sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released.	one of the stunning watercolours, showing the moment dorothy, toto, the tinman, the lion and the scarecrow meet the wizard of oz for the first time, went for £25,000.	the other, imagining the emerald city, capital of the land of oz and home to the wizard, sold for £10,000.
people line up outside the supreme court in washington april 26 ahead of tuesday's arguments focusing on gay marriage.	justice anthony kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating to 1996.
fossilised item is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur skull, measuring 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long.	the dragon king dinosaur skull is being sold by hong kong-based experts at evolved.	it is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long, 5.2ft (1.6 metres) high and 4.6ft (1.4 metres) wide.	the skull belonged to a male triceratops that lived 66 million years ago.
rochelle holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs (left) after eating four takeaways a week - and she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day.	her lifestyle meant she had ballooned to 20st 5lbs, but after receiving the stark warning about her health she decided to lose weight and quit smoking once and for all.
corinthian colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses.	the closures include heald college campuses in california, hawaii and oregon.	corinthian was one of the country's largest for-profit educational institutions.	it collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations.
geoff haigh, 61, from oldham, greater manchester, wanted to marry his partner heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home.	but instead of having the magical day they had planned, the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.	guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over, and the couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two.
neanderthals were the dominant human species in europe and much of asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing entirely 41,000 years ago.	now scientists have found proof that a group of modern humans known as the protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern europe at around the same time the neanderthals disappeared.	it has settled a debate that has raged since they were discovered in 1976, and later in 1992.
rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton's syndrome.	his skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body.	his mother valerie jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out.
theresa may's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of' unacceptably savage' abuse he faced in libya.	judges rejected home secretary theresa may's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of' unacceptably savage' abuse he faced in libya.
michelle obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called' kailua blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow on more recent state services.	pickard, america's oldest fine china company, has been in business since 1893.
award-winning photographer uruma takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.	takezawa found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world and the results are a spectacular set of dramatic images, which currenlty form part of an exhibition at new york's foto-care gallery.
george at asda has created its' luxury christening range' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price.	the collection includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown, sateen romper, lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams as well as baby blues and pinks.
reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss.	a reddit user decided to skip the pleasantries and pen an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter.	the writer is believed to be america since the american spelling of ‘apologize’ is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the u.s. way of writing it.
the unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland, colorado, police there said in a news release.	the woman told the dispatcher' i went to get some dinner... and someone came up to me and he had a gun'.	loveland police said' we do not have a description of the man reported to have committed this act'.
dr sanjay gupta is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of saturday's deadly earthquake, performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, sandhya chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.	sandhya, who lives in a more remote area of the country, only reached kathmandu's bir hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain.
abu ward al-raqqawi, a self proclaimed' founder of the syrian revolution,' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis.	terror experts have revealed to daily mail australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate.
susannah ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in britain.	while many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well.	there are still several dozen british travellers who have not been heard from since saturday's earthquake.
horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff.	visitors to feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below their feet.	it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating arizona’s grand canyon skywalk by 16.4ft.
sophie wilson, 17, performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in willenhall, coventry.	the 16-year-old was taken to birmingham children's hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a' miracle' recovery.	sophie and katie alwill, 18, raised the alarm and summoned help after they stumbled across the teenager during a woodland walk.
red ed wants councils to encourage building by raising tax on unused land.	property analysts said the move would take britain back to the' dark days of the seventies'.	mr miliband wants to bring in' use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land.
former nsa chief general keith alexander has warned that the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault, with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker's prime target.	the stark warning comes from general keith alexander, the retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency.
john suchet was in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia.	adored wife of alec and hereward, mother-in-law of peta-jane, grandmother of finn and alexa.	classic fm presenter has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship.
judith russell, whose daughter katherine married tamerlan tsarnaev, one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the 2013 boston marathon, spoke at a court in the city today.	her words came as jurors decide whether tamerlan's brother, dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death.	his defense team argued on monday he is a' good boy' and should be spared the death penalty.
john hancock, brother john hancock, lodged a federal court to increase their stake in the family company, hancock prospecting.	the emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate gina rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests, the federal court heard.	bianca rinehart appeared in a sydney court to give evidence in an ugly legal battle over the family's finances.
lisa mcelroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line' great article on writing briefs' on march 31.	mcelroy said she was' mortified' and' in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done, she wrote in a column for the washington post.
jeremy jackson, of newport beach, has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife - and identified his attacker as' hobie' from the hit show.	the victim told police the man was hobie - jackson played hobie buchannon, the son of david hasselhoff's character mitch buchannon on baywatch.	jackson was released that same day on $30,000 bail, according to the los angeles county sheriff’s department.
michael o'leary took aim at air france in interview with le journal du dimanche.	it would be a €6 (£4) decrease from ryanair’s current average ticket price.	ryanair chief executive michael o'leary said he despises the' french political class', but loves france and the french.
myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting.	his brother, chinthu sukumaran has pleaded with the indonesian president to call off the firing squad while sukumaran's lawyer was pictured removing the morbid paintings from the death row inmate's cell.	sukumaran's fellow death row inmate andrew chan, has requested to spend his last hours in church with his family.
a pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan's tribal area of bajur, enjoys a ride on a merry-go-round along with other children, at a makeshift entertainment park set up in a slum area on the outskirts of islamabad.	however, for children living in pakistan's slums, often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas.
john sims, who had burkitt's lymphoma, died on saturday.	the pair married march 21 at the university of texas m.d.	john's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in grand junction, colorado.
nicholas pence, 25, and his father david, 56, were shot dead in an execution-style murder moments after party guests left their home in a quiet neighborhood.	moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers shortly before midnight, they were both shot dead at close range in an attack that shocked and baffled the quiet community of metairie.	police believe it was a botched burglary.
princess leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the vatican.	but at just 14-months-old and on the verge of the terrible twos, the infant duchess of gotland would probably have preferred to be doing something else.	but before that happens, she has a busy schedule of events in and outside of sweden to complete.
nursultan nazarbayev has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989.	kazakh television showed a triumphant nazarbayev walking on a red carpet, smiling and shaking hands and greeting thousands of jubilant supporters at a forum in the capital astana.	nursultan nazarbayev, who has been re-elected as president of kazakhstan after winning 97 per cent of the vote.
joyce cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff.	the schoolgirl had been walking with her older brother dennis, who was seven at the time, but she disappeared when he lost sight of her.	her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer.
the ocean-going tug mv hamal was intercepted by the royal navy and border force cutter valiant about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast.	the crew of the hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency's border policing command.	the crew of the hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency's border policing command.
vladimir bukovsky, 72, fled the soviet union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-soviet propaganda.	it came after he managed to smuggle to the west 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the communist state.	bukovsky is a dissident, author and activist who spent 12 years in soviet prisons, forced-labour camps and forced-treatment psychiatric hospitals.
us national' speedcubing' champion was at an official rubik's cube event in doylestown, pennsylvania, when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record.	the us national' speedcubing' champion was at an official rubik's cube event in doylestown, pennsylvania, when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record.
kayla mooney, 24, was arrested after allegedly having a sexual relationship with a student during her first year of teaching at danbury high school.	the boy involved with mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year.	mooney was in her first year teaching science at danbury high school turned herself in to police.
celine bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither' damaged' nor' deranged'.	she claims that she wishes other people would n't make her feel so ashamed of working in the sex industry - because she actually enjoys her job.	celine would like everyone to abandon whatever assumptions they've made about prostitutes.
st patrick's parish in stephensville, wisconsin has discontinued its original pig rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition from the event).	global conservation group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs.	it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
paul gilbert mocked ed miliband and joked that he hoped his'off-piste' comment would not' find it's way back' to the labour leadership, because he stands little hope of winning in cheltenham, gloucestershire.	he also blasted labour's' entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees and told voters at a university hustings:' i do n't like where we are'.
nick clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains, stopping off in eastleigh in hampshire.	instead of battling to win seats across the country, the party has highly targeted strategy, effectively fighting 60 by-elections in constituencies where his candidates stand a chance.	mr clegg today admitted that his party was fighting' tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of westminster seats.
matilda fitt played baby julia poldark in the bbc drama.	she was born to 34-year-old hannah fitt nine weeks early in barry, south wales.	matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving the hospital, where she was treated for pneumonia.	mrs fitt has revealed how watching the scene brought tears to her eyes.
fewer than one in five massachusetts residents want boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev to be executed believing a quick death would be' too easy an escape'.	tsarnaev, who killed three people and injured 260 others in the april, 2013 bombings, is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case.	prosecutors described the 21-year-old as' america's worst nightmare'.
patricia wilnecker, 81, fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall.	she fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall so much on her first visit in 1948 and has gone there every year - but can no longer go after a run-in with the landowner's son.	miss wilnecker claimed her exit was blocked by daniel for about ten minutes, while repair work was carried out on the private road leading to it.
bonnie suchet was described by her husband as' the love of my life'.	she died on april 15.	last night suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a' private family matter'.	he has thanked those on twitter who offered their condolences.
david cameron insists he has been an aston villa fan' all his life'.	he was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday.	but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants.
photographer jeffrey milstein shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes.	despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters.	mr milstein's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident.
elizabeth dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in july 2013.	she had invasive grade three breast cancer following a biopsy.	but four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients, and she'd never had cancer.
brady olson, a teacher at north thurston high, took down a gunman on monday.	he was hailed a hero for tackling a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on monday morning.	no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey, washington.
photographer renee bergeron, 38, suffers from fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and has a feeding tube in her stomach.	mordecai was diagnosed with congenital femoral deficiency, which affects her legs, hips, and knees.
study of australians' spending habits reveals 1.2 million either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner.	17 per cent will hide their credit card spending, versus 14 per cent of men.	it is n't just women keeping mum either, generation y (18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories.
the plane was minutes away from take-off at the airport in hurghada.	an unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane.	he was forced to return to its stand, where the man was removed.	passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed for manchester.
kim and khloe kardashian laid flowers at the armenian genocide memorial.	the reality star said it was' very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office.	kardashian, whose armenian heritage comes from her father, has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
charlotte briggs, seven, was told she can not attend lydgate junior school in sheffield.	her mother lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job.	mrs briggs is now planning to appeal the decision made by the authority after charlotte was given a spot at shooters grove primary.
jo malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising the tories' as the' only people' who can keep the economy secure.	the signatories - who together employ nearly 100,000 people - said they' would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'.
auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race.	the attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru.	coastguards took to the water near gulf harbour, off auckland's whangaparaoa peninsula.
volunteers are facing the daunting task of burning the bodies of victims who were killed during saturday's devastating earthquake.	with the death toll now standing at more than 4,000, mass cremations have been taking place next to the bagmati river.	today, plumes of white, acrid smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.
lord janner sent a ‘ thank you’ christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges'.	officer said he was appalled by the labour peer’s note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner’s alleged sex abuse.
jay z launched a stream of tweets on sunday defending his premium music streaming app tidal after the service, launched last month.	his social media diatribe comes as reports claim that tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as spotify and apple.	tidal tweets: using the hashtag # tidalfacts, the rap mogul told naysayers that' actions will speak louder than words' as he continues to fine tune the streaming service he purchased for $56 million.
survivors described running for their lives as a ‘tsunami’ of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on base camp.	up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world’s highest peak.
sergeant edwin mee, 46, accused of raping 11 young women who wanted to join the forces.	the officer - known as' jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011 at an army careers centre in croydon.	mee, who has served in war zones in iraq and afghanistan, denies 17 counts of sexual assault.
the stars of martin scorsese's classic 1990 gangster reunited in new york.	stars ray liotta, lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance.	director scorsese was filming in taiwan and joe pesci.
three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie swapped treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones in his quest to lose weight.	his owners say he's now' a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas.
william shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news.	he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from seattle down to california to transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought problem.	but the proposal to build a pipeline hundreds of miles long has been declared' highly illogical' by some experts.
kristopher hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in bath, somerset, with his girlfriend in a taxi driven by michael young, 56, five years ago.	mr young, a former soldier, had mistakenly believed mr hicks was planning to' do a runner' and decided to drive him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson.	but when mr hicks objected, the driver continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph.
the stunning ashbrittle yew, in the churchyard of st john the baptist, has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy.	its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to disease.	locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
last month instagram launched a standalone app called layout.	emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text.	emoji are popular in the instagram community, with nearly half of instagram captions.
bruce jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on e! starting july 27.	there is no denying that bruce's six biological children and four stepkids are' proud' of the father figure as some called him their' hero' on twitter.	kim and the boys think bruce was spectacular on the diane sawyer special and in won over millions of people in the process.
sydney duo the presets, made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes, published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night.	hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week.	fans were divided on the posts, with some supporting the pair's stance, while others criticised it.
jane tipper had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and her daughter hannah in eype, dorset, last week.	she survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope and coming to rest in gorse near the bottom.	molly was found in an exhaustive state after walking a mile further along the beach to an area popular with dog walkers.	she contacted the website doglost which arranged for missing posters to be put up in the area.
mary cowan, 92, ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to george watson's college in edinburgh where she had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children.	ms cowan, of edinburgh, passed away in november last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where famous faces such as olympic hero sir chris hoy and rugby legend gavin hastings were taught.
the presence of blue origin, llc, the brainchild of jeff bezos, barely registers in nearby van horn, a way station along interstate 10, a full decade after he began buying land in one of texas' largest and most remote counties.	few visitors are allowed beyond the' no trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the air force's renowned area 51 in nevada.	spacex is frequently in the headlines thanks to its nearly $2 billion federal contract.
nick clegg tonight set out the first of his' red lines' for a second coalition.	the liberal democrats admitted today that their best hope is to end up with 30-something mps after may 7.
daniel williams, from toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom, before editing all of the clips together to offer an action-packed perspective of his regular daily life.	the video, which is titled' boring office job gopro commercial', has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe.
oscar hernandez jr - no relation to disgraced nfl player, has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his infamous namesake’s murder case.	earlier this month, aaron hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player in 2013.	hernandez had been a rising star in the nfl with a $41million contract.
northern territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman following the drug bust in katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of darwin on sunday.	police found approximately 20 kilograms of the depressant drug kava - divided into 862 deal bags.
maitland local karen newton performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights.	when she got to the water's edge at testers hollow, ms newton plucked her cornet from the car and began playing at the kurri kurri dawn service and was on her way to gillieston heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods.	as the sun rose over the water, ms newton could be seen facing five stranded residents.
elena klimova, 26, runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination.	the activist fought back by publishing the messages on vkontakte, the russian equivalent of facebook, under the title:' beautiful people and the things they say to me'.	elena klimova managed to track down the social media accounts of many of her trolls, and has posted their vile messages along with candid photos of each sender.
hillary clinton is sworn in as the 44th president of the united states in january 2017.	she will not only be the country's first female president but also the second oldest, behind ronald reagan, ever to open the doors to the white house.	it appears the presidential candidate is very much celebrating her age.
sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining how her moms had a baby.	the short film was created by the next family, an organisation that supports diverse families.	the video is illustrated by the first-grader, who uses a series of kid-friendly cartoons to depict the process she is describing.
filomena d'alessandro and bill green have claimed the infant's remains, who they have named lily grace, in order to provide her with a fitting farewell.	now locals filomena d'alessandro and bill green have claimed the infant's remains in order to provide her with a fitting farewell.	'we’re local and my husband is a police officer and he’s worked with many of the officers investigating it.
keats, a san francisco writer, has designed a' millennium camera' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus.	he hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in massachusetts with his' millennium camera'.	the camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment.
south glasgow university hospital opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad.	the striking atrium reaches up the entire height of the building, which replaces four ageing hospitals across glasgow, some of which date back to victorian times.	ukip said there was a' substantial financial problem' at the heart of the nhs.
vanessa kennard was suspended in her absence by the nursing and midwifery council after failing to turn up at the hearing.	she was one of three charged with mistreating grant clarke, 45, at a rehabilitation unit at sevenoaks hospital in kent.	the father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in may 2012.
french artist vincent lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named' projections' in la's trendy silver lake neighborhood and it instantly became a hit with passers-by who stopped to take photos.	mr lamouroux used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called bates motel, including several towering palm trees and the fence around the rundown property.
miranda ashley calvin, 19, was arrested by gresham police on sunday afternoon.	police were called to a gresham road at about 8.30pm on saturday night where they found 49-year-old jerrie ann hornig dead when they arrived.	miranda ashley calvin, 19, was arrested and booked into multnomah county detention center on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving.
scotland's first minister said the labour leader had allowed himself to be' kicked around' by the tories and called on him to be' tougher' and' bolder'.	polls suggesting no one party will have a majority after may 7 and support for the snp hitting a record high, the conservatives have ramped up warnings about a post-election deal between labour and the scottish nationalists.	scotland's first minister, appearing on newsnight tonight, said the labour leader had allowed himself to be' kicked around' by the tories to rule out a coalition deal.
ian somerhalder and nikki reed are officially married.	the 26-year-old held onto her man as she navigated her way down a gravelly slope.	he was seen carefully picking up the train of her dress to protect it from the floor.
hundreds of survivalists and so-called' preppers' descended on the salt lake city, utah, suburb of sandy on friday for the nation's first ever preppercon.	they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies.	it has a 500-mile (805km) range, a 200 mpg efficiency and a heavy-duty universal rack.
broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ‘rugged’ approach.	experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.
eva mozes kor, 81, publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness, called for the prosecutions of former ss officers to end.	by doing so, she faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in germany.	mrs kor made her comments during a television appearance last night discussing the purpose of the trial.
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon scoffed at ed miliband’s attempts to rule out a post-election pact with the scottish national party last night as she said labour had no chance of winning a majority on its own.	mr miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a ‘ confidence and supply’ deal with the snp, who look set to deprive his party of an outright win and could hold the balance of power.	critics said that would mean a weak labour government having to negotiate day out with snp mps.
mark lawson, 44, was in the diamond tap public house in newbury, berkshire.	he agreed that his co-worker simon myers could take some chips from his plate.	mr myers started eating an onion ring, lawson was angered, shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh.	the defendant said "do n't you come between me and my onion rings".
jordan almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to brentwood's john muir hospital.	deputies put out an alert for schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home.	officials did n't say what schultz was being treated for and the motive for the stabbing remains under investigation.
oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 tonnes of fuel oil when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11.	it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later.	greenpeace criticised the decision to tow the vessel out to sea after it caught fire in los palmas port.
more than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for a controversial protein world weight loss advertisement to be pulled.	the bright yellow advert for protein world has been put up in a number of london underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question.	but the campaign, which promotes the brand's weight loss collection, has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners.
the dutch royal couple were all smiles as they meet well-wishers in the trading city.	it was part of willem-alexander's 48th birthday celebrations.	koningsdag - or king's day - is a public holiday in the netherlands.
amy-beth ellice, 17, from essex started baking at three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy's baking year at just 14.	the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef.	amy-beth also has a regular column in ok! magazine and continues to supply other publications with tips and recipes.
pritesh, 36 and mansi gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago but repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition.	mansi's sister hiral shah, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby - and after ivf treatment, gave birth to krish three weeks ago after a six-month fight for life.	however, the boy, khushi, was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life.
student hannah wilson, 49, was last seen at the same bar where lauren spierer partied before she vanished in 2011.	her body was found in rural brown county, about 10 miles from the campus, on friday after a night out at kilroy's sports bar in bloomington, indiana last week.	daniel messel, 49, was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death.	circumstances of her disappearance are' eerily similar' to the case again.
euan ritchie and jen martin had vanished, and they still haven’t been able to track down the would-be benefactor.	the couple decided to make the page after indigenous tribes from the northern territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate.	australia has the highest extinction rate for native mammals.
mark hawkins, 49, was holed up in a vintage blue bus in salem, oregon.	swat officers involved heavy gunfire, tear gas and the use of an armored car.	hawkins, who was being hunted in lane county for failing to appear on a charge of a controlled substance, had barricaded himself in the vehicle after he was approached by police.
george osborne claimed the' one hour' a week he had allowed himself off each week during the election campaign.	he vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk.
researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18 per cent of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions.	temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°c above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years.
the avalanche started on mount kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak.	eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four americans, and 61 were injured.	survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow.
ed miliband will today announce a' clear, credible plan' on immigration.	his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration.	the tories are fighting the election on a commitment to reduce net migration to the ‘ tens of thousands’.
a man takes a selfie at the historic dharahara tower that was damaged in saturday's earthquake in kathmandu, nepal.	they have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the famed dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies in front of the wreckage.	it is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists.	it has been photographed far more than other buildings destroyed by the natural disaster.
al qaeda hostages dr warren weinstein, a 73-year-old economic adviser from the us, and 39-year-old italian aid worker giovanni lo porto were killed in a botched drone strike in january.	us officials say could have been postponed had it not been for a relaxed drone policy.	cia operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al qaeda-linked militants targeted in the january 15 strike.
amanda holden has told how her sister is trapped on mount everest after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday.	she said:' it's awful, i can barely speak.	it's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in nepal.	' she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp, where a deadly avalanche hit, because she was ill and had stopped off to recover.
36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile marathon.	they exchanged vows en route and combined their love for each other.	the pair, who live in clapham, london, ran across the finish line together.	paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago.
the touching words were written by tyrone sevilla and delivered to peter dutton's office in brisbane on monday, along with a petition containing 122,000 signatures.	the poster simply said:' dear mr sutton, can i stay in australia please.	tyrone.	this comes after the immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because tyrone's autism would be a' burden on the australian health system'.
wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy to offer customers a cat fostering service.	the north london-based charity say that the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents.
researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing.	researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24.	they then asked a group of men – with an average age of mid 20s.
the storm started sunday evening in comanche county, texas.	more than five tornadoes were spotted across north and central texas sunday.	there were unconfirmed reports of shingles being blown off rooftops in stephenville.
prime minister john key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her' uncomfortable'.	after the incident, reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of mr key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a tumblr page.
cassandra fortin, 17, was diagnosed with hodgkin's lymphoma last year.	she was made to undergo chemotherapy for hodgkin's lymphoma.	she said she was' happy' to be heading back to her hartford home.	she said she was' so happy to finally be on my way home, after 5 months'.
lucy models the ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses.	the 24-year-old showcases ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses in the shoot.	lucy, 23, describes her perfect summer as' sun, tan and chilling'.
the infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on monday following saturday's devastating 7.8-magnitude earthquake, which has so far claimed more than 4,600 lives.	the plane had previously delivered doctors to nepal to aid rescue efforts.	later in the day, five more infants landed safely in tel aviv with their israeli families.
dr xiao-ping zhai says she has used chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant.	she's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic, which airs tonight on bbc2.	dr zhai's methods include acupuncture and prescribing a combination of chinese herbs which must be taken in the morning and 12 in the evening.
isobel attwood has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in winchester, hampshire, on saturday afternoon.	police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a' small build' and has brown hair with extensions.	friends have posted on social media saying the 16-year-old is in his 20s.
kris jenner looked downcast and emotional as she took a trip to the gym in beverly hills on monday morning.	she said his third wife kris knew about his desire to be female.	diane sawyer said during the abc 20/20 special that kris had declined to comment on her husband's gender transition even though previous two wives issued messages of support that were read out on the program.
gel contains platelet-rich plasma - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing.	it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components.	u.s. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns.
dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was furious to discover her friend had stolen from her.	the bereaved mother, named dawn, was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum, convicted burglar jamie, of making off with the cash.	when one of mr kyle's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie, who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie, had done the deed, she said.
chrystie crownover told gma on monday that she watched her ex-husband, bruce jenner's dramatic abc diane sawyer interview together with bruce.	bruce jenner's first wife has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman.
ian pettigrew, 46, from ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis.	he realized that he had far more female subjects than male.
john goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the rockingham county superior courthouse in brentwood on friday.	he was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.	the jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75-year-old's case.
local villagers work on renewing the keshwa chaca - the last inca rope bridge - in the andes near huinchiri, peru.	bridges were an integral part of the incredible inca road system that stretches for 25,000 miles, from modern-day ecuador to argentina.
73-year-old suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue vauxhall corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the asda store in hulme, manchester.	she was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia, when the thief sneaked into her car and stole the black garmin device from underneath the passenger seat.	police have issued the photograph of the suspected offender and are appealing to anyone who might know this man to come forward.
craig, 54, is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer, which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body.	craig, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012.	he is now well and his tumours have shrunk.
beatrice, who has no official royal duties, has long championed children's educational causes and is herself dyslexic.	the 26-year-old is also patron of a number of charities, among them the helen arkell dyslexia centre and the teenage cancer trust.
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general.	she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that' we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country.	' we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' lynch said.
anzac day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in gallipoli, but it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day.	many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up but others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others.
liberal democrats leader nick clegg makes a speech during a general election campaign visit to sutton in south london.	friends of the deputy prime minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps, while sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election.
the extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places.	geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air.	the mass, which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level, measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide, a town official said.
meteorologists say early indicators show that an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week could hit the region, with heavy rain possible from thursday.	state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed.	locals survey the damage and destruction caused by flooding in dungog in the nsw hunter region.
personal trainer james staring, from fit to last, a london-based fitness company, says he has four simple ways to banish belly fat.	he reveals the best ways to burn away belly fat... avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise.
barbara mcgrath said st. joseph middle school officials informed her that rose mcgrath could return to the battle creek school but postponed a meeting to discuss concerns until later this week to allow for' a cooling-off period.	barbara mcgrath said that her daughter is attending lakeview middle school and that she ca n't say whether rose will return to st. joseph, a private catholic school, until she determines if issues can be resolved.	barbara mcgrath says that does n't include' numerous' partial days.
victoria beckham might be one of the world's most successful fashion designers.	she still ca n't seem to pip her husband at the style stakes.	movie great audrey hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family.
poldark smith took to twitter to complain about the show ending.	the morning after # poldark, the sun has managed to rise in the sky.	the drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far.
christopher nathan may, 50, is accused of killing tracey woodford, 47.	her body was discovered at a flat in pontypridd, south wales on friday.	may is charged with a single charge of murder and is accused of killing his alleged victim at some point between april 20 and april 25.
tim ward and his wife of 38 years, brandy, were at home in oso, washington, on march 22, 2014, when he lost his wife and house in the mudslide.	her husband tim broke his pelvis, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface.	brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster.
the nissan note was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of more than 60,000 drivers.	the mark one hyundai i20 was named the second most uncomfortable car, with 81.1 per cent and fiat panda mk2 at 81.49 per cent.
radio industry has been calling for this to change.	many of the devices do n't have the feature activated.	however, nearly two thirds of these devices do n't have the feature.
andrew chan is set to face death by firing squad, reports have emerged.	the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island.	this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february.	febyanti and chan met each other in kerobokan prison in 2012 after a friend introduced the pair.
ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted.	the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday, causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp.	arenson revealed that the google engineer and arkansas-native wanted to return to mount everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed.
kim richards is now in a malibu rehab, but the star was out of control when she was arrested at the beverly hills hotel.	she tells all to dr phil in a show that will air tomorrow.
reality tv star said mr miliband' definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of' snog, marry or avoid'.	reality tv star said mr miliband' definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of' snog, marry or avoid'.
the partially-submerged ruins of the st ivan rilski church are the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya, bulgaria.	residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime.
jennifer lopez's arms activate the upper body to get the enviable physiques of the stars.	she claims' sometimes when i get home and i'm not feeling so great, i make myself go to the gym'.
palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a' platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet.	the animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters velociraptor, carnotaurus and tyrannosaurus, from which birds today evolved - but was a vegetarian.	however, more than a dozen specimens have now been excavated.
engineers at the dfki robotics centre describe the eossc2 as an' ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and plan on enabling it to drive itself.	the eossc2 is described as an' ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and is designed to connect to others to form a train.	crabs have a wide flat body to make it easier squeeze into narrow spaces and the eossc2 works in a similar way.
emergency services were called to the parmelia hotel in perth at 1am on monday before the man leapt.	police say the pair were both intoxicated when an argument escalated, which led the man to jump off the balcony where he landed in an estimate 1.3 metres of water.
rhiannon wilkinson, head of wycombe abbey, reportedly said a' boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex, who are known to mature slower.	she also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the' highly sexualised world' and allow them to' remain girls for longer'.
ukip leader said his party is now the' serious challenger' to labour in northern seats.	he said that his party is now the' serious challenger' to labour in northern seats.	mr farage called on conservative supporters to vote tactically to help ukip beat labour in its target seats.
lt. david lloyd tells media outlets special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh of livonia, michigan, died sunday.	the 34-year-old marihugh and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive on friday at the bottom of the combat swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story.	lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2.
george w. bush spoke at a closed-door meeting with jewish donors in las vegas, the 68-year-old former leader suggested that obama's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible.	he noted that the country's government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that america could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on tehran anytime soon.	bush's concerns are in stark contrast to obama's belief that although the contents of the agreement would likely have a negative impact on us national security in the future.
the egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as pharaoh's palace, promises a' perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in tampa.	millionaire owner gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property.
isa richardson made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p.	the schoolgirl, who has not been named, told police she felt intimidated by richardson, 46, and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money.	richardson is a well-known character in maidstone, kent, who has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines for other offences.
tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the daytime emmy awards in burbank, california.	the 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television.	matt however was then shown with his head superimposed over the body of a chiseled man wearing only tasseled pasties, black briefs and lace-topped stockings.
john lord, 86, went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after his beloved wife june, 81, died from a' catastrophic bleed' to the brain.	his family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her.
karen bell, 42, from hull, met the man on the dating website and the pair exchanged flirty texts - before meeting up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers.	hull crown court heard after their meeting she contacted the man – who can not be named for legal reasons.	bell has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail.
sky launched its buy and keep scheme for customers this time last year.	it lets people stream movies straight to their tv, or to their mobiles using an app, as well as receive a hard copy in the post.
polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the night wolves.	they were allowed to go on by belarusian guards but they were then held in a hangar by polish officials.	each of them will individually receive a decision denying them entry into poland's territory'.
pat senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton, greater manchester, with the animals, taking in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary.	she estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, including lurchers, german shepherds and chinese cresteds who all sleep and live at her home.	mrs senior spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets.
betheny coyne, from wigan, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect.	she was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta.	she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family.
australian financial review journalist geoff winestock has spoken out in support of sacked sbs journalist scott mcintyre, who was fired on sunday over his controversial anzac day tweets.	the australian financial review has labelled anzacs' racist yobs', while standing up for an sbs football reporter who was sacked after condemning anzac day on twitter.	i also think anzacs were racist yobs and anzac day is a death cult.
aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks americans to attempt the australian accent by saying'g'day mate, how you going? but when asked by the brisbane man to repeat the phrase, the filmmaker captured it all.	this is the latest in a series of videos murray put together one of which asks people to guess what common australian expressions mean.
linden, new jersey police officer pedro abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month.	tests show linden officer pedro abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24 ; the legal limit in new york is 0.08.	there was no immediate response to an email seeking comment from the union representing linden police officers.	investigators had applied for a warrant to test abad's blood shortly after the accident.
met office meteorologist charlie powell told mailonline last night:' it will feel cooler'.	conditions this week are set to be average for april, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures for most of the uk.
media executives who spoke to politico say that information given to the press from the nbc investigation into anchor brian williams was designed to make the broadcaster resign.	news broke this weekend that the committee investigating the nbc star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.	williams signed a deal with the network last year to continue at the network thought to be worth $10million a year.
tamale rocks was performing at chicago bar, cigars and stripes.	she stumbled on the creepy looking glass and filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone - revealing that opening the door took her into a closet providing a clear view of the stall.	but despite public outrage the bar's owner ronnie lottz told website jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the mirror, which was initially set up as part of a halloween prank in 2001, has brought his staff ‘joy’.
colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls.	he strangled 15-year-old lynda mann to death after raping her on a deserted footpath in the leicestershire village of narborough in 1983.	he received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years in 2009.	he was jailed at leicester crown court in 1988 after pleading guilty to two counts of murder, two of indecent assault and one of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
mitchell keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago.	his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital.	they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved.	mr keenan's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment, scabies and dementia.
prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew.	the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid may.	harry, who will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival, had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes.
nasa has unveiled an interactive tool that lets you explore this world.	using the map you can see a huge amount of features on vesta.	vesta, discovered in 1807, is the second most massive body in the asteroid belt after the dwarf planet ceres.
eben kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and three counts of first-degree sodomy and three counts of first-degree sodomy.	authorities believe kaneshiro hanged himself in his cell at deschutes county adult jail, according to oregonlive.	paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am on sunday.
inspectors in welshpool and llandrindod wells have been accused of being too nice.	their lax approach meant that parking in the evenings and at weekends had become a ‘ free for all’.	powys council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break.
the man, only named as mr zhang, was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in dezhou city in east china when he was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike.	villagers from shoma ying said that his younger brother had been on the same junction last august when a collision with a lorry killed him instantly, according to the people's daily online.
melbourne radio broadcaster john burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called bachar a' terrorist' at a club function at the mcg on friday night during the tigers' match against melbourne.	the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns and said he does n't recall making the comment, and is' mortified' by the allegation.	mr burns said that while he did n't recall making such a comment, he apologised unreservedly if any offence had been caused.
ofqual found that one in five reported that colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy.	teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, wrongly bumping up marks and even writing coursework, it has been revealed.
samantha armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a sunrise broadcast last month.	the cause of controversy came when the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk, lucy and maria aylmer, who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones.
the £2,000 designer tote bag, hand-made in japan, was a 50th birthday gift for hampstead woman, sabine smouha, from her husband jeremy, the director of an investments company.	but when it arrived in britain in 2013, customs officers confiscated it because nile crocodiles are a protected species and it did n't have the right documentation.	judge anne redston said the crocodile was farmed and mrs smouha had relied on the reputable japanese manufacturer to get the formalities right.
around seven human skulls dating back nearly 2,000 years have far been found as part of the latest discovery by archaeologists at the london crossrail site near liverpool street station.	when about 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in the sediment of the historic river walbrook in 2013 it had been thought that they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a roman cemetery to the north.	scientific tests are continuing on the cremated remains, with the possibility the grim ritual theory may be confirmed and that most of the seven skulls found so far are heads of executed criminals and rebels.
kevin love, who dislocated his left shoulder on sunday, has criticized his opponent for what he called a'bush-league' play.	cleveland's power forward was injured in the first quarter of the cavaliers' 101-93 victory that completed a four-game sweep when he and boston's kelly olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after jae crowder of the celtics missed a 3-pointer.	olynyk's right arm became entangled with love's left arm.	love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder.
naunihal singh, 54, woke up his daughter-in-law’s father and slashed him with a kitchen knife.	the attack in crumpsall, manchester, came after a heated argument over the couple's lack of children.	naunihal accusing naunihal's son yawinder-pal ‘monty’, 37, of' firing blanks'.
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens.	of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently.	the startling figures confirm fears that the small british mammal is suffering a huge decline.
border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki's lap.	brief clip, set to' les toreadors' from' carmen,' first shows a man, identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki.
the mark 1 version of reginald mitchell's famous design was among the first built in march 1940, but spitfire p9374 never made it to the battle of britain as it crash-landed in may 1940.	the fighter plane, dubbed the ballerina because of its grace in the skies, was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove over dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber.	before it was lost, spitfire p9374 was at one point almost certainly flown by squadron leader roger bushell, later' big x', who was part of the famous breakout from german prisoner of war camp stalag luft iii.
alton hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday, april 25, he told wsbtv.	' i had actually just finished putting on a blazer and a bow tie waiting for her to return,' he said.	hines was going to escort o'brien to the lakeside high school prom.
furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at ickworth house in suffolk.	the move was designed to encourage visitors to ‘ dwell and take in the atmosphere’ in the room but it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move ‘misguided’.	the national trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags in the library of ickworth house, suffolk.
cody knecht, of st. tammany fire district in louisiana, was sent to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain.	in the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety.
chipotle co-ceo steve ells, the company's co-ceo and founder, discussed the new development with cnn money.	' it's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients'.	cnnmoney reported that the move marks chipotle as the first gmo-free national fast food chain.
selena dicker, 38, outran the avalanche on mount everest in the wake of the nepal quake.	the tragedy forced miss dicker, head of lending for finance company europa capital mezzanine, to abandon her first attempt on the summit.
brenda finn, 30, says losing her hair at the age of 14 destroyed her confidence.	she was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school.	she says she is finally able to face the world with more confidence.
university of waterloo astrophysicists have created a 3d master map of the universe spanning nearly two billion light years.	it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter – one of physics' greatest mysteries.
rapa nui people placed distinctive' hats' made of red stone on top of some of the figures’ heads, more than 700 years ago.	they believe that the hats, or' pukao', were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft (12 metres) tall.
lib dem stephen gilbert posted a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.	he joked that the dog had' unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.	mr gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in st austell and newquay.
ruth bader ginsburg has already made up her mind about gay marriage.	the famously liberal justice, who is 82, will be part of a decision which could legalize the practice nationwide.
madelyn yensen, 94, of salt lake city, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm.	the two married on october 17, 1940, only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio.
elle macpherson, who turned 51 last month, has revealed she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body.	the body's ph value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is, and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease.	elle is well-known for her healthy diet and even released her own superfood product, the super elixir.
myuran sukumaran has pledged to fight the death penalty' with everything i have for the rest of my life'.	the execution will likely take place in' death valley' - a clearing on nusakambagan.	there, they will be given the option to be blindfolded.
jemma gawned appeared on the first season of the australian big brother in 2001.	she insists that' spreading the vibration of love through food' is the key to her success.	ms gawned was one of the housemates on the first australian big brother in 2001.
sierra pippen, 20, is charged with public urination and public intoxication.	she was arrested at the same place on april 10 for public intoxication.	she was charged with public urination and public intoxication on sunday.
david curry, 49, had travelled ten miles from home to visit the wallow in blyth, northumberland, for the first time with wife vee, 45, and her daughter kayleigh.	but when the family arrived mr curry was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing a pair of £40 adidas trousers.	the pub chain has apologised to mr curry from ashington, but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013.
photojournalist was allegedly beaten by police saturday night as he covered protests in baltimore, maryland.	a video posted to the newspaper's website sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking giordano as city paper managing editor baynard woods screams,' he's a photographer! he's press!'
retired general sir frank kitson won cbe for his service in the army.	it is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the troubles.	sir frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in northern ireland at the time.	but sir frank told the daily mail he had no connection to the case.
binge drinking may seem like a uniquely modern phenomenon, according to health experts.	ancient civilisations such as the romans, greeks and egyptians have to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands.
waze, which operates like a free gps navigation tool, allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, potholes and more.	there are growing concerns that google's waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations.	this image taken from the app on an iphone, in washington, shows police at the scene on a map on instagram.
sharon smith, 43, was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip.	she struggled to fit in the plane seat.	today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race.
the orchid is one of the most unique and instantly recognisable flowers in the world.	it has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal, called the lip, in addition to three' normal' petals.	there are between 21,950 and 26,049 accepted species of orchid, most of which have a large and irregular modified petal.	they also have three sepals, which sometimes look like other petals, and a single column at the centre.
poppy smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling.	but as the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual, the 23-year-old began to get upset.	finally, after a month of unwanted attention from the men on her walk to work, she at first tried to ignore it.
greystone park psychiatric center, in new jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients, but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people.	it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases which has allowed some of the rooms to be filled with leaves and snow.
huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends.	research by wildlife charity the wwf identified 11' deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur.
thailand has seized three tons of ivory hidden in tea leaf sacks from kenya.	the 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were bound for laos.	the bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in laos and thailand.	the bust came one week after thai customs officials seized four tons of tusks.
nicola bonn, 34, started a candid blog called upfront mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl poppy, 14 months, and many of her posts have gone viral.	she wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers wouldn’t feel as' clueless' as she did.	one of her blog posts, why we need to stop justifying ourselves, went viral - no doubt thanks to her candid account of bringing up a baby for the first time.
rifaat al-assad, 77, is being probed by french police over his £64million fortune.	mr al-assad, 77, went into exile in europe after staging failed coup against his brother hafez al assad, who was syria's president at the time and is also bashar's father.	he has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury moving between homes in paris, london and the southern spanish city of marbella.
undersheriff tim albin, of the tulsa county sheriff's office in oklahoma, quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates, 73.	bates, a millionaire insurance broker, had made substantial donations to the department in previous years.	he has been charged with manslaughter - but a judge allowed him to take a month-long holiday to the bahamas before his day in court.	albin was named in a 2009 internal investigation released friday that showed deputies had expressed concerns about bates' performance.
jeremy clarkson and his fellow top gear presenters were just about to renew their lucrative contacts for three more years but they were scrapped when the star punched the show's producer.	may says he had ordered the last ever ferrari 458 speciale - in bright orange - while the' draft version' of the lucrative contract was sitting on his desk' with only a few details to resolve'.	clarkson, 55, was sensationally sacked by the bbc last month and richard hammond, 45, joined may in confirming he will not return to top gear this week.
victoria beckham was unlikely to turn up at the london marathon.	she accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and' team romeo' t-shirt with a pair of alaïa boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
stana katic and kris brkljac spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012, wed in croatia over the weekend.	she has married longtime boyfriend, business consultant kris brkljac, who she is hardly ever seen with in public.
american doctor ellen gallant was on everest when the devastating earthquake struck, sparking an avalanche that killed 18 people.	four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and sherpas.
home office was warned that lord janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it.	but instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to leicestershire police.	revelation will heighten fears the peer, now 86, was the beneficiary of an establishment cover-up.
two-year-old landen martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville, georgia home on sunday at 12.25pm.	joshua saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including dui, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide, according to the gainesville times.	joshua saunders was arrested on charges including dui, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide (above the driveway of the gainesville, georgia home).
over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading' # keephopealive' on monday night.	the two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on wednesday (3am aest).	300 people gathered at the blues point reserve on sydney's north shore contained 15,000 flowers donated by amnesty international supporters.
yves van de ven, 37, posted a photograph on social media in a bid to poke fun of the typical tourist pictures.	the 37-year-old said he thought it would be hilarious to deliberately make fun of the typical pictures with famous landmarks.
professor irwin horwitz claimed that he had seen cheating, heard false rumors about himself and other students and had been called a'f****** moron' to his face.	horwitz's email said that every single student in the approximately 30-person class would fail because of the behavior he had seen during the semester.
sharon wood listened intently as she heard how her two children died.	christianne shepherd, seven, and her brother robert, six, were overcome by carbon monoxide that leaked from a faulty boiler as a ‘ happy and relaxed’ family holiday in corfu ended in ‘ appalling tragedy’.	christi shepherd, seven, and her brother bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in corfu in october 2006.
brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message' i'm sorry' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses.	the aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses on monday afternoon.	if you've screwed up in the last 24 hrs have your partner look at the sky right now.
virginia trimble ritter's daughter, marcia, was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975.	marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared and ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos.	charlie, who died in 1989, wanted their last memory to be of her running in and out of the house,' the real marcia.	but ritter told the tennessean, last year it was a decision she now regrets.
derek murray, a university of alberta law student, found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton.	he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life.	murray's life-affirming tale has now gone viral, he says' it just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can spread through everyone and help make everyone’s day a little brighter'.
vivien's models catherine mcgill told daily mail australia they launched an' influencers' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers.	mcgill says the average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers.
scientists have created a live imaging map of the tongue's taste buds to determine what happens each time we place food in our mouths.	it reveals how taste buds have different cells that are used to differentiate between between the five basic groups of flavours.
snp leader insisted she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament, even though she is not even standing for election to the commons.	ms sturgeon said that mr miliband will' have to reflect how people have voted and they will have to on a practical level be prepared to talk to others'.
lu xincai, who lives in zhejiang province in eastern china, says he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease.	he ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she does n't fall off.
marie ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges.	she worked at the scandal-hit furness general hospital where joshua titcombe died at just nine days old.	the allegations against ms ratcliffe also included claims she failed to adequately monitor patients, record key observations in patient notes or request assistance from doctors.
michael churton from new york was with four colleagues at the mount everest base camp, 17,500ft above sea level, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow.	the 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with.	churton, 38, from bids good-bye to fellow survivors mariusz malkowski from new jersey after their return to the domestic airport in kathmandu, nepal.
taya kyle told abc's robin roberts she gathered her son, colton and daughter, mckenna and prepared to tell them.	taya, 40, was speaking to roberts for a special edition of abc news' 20/20 which will air on friday, may 1 and will catch up with the widow of kyle, whose story is portrayed in the blockbuster movie, american sniper.	it will be the first in-depth interview that kyle has given since former marine eddie ray routh was found guilty of capital murder.
keri davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing.	mr davies explained: ‘ sex is even harder, as it were.	we do have a bed in the studio because your voice sounds different when you are lying down.
leo greene, 39, of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at 3am.	the events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging.	the chase then started on a public road near salt lake city international airport on monday at 3am.	greene was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
ronald jebson, who was responsible for the' babes in the woods' murders, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago.	jebson's final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.	beryl hanlon, whose 12-year-old son gary was killed together with his 11-year-old friend susan blatchford in 1970, sobbed as she heard the news.	in 2000 he confessed his part in the deaths of gary hanlon, 12, and susan blatchford, 11, thirty years earlier.
jef rouner wrote in the houston press that his daughter was forced to cover up when she wore this spaghetti-strap sundress to her school in houston, texas.	she was told that the spaghetti straps of her'full-length' dress were' against the rules'.	teachers said that it violated the dress code.
andrew silicani, 23, of cheyenne, wyoming, pleaded guilty to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders.	he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.	andrew silicani, 23, of cheyenne pleaded guilty to all charges against him with no agreement from prosecutors to recommend a lesser sentence.
britons heading to europe on holiday are facing the nightmare of arriving at their destination and not being able to hire a car.	information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the dvla’s database, and will have to be checked online, by phone or by post.
guo kai and girlfriend dong hui, who turned 22 on monday, had been planning to get married this month in southwest china.	but dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital, meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed.	dong had to stay lying down the whole time due to serious bone cancer.
u.s. secretary of state john kerry and iranian foreign minister met monday for the first time since world powers and iran sealed a framework agreement on april 2 that would limit iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon.	they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of june 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.	energy secretary ernest moniz said a final agreement would in some ways be tougher than what the u.s. has outlined thus far.
mark lowe, 32, from skelmersdale, lancashire, is currently serving a five year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death, but his wife sarah is now looking after three young children alone.	mark's wife sarah said:' [ mark ] will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother.	wayne's death has shattered our whole family.	mark (right) will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'.
tony toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing website.	his outrageous posts, which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months, are threatening to steal him the king of instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy dan bilzerian.	toutouni admits' it's not that hard to get any girl you want'.
chandni nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school, an inquest into her death was told.	miss nigam would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety.
streaming music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42.	streaming music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42.	spotify and its rivals in the streaming music world are working hard to understand the tastes of their listeners.
miriam gonzález durántez wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight.	the lawyer, wife of the deputy prime minister and mother of three boys, wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala at goldsmiths' hall celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion.
tareq kamleh featured in the latest isis propaganda video at the weekend wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward.	despite his public support for isis, dr kamleh still remains registered to practice medicine until september 30 because the medical board has refused to deregister him, the advertiser reports.
confederate ancestry is a point of pride that's celebrated in high style at the annual' festa dos confederados,' or' confederates party' in portuguese.	but sunday's party marking the 150th anniversary of the american civil war in santa barbara d'oeste, brazil on sunday.
lynn, from chippenham, had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia.	the condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly, which causes pain when she moves.
sean jefferson, 45, and elizabeth jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods at york magistrates' court.	couple covered their home in york with wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys, all of which were once placed on gravestones by grieving family.	some of the touching items were from the graves of babies, while others were from the gravestone of a grandmother.
royal baby gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley.	breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the royal baby.	but now one company has made the move of using breast milk in a new vanilla ice cream aimed at adults.
mary stacey admitted the victim had been' scarred psychologically' by the sexual assault but freed josh sweet after serving just two months on remand.	judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been' scarred psychologically' during the case at birmingham crown court, which has left her' petrified' and afraid to go out.	but joshua sweet, 20, from birmingham, was freed and given a three-year community order on account of an early plea.
ian rogers, 36, became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000.	since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection... and he's on the hunt for more to add.	ian, who is single, became interested in the supernatural as a child and now is hooked on haunted dolls.
malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory.	german intelligence had repeatedly warned of the risk to aviation security.	despite being told of risk of flying over ukraine in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash, it has been claimed.
dan fredinburg was one of three americans killed when a massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday, causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp.	the 33-year-old, who was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for google maps, was given the messages by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he left.	he was given letters by friends and family when he reached the summit.
nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the west antarctica's getz ice shelf.	the image on the left shows the landscape before the iceberg broke three and on the right the monster berg floating in the ocean.	glaciers in the amundsen sea of west antarctica are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful.	but he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles, crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling.	he also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the grade ii-listed house's timber windows with modern ones.
ed miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers.	but he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on, triggering a drop in the value of shares of construction firms.	ed miliband used a speech in stockton-on-tees today to promise there is' nothing more british than the dream of home-ownership'.
new england patriots' coach bill belichick was caught on camera ogling model chrissy teigen's derriere at the white house correspondents' dinner on saturday.	holliday still a beauty herself at 51, was smart to include the photo as evidence -- leggy chrissy looks stunning in a head-turning sheer and sparkly dress slit nearly to her hip.	teigen's husband, crooner john legend, gave her husband a tongue-in-cheek response to his feigned outrage.
woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the philadelphia international airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.	firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911.	firefighters broke through this second-floor window to enter the locked home and extract the hungry kids.
queen letizia visited barcelona's landmark sagrada familia basilica.	she shook hands and even embraced the families of some of those who died.	queen letizia was joined by her husband king felipe, who also embraced families, as they remembered those who lost their lives in the crash.
prime minister david cameron has backed the royals' choice of private care for kate's second birth.	st mary's hospital in paddington, central london, over public care offered by the nhs was yesterday backed by the prime minister.	david cameron said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options.
clay aiken, the loser in a november contest to represent the second district of north carolina in congress, uncorked some show-biz venom monday on the election's winner, rep. renee ellmers.	the show is called' the runner-up,' a reference both to ths election and to his second-place finish in the second season of american idol.	american idol runner-up and congressional election runner-up clay aiken body-slammed rep. renee ellmers on monday's howard stern show, calling her a'b**ch' and an' idiot'.
thousands of commuters left stranded at waterloo station in rush hour.	frustrated passengers packed the concourse this afternoon as services in and out of the city centre were delayed or cancelled.	south west trains warned there would be cancellations to all routes as a result of the incident.
fannie randle, who has worked at the usc sorority house for 24 years, was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape - inspiring usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell to show her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in may.
dana vulin suffered horrific third degree burns to her face and body.	she walked into ms vulin’s home on february 16, 2012, resulting in third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face, arms and torso.	lawyers for natalie dimitrovska will on tuesday, in the supreme court of western australia.
the $39.99 (£26) nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve.	it can maintain the temperature at around 71°c (160°f) for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink it all.
mary attended an anzac day ceremony in copenhagen over the weekend.	the australian-born royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in copenhagen.	the 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event, wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves.	mary's attendance at the anzac day commemorations came days after her comments in a televised interview about dealing with loneliness.
george osborne's economic record will come under fresh scrutiny with data expected to show growth slowed at the start of 2015.	experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5 per cent in the first three months of the year.
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad at the stoke of midnight on tuesday.	time has run out for the bali nine ringleaders who will face 12 marksmen, with only three of them holding loaded guns, at the stroke of midnight on tuesday night - 3am eastern standard time - in the depths of the jungle on nusakambangan island in java.	a disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on indonesian tv the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in january.
telecom watchdogs are to stop a rip-off that allows mobile phone firms to charge customers to call supposedly free 0800 numbers.	currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone.
greg hardy was suspended from 10 nfl games he appeared to get into trouble when he drove his luxury car through flash floods in dallas.	the 25-year-old was forced to abandon his bentley, leaving it stranded until the waters receded and the car could be towed away.	it took the tow truck several hours to successfully remove the car and hardy was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions.	hardy, who signed with the dallas cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games.
hiv self-testing kit is on sale for the first time in the uk.	the 99.7 per cent accurate biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.	an estimated 26,000 people have hiv but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others.
the tortoise beat the hare, but this little fellow has gone one better and beaten two cheetahs.	the baffled cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell with snarls but the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off.
angus hawley's brother has spoken of his shock after his brother, the ex-husband of antonia kidman, died of a suspected heart attack, age 46, in new york.	mr hawley was in new york attending a business conference at the time, collapsed after returning from a swim'.	he was a father to four children, lucia, 16, hamish, 14, james, 12, and sybella, eight, all of whom he shared with nicole kidman's sister antonia before their 2007 split.
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter.	the lion's share of its $13.6 billion in profit - and up 40% from a year ago.	apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter.
