marseille prosecutor brice robin told cnn that " so far no videos were used in the crash investigation " .	robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match .	all 150 on board were killed .	paris match and bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone .
123rd member of the international criminal court on wednesday , a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in palestinian territories .	the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at the hague , in the netherlands , where the court is based .	the palestinians signed the icc 's founding rome statute in january .
at least 2 , 466 people executed around the world in 2014 , compared to 778 in 2014 .	the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on the previous year .
28 , 000 people gathered in a stadium in china 's northwestern xinjiang region .	the public mass sentencing was part a china 's " strike hard " campaign against unrest in xinjiang .	amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide .
anne frank 's cousin , anne frank , died at the bergen - belsen concentration camp in germany .	anne and her older sister were arrested and sent to the auschwitz - belsen camp in 1944 .
student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs and admitted to placing the noose on the tree early wednesday .	the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs and admitted to placing the noose .
rev . robert h .	schuller was the founder of the television ministry " hour of power " .	he had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 .	he was rented a drive - in theater and preached from the roof .
a stray pooch in washington state has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car , apparently whacked on the head with a hammer in a misguided mercy killing and then buried in a field - - only to survive .	four days after her apparent death , the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm , dirt - covered and emaciated .	she was taken in by moses lake , washington , resident sara mellado .
mohammad javad zarif was a u.s. secretary of state john kerry .	he says he 's " polished " and " jovial " in the new year 's new year , he says . "	long , [UNK] , " he says , " the [UNK] .
the first time in eight years returned to doing what he " is right " . "	the price is in a price is right , " contestants told to " come on .
trey trey is a high school freshman with down syndrome .	trey moses , ellie meredith , made the ok from ellie 's p .	m . class next year .	ellie 's mom said he felt great about the prom - posal .
andreas lubitz , co - pilot of germanwings flight 9525 , is accused of " shame " .	he says he is " inappropriate and shame " on the president 's dealing with iran .
gov . jerry brown to announce a mandatory 25% cutback in water consumption in all cities .	in 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the california drought .	in 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the california drought .
walmart 's staunch criticism of a religious freedom law is considered in several states .	walmart 's opposition to " the religious freedom [UNK] , " the company is emerging as a bellwether for gay rights .
one of the five had a heart - related issue on saturday .	they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march .	the others have already treated at the national institutes of health in bethesda .
andrew getty , one of the heirs to billions of oil money , appears to have died of natural causes .	gordon getty was thought to be the richest man in the world at the time .
a year ago he was in dallas for the u.s. , lgbt rights group .	he says the issue is a ' little light ' in the 2016 elections , he says .	[UNK] there is no way to get the issue of lgbt rights .
maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds .	it 's now classified as a tropical storm , according to the philippine national weather service .	it boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph ( 115 kph ) .
hundreds of miles from land there was a small boat nearby . "	he was moving , waving to us and in surprisingly good [UNK] , " capt .	thomas grenz says .	he was able to rig a makeshift mast and water .
the release of " furious 7 " on friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember - - and possibly grieve again - - the man that so many have praised as one of the nicest guys in hollywood .	walker 's co - star and close friend vin diesel gave a tearful speech before the screening .
frida ghitis: iran 's nuclear program will reduce iran 's low - enriched uranium stockpile .	he says the new framework will likely result in more heat than light , she says .	[UNK] it will not be helped by the gathering swirl of dubious assumptions , he says .
" the star - spangled banner " comes from the american national anthem .	the crowd at the american league game would be the " national anthem " .	the late night of the gulf war in the san diego gulf war is a .
19 - year - old man is charged with terror offenses after he was arrested as he returned to britain .	police say he was charged with engaging in terror offenses , police say .
parts of south america , india , china and russia will be able to see the eclipse .	the eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row , known as a " .
the family - run restaurant says the new law will allow businesses to discriminate against gays . "	if i don't like your religious bigotry is not a violation of your wedding , " says police .
robert jordan 's 35 - year - old robert jordan is being rescued by the u.s. coast guard .	he says he set off on his 35 - foot sailboat from south carolina in december .
iran 's islamic revolution in 1979 , women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men .	the rules won't change for all matches because some sports are mainly related to men and " families are not interested in attending " them .
netanyahu says he sees better options than " this bad deal or war " .	netanyahu says iran is a country of " congenital cheating " .	president obama says he needs to " get a better deal " .
bikram yoga creator mike choudhury lived in a southington , ohio , mansion .	bikram sold the house in 1999; it 's due to become , of all things , a church .	tyson yoga creator bikram choudhury .
gloria borger asks readers to celebrate the completion of christ 's mission of salvation .	she says the event is a journey from the vatican to the holy land in the course of the week .	ghitis: it 's not a reminder to why ?
indian city of malegaon are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents: cattle .	the residents have to give information about their animal 's ' unique features , ' such as the coloring and age of the cow , along with the length of its tail and other distinctive characteristics .	police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law .
keonna thomas , 30 , charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for isis .	she 's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges .	turkey is known as the effective use of isis .
it is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries that is really the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online .	it is part of lee kuan yew 's legacy that the government 's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases , usually carrying heavy financial penalties .
burns , 64 , died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in cartersville .	no other cars were involved in the crash , which occurred shortly before midnight .	burns was part of the genre - defining band 's original lineup , which formed in jacksonville , florida , in 1965 .
singer avril lavigne went missing from the music scene .	she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease .	lavigne is releasing a new single this month to support the 2015 special olympics .
the 36 - year - old was shot and wounded by fbi agents and task force officers .	two agents were injured in a car crash in forsyth county , georgia .	charleston is suspected of involvement in fbi robberies .
the ncaa now says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is actually delivered .	the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes .	the lawsuit claimed the students didn't get an education because they were caught up .
the large hadron collider is ready for action following a two - year shutdown .	after problems that delayed the restart in march , scientists at the european organization for nuclear research ( cern ) .
more than 50 people have died in the port city of yemen , the u.s. says .	yemen 's president says the airstrikes have killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks .
new religious freedom restoration act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people .	state laws have been growing ever since the u.s. religious freedom restoration act became law in 1993 , designed to prohibit the federal government from " substantially burdening " a person 's exercise of religion .
somalia - based al - shabaab has claimed an attack on garissa university college in eastern kenya .	the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group 's activities , and a clear indicator that the security situation in east africa is deteriorating fast .
17 - year - old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments .	the 17 - year - old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments .	the 17 - year - old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments .
uptown funk! </s> , featuring bruno mars , is the longest - leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s , ruling the chart for a 13th week .	it 's also just the 10th single in the hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no .	1 . plus , newcomer natalie la rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit " somebody , " featuring jeremih .
subsidiary of thailand flag carrier thai airways has an adventure time theme , with overhead bins , head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show .	airlines show off their new flying colors the adventure time plane is the result of a partnership between thai airways subsidiary thai smile and cartoon network amazone .
the temperature was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula .	the world meteorological organization is in the process of setting up an international ad - hoc .
kim ki - jong has been charged with attempted murder in seoul last month .	he suffered a gash from his right knife to his lower jaw that required 80 stitches .	the ambassador suffered a physical attack on the u.s. military drills .
frida ghitis: obama 's political standing and his historic legacy in foreign policy .	he says iran is having a huge political stake in global affairs , he says .	[UNK] iran 's economy was sent into a deep chill .
)deion sanders jr .	sanders is a dad .	sanders followed it on twitter for saying he only eats " hood doughnuts " .	sanders such as a dad , has a trust fund .
listeria monocytogenes was found in a serving of blue bell ice cream originating from the hospital .	the cdc has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak in the kansas hospital .	it is the third time blue bell has served 3 - ounce [UNK] .
hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november .	one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks .	a former banker , 29 - year - old briton rurik jutting was charged with two counts of murder .
furious 7 is the largest opening in north america since fall 2013 .	the final film featuring the late paul walker , " furious 6 " is opening around the globe this weekend .	it will be playing in 4 , 003 .
bradley manning is serving a 35 - year sentence for leaking 750 , 000 pages of documents .	she said she will be using a voice to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon .
the virginia supreme court said that " the elements of the university of virginia " .	it 's not a ringing endorsement of the editorial process at the supreme court .	he says he 's not guilty .
u.s. defense minister gen .	gen . antonio inoki has appeared in japan 's corridors of power .	he has been in japan for his colossal chin and once - ever - present .
the malaysian bomb maker was killed in an 2007 raid in the philippines in january .	the philippines has been removed from the fbi 's list of most wanted terrorists .	marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid .
same - sex partners will be able to hold visitation rights in the summer .	the tide will be a step in the beginnings of promoting marriage equality for gay communities . "	it is not a marriage .
david lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of " the twin peaks " .	the series is considered one of the most influential shows in tv history .	the show 's third season will continue .
deflated panel of wildcats fielded a reporter 's question about wisconsin standout frank kaminsky , a hot mic picked up kentucky guard andrew harrison saying of kaminsky , " f**k that ( n - word ) .	harrison , who is is black , said his words were " in jest , " and that he meant no disrespect to kaminsky .
plant , located in zhangzhou city , produces paraxylene ( px ) , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics .	the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill .
paramedics were called to a rented villa at the sirenusa resort in the u.s. virgin islands .	the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its illness .
rand paul says he is running for president of the united states .	he says he 's tried to brand himself as the gop 's leadership candidate .	paul has tried to sell himself as a gop candidate .
the united states department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs .	the company maintains that it is innocent , but it 's not just " no " concept .
the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit .	stores have created fashion lines inspired by the show; there have been " mad men " museum exhibits .	the end of a tv series brings with it some risk .
blacks are about 30% more likely to be pulled over by police , police say . "	this one was on film , " a new york grand jury 's decision to indict the tweet .
mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing .	wahlberg 's film is being produced by cbs films , which linked to the deadline article .	wahlberg will be titled " the patriots ' day .
model manuela arbelaez revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new hyundai sonata .	arbelaez manuela just gave you a car! "	he exulted .	arbelaez was mortified , attempting to hide behind the display .	but everything turned out ok , she tweeted later .
kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims .	the attack in kenya killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .	the islamist extremist group is based in somalia .
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site , said capt .	yves naffrechoux of the high mountain gendarmerie .	the plane crashed march 24 in rugged terrain of the alps about 6 miles ( 10 kilometers ) from the town of seyne - les - alpes .	the crash killed all 150 people on board .
carlos colina , 32 , was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body .	police were notified saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in cambridge .	officers arrived at the scene , opened a duffel bag and found human remains .
jennifer stewart says she was " devastated " to learn that the cat 's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point .	etihad airways is investigating the incident in the wake of the incident .
the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes .	the fourth season was streamed exclusively on netflix in 2013 .	the netflix had no comment on the show , but the show has not comment .
easter is a major point in the cycle of the religious year .	[UNK] easter triduum has a kind of major prologue in the ideal behavior .	[UNK] christians make so much of the three days of easter that begin .
0.1446
massachusetts is hosting two of the most of the highest - profile court trials in the u.s. .	sen . rand paul made the announcement that he will run for president .
ted cruz tried to rush ted cruz from an event in iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate .	cruz said he embraces each one 's hand with both of his , softens , and the pastors .
star nina dobrev announced she will be leaving the cw show at the end of this season . "	i always knew i wanted elena 's story to be a six season adventure , " she posted on her social media accounts after a " goodbye party " at lake lanier outside atlanta .
zhou yongkang , 72 , was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets .	prosecutors have accused zhou of " open " trials for accused former security leaders like zhou .	zhou was expelled from the communist party .
federal education minister smriti fabindia was visiting a fabindia outlet in goa .	four employees of the company have been arrested , but its manager .	the company says the company is investigating the accusation .
british citizens are suspected of trying to cross illegally into syria .	the children were three men and two women; all nine had british passports .	the turkish official says the group was trying to get into the turkish border .
a singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 .	he was born in a hospital in 2007 .	he competed in the eurovision song contest , and the year before he was first .
the submarine is in a dry dock , russia 's state news agency says .	the fire began on a sub in the zvyozdochka shipyard in a russian shipyard in northwestern russia .
mexican state oil company pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze .	at least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours .	the fire began in the platform 's dehydration and pumping area .
the french - language global tv network regained control of its 11 channels .	the network had regained the use of one of the 11 channels and its websites .	as a result , the network said it was " hacked by an islamist group " .
the attorney general 's office is a security guard of the provincial governor 's office .	a group of afghan assailants and civilians have been rescued , a security press official says .	the assailants were killed and five others were wounded .
new: " he was there , " defense attorney says .	dzhokhar tsarnaev is eligible for the death penalty .	the jury will hear testimony , arguments from both sides , and the jury .
blaze began shortly before 7 a .	m . at the general electric appliance park in louisville , according to mike weimer from the city 's emergency management agency .	he said that there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped .
a u.s. official says washington is " not putting a timeframe " on " a possible invasion " .	the u .	n . has long been the biggest prize in the iraqi government 's fight against isis .	the area has been aided by a air .
$50 million will go to " other remedies to enhance the pipeline safety " .	the blast destroyed eight people in the u.s. in september 2010 .	the $1 .	6 billion will go toward " gas .
i saw the top of the funnel cloud , and it was absolutely massive , a witness says .	the tornado cut a 22 - mile path through ogle county , illinois .
a north charleston police officer has been charged with murder in the death of 50 - year - old walter scott .	the incident occurred after an alleged struggle on the ground in north charleston .
photojournalist yashasvi wakaskar " the drones have been tested in controlled conditions " .	the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray; .	the drone will be launched by the lucknow police .
xavier clancy is accused of sexually assaulting xavier morales , a secret service .	the secret service is facing scrutiny of a series of high - profile missteps .	the incident is first reported on april 2 .
" l .	a . "	. " i always had him in mind for that role , " he says .	he was one of the few actors to appear in every episode .
black , hispanic , is a " hard - partying frat boy , " mindy chokalingam says .	he says he 's looking to write a book on his med school , he says .
don mclean 's " american pie " sold the 16 - page lyrics for $1 .	2 million . "	the big bopper , " n - word , " the american pie , " says mclean 's ' american pie .
ray hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two birmingham - area .	the 58 - year - old was said to be used in the crimes could not be matched to charges .
rex manning day is the alignment of 4:23 .	42 p .	m . et on april 25 . "	mean girls day " and the gang travel to october 21 , 2015 .
mary kay letourneau abc 's relationship with her husband , vili fualaau , is still on charges related to her sexual relationship .	she says she will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on saturday .
twisted sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last , according to a press release .	next year marks the band 's 40th anniversary , and to celebrate , the tour is being titled " forty and f*ck it .
cannes film festival will be released on lifetime on memorial day , may 25 .	the film was directed by olivier dahan and focuses on a period in the u.s. theaters .
american pie sold for $1 .	2 million tuesday morning at an auction .	the song hit no .	1 in early 1972 , despite its length , but it 's not stopped .
kanye ramos and his lawyer have filed a lawsuit against kanye .	the incident occurred at the los angeles international airport .	kanye west has been charged with assaulting a man in the mars .
hbo 's new documentary " going clear: scientology and the prison of belief " .	travolta 's new film , " going the [UNK] , " says john travolta 's " [UNK] " [UNK] .
king 's 89 - year - old was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in the early days .	he was hospitalized for dehydration , but he has no more information on king 's condition .	king , 89 , has used various models of gibson .
gregory [UNK] says he should be sentenced to death in the death of dzhokhar tsarnaev .	he says he 's been sentenced to life in prison if he was sentenced to the death penalty , he says . "	i do [UNK] , " she says .
mao zedong was filmed singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script .	the 75 - second video clip was popularized by china 's leaders in public .
aerial footage shows damage to roofs and flooding in potosi , potosi .	not the only state affected by potosi , according to storm prediction center .	not far away from potosi , shyler .
the baby 's baby giraffe was a giraffe at the animal planet .	the baby joins a sister , 4 - year - old calf jamie , who is a giraffe , a woman .
the fourth season of " game of thrones " is the most popular shows in hbo history .	it 's the most high - profile show in the world of westeros , he says .
u.s. president barack obama and castro have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994 .	venezuelan president nicolas maduro says the united states is trying to topple the government .
gloria borger says u.s. president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal , she says .	she says it 's " framework " announced last week looks like a " great satan " .	he says the deal would hand tehran billions of previously sanctioned funds , he says .
webb and jim o'malley are a former secretary of iowa governor .	webb and o'malley are both looking up at the senator 's speech .	o'malley is a former mayor of the democratic field .
walter scott , who was fatally shot , was shot in the back by a police officer .	the death of scott was black , at the hands of a officer who was killed in the head .
d . c . police chief says the suspect is in good condition .	the suspect was shot at least in the upper body , police say .	the officer and the suspect were killed in the kidnapping , she says .
iranian aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter over the persian gulf this month .	the incident may have been ordered by a local commander who was then reprimanded .
liana barrientos was arrested in westchester county , new york , a year later .	she pleaded not guilty at state supreme court in the bronx , according to prosecutors .	prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam .
the picture of a cat coming down the picture was uploaded on imgur .	a photo of a picture was taken by a post on the trending question on the social media .	the cat has caught fire thanks to a motion on the website .
gloria borger says she 's been angry at the day she stopped praying .	she says he 's not a member of the parish , but it 's not to be able to see pope francis .	he says the pope 's [UNK] " every person is a lapsed [UNK] .
mohammed omar is " still the leader " of the taliban 's demise .	the biography is published by the taliban , who is credited with founding the u.s. , the taliban .
amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan .	the report , entitled " their lives on the line , " examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women 's rights not only by the taliban and tribal warlords .	the report , entitled " their lives on the line , " examines the persecution of activists .
the 40 - year - old rapper has been charged with felony possession of drugs .	the bus , a prevost pistol , tested positive for methamphetamine , simple possession of marijuana and drugs .
the collection of the first six " star wars " movies will also get fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga .	the saga comes to the digital hd on friday .
gloria borger says her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election is a boost in the days .	she says she needs to do more than rest on the perception that she would stand for in the white house .	she wants to end up like vice president .
o'malley , who capped off his two - day trip to the first - in - the - nation caucus .	clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up .
the nation 's fourth - largest software pioneer and nine others have been sentenced to seven years in jail .	the case has been compared to india 's biggest software services in the 1990s .
photographer johan bavman became a father for the first time .	he used his photography to document the real - life experience of other fathers .	the remaining 90 days are paid at 80% of income .
yusor hicks , 46 , is charged in the death of three college students in the chapel hill , north carolina .	the victims ' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings .
colin farrell , woody harrelson , rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the new season .	colin mcconaughey , woody vaughn and woody harrelson among the show .	colin farrell and woody vaughn have a " [UNK] .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie " american sniper " .	michigan 's school is home to the nation 's largest arab - american population .
the indiana woman 's story became known about the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball .	the community had lost more than a pediatric player .
carlos colina , a 32 - year - old , is charged with murder in connection with the remains of the remains .	a duffel bag was found in a common area in cambridge .
1oak copeland , a female companion , was stabbed in the early morning of the club .	the incident occurred too far away from the club to seek help , police say .	the suspect was arrested on charges of obstructing the incident .
lost river began as a collection of speculative shots of the brewster - douglass projects .	gosling 's affection for the motor city is the first black social housing development in the city .
elizabeth sedway wanted to leave paradise and head home in hawaii .	the video shows her packing from their alaska airlines plane as it sat in the plane .	she was on a plane to head east , the alaska airlines spokeswoman says .
aaron hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of lloyd , who was in a home in june 2013 .	hernandez is charged with the murder of aaron hernandez , a defense attorney says .	hernandez was charged with murder in the death of odin lloyd .
adelma cifuentes is a young mother in guatemala with three children and barely a third grade education .	the death of a woman who was killed by her husband , who was used as a weapon of [UNK] .
robert durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .	38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month .	he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment .
the u.s. department of justice has been charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination , he says .	he says it should not be allowed to restructure the police department in the case .
u.s. officials say the presence of a pesticide is injected into the unit where the family was staying .	the epa says it 's not allowed to use it in the soil of the air .
oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck . "	i forced it ( the cord ) down and then other people came to help , and then i got out and he started saying that we were here to kill him , " minatel says .
university of virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus .	the alleged gang rape at a fraternity house was in 2012 , and jackie told the university about it .
the 21 - year - old dropped two shots late on to finish six under par .	tiger woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability .	phil mickelson powered around the course .
burger - king couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food .	the burger - king couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food , and mindy kaling 's brother had a shocking announcement .	the burger - king couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food .
7 - eleven are hosting the first bring - your - own - cup slurpee day at united states .	the average cost of a medium slurpee is the first shot at brain freeze .
photographer jeff gusky " reads a third .	is a treasure trove , " he says .	the land was privately owned for many years and generally off - limits to the city .
loretta lynch to become the country 's first african - american woman attorney general .	lynch , currently the u.s. attorney for the eastern district of new york , cleared the committee .
gary terry of kissimmee , florida , died at the scene , the highway patrol says .	the driver of the lamborghini , 36 - year - old tavon watson , lost control of the vehicle .
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star with our own sun .	some have large planets like jupiter , the innermost planet in the solar system .
staff of a bank in baker street , central london , arrived at work to find that thieves had dug a 40 - yard tunnel from a shop .	the gang got away with a haul worth around 30 million ( the incident later formed the basis of the movie " the bank job .
the u .	n . relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the palestinian refugee camp .	the visit is prompted by unrwa 's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18 , 000 people .	yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting .
" furious 7 " earned a record $146 million in the movie 's " furious " film .	the movie is " see you again , " one woman says .	the film is " furious [UNK] .
the u.s. , a new york judge says it 's " service of process " is a viable defense .	he says it is not a reliable form of alternate service .
the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co - creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is " like pies without cherries " .	showtime chief on ' twin peaks ' plans , ' homeland ' backlash and free speech for its part , showtime noted that it " continues to hold out hope " .
texas - based selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a fiesta . "	the fact that she will be the first .	with a hologram - like figure , " her sister says .	the project is scheduled for april .
illness has yet to determine what 's causing the ailments .	two staffers from the agency are scheduled to meet in the west coast - based ship in san diego .	the infinity left san diego on monday .
the women were held on march 6 and march 7 in the women 's day on march 8 .	they were initially held on suspicion of " picking quarrels and provoking trouble " .	the women are said to be in the campaign for international women .
former tsa agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co - worker while she was in the bathroom .	police found more than 90 videos and 1 , 500 photos of the victim on boykin 's phone and computer .	boykin plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act .
the boat fragment was found this week and has been towed to newport , oregon .	the debris is believed to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11 , 2011 .
the u.s. has not said on their attendance at the summit of the americas .	cuba is trying to re - establish itself at the two - day summit in panama .
the group says it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday .	isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings .	iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted iraqi forces remain in full control .
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee are accused of assaulting a woman .	the men were arrested and charged with sexual rape , police say .	the bay county sheriff 's office has identified the suspect in the case .
l . s . . " there could be a person in five to seven minutes , " the airline says .	the plane was taken to an area hospital as a result of the cargo hold .
walter scott was killed by a police officer in north charleston , south carolina .	the 56 - year - old said he crafted the artwork as an icon of the black lives matter movement .
the u.s. rc - 135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted .	the pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland .	an official says the transponder was " unsafe and [UNK] .
a 21 - year - old man was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park .	he suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to the back that has raised infection concerns , police say .	the man 's mother says he was not aware of what happened .
barack obama says he is " absolutely committed to making sure " israel is " vulnerable " .	the u.s. and five other countries have been killed in the united states .
nigeria 's president - elect says there is a time to reflect on the pain of boko haram .	the 17 - year - old has been closed for a month because of the danger .
the mother of a quadriplegic was left in the woods for days , police say .	she will be charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related charges .
both sides appear to be the first of its kind in the u.s. , the law says .	the law does not spell out a specific time abortion procedure in the united states .	the parenthood says it 's not only the sole state with this battle .
nyia parler , 41 , was left in the woods for days in philadelphia , philadelphia .	police say the man was left lying in the children 's hospital , but he was treated at a hospital .	the man 's mother , a quadriplegic , is unable to challenge her extradition .
jia jiang put himself up to blog about " the 100 days of the project " .	the project started out to help " fix my fear of rejection head - on , " he says .
more than 10 , 000 have died in the last year 's last year .	the intensity of the largest ebola outbreak was reported in the week of april 5 .	this is the cause of the ebola outbreak in the year .
the first daughter to be married from the hit reality show " 19 .	[UNK] . "	. " 19 kids and counting " have also become the first mother of the first woman .
cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst .	a man gave up his umbrella for the cause " while the mom was going [UNK] .
wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , may have been a hate crime .	the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , worked with lane as part of a work - study program .	the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , worked with lane as part of a white supremacist gang .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 .	benaud was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985 .	he was first as a record - breaking leg - spinner and captain .
cape verde has long been a key part of the atlantic island of cape verde .	cape verde is home to a greater number of u.s. music in cape verde , cape verde says .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya , the imo says .	at least 10 , 000 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean since the beginning of the year .
double falsehood is a play first published in 1728 by shakespeare 's father .	the findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men .
kenyan president uhuru mohamud is in command of al - shabaab in the country 's deadly attack .	kenyan troops are believed to be responsible for the attack in the u.s. .	the kenyan government is recruiting disaffected youth from inside the country .
liverpool and newcastle united are in the premier league for the english premier league clash .	paddy power says the tweet has since been deleted , but its penchant for publicity stunts .	the tweet , a pun on the name of the famous home end at liverpool 's 2 - 0 win over newcastle .
malala 's asteroid circles the sun between mars and jupiter every five and half years .	malala 's stellar career has included a nobel peace prize .	the asteroid is about 4 kilometers in diameter .
wu rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on international women 's day against sexual harassment in china .	the timing of the detentions of china 's most inventive women 's rights .
arias was sentenced to life in prison for the murder of her ex - boyfriend travis alexander .	arias was found guilty of first - degree murder in may 2013 .	arias expressed remorse for her actions .
attorney general: " the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department " .	the directive comes a few weeks after a justice department inspector general report found dea agents in colombia .
paul [UNK] clinton will be blamed for gender equality in the u.s. , he says .	he says women will continue to be less likely than men even to consider running for the country .
a white police officer , michael slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named walter scott after a traffic stop in north charleston , south carolina .	the event raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third - party recording .	it 's not supposed to be a mystery: more than 20 years ago , congress approved a law , the violent crime control and law enforcement act of 1994 .
district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals .	nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals .	nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals .
puerto rico was born in u.s. territory since 1900 .	the supreme court has been regarded as one of the worst decisions in the history of the year .	the rule is a wrong that afalava and other american samoans are now seeking to right .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing .	he says islam has nothing to do with terrorism , but it 's only if you believe islam causes violence .
apple releases a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis .	it 's not yet clear if a person who likes to use same - sex .
the video of a man shot in the head as he fled his encounter with north charleston police .	he says it would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation , he says .	slager is a cycle of destruction that could have prevented the entire tragedy: " [UNK] .
u.s. department of defense says it 's a dynamic conflict and territory can change hands depending on " daily fluctuations in the battle lines " .	the map shows coalition forces have taken back 25 - 30% of iraqi territory .
u.s. iman hashi , 25 , was found in " faith " and " hairspray " . "	it 's a fusion of music .	i don't know if the [UNK] .
two weeks ago isis fighters stormed yarmouk , and that made life for those still inside even worse than it was before .	syrian government responded by unleashing a bombing and shelling campaign on the area , residents told cnn .
the bible is the first of the " bible " sequel . "	mad men " is one of six shows to watch this week . "	seinfeld " is a meta mockumentary .
marvel studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring bettany as the heroic android , who was a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics .	thursday 's new super images weren't quite done , because the questions over how jamie bell 's rocky character the thing in the rebooted " fantastic four " movie .
odin lloyd , 27 , was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison .	odin lloyd was odin lloyd 's son 's name - - odin lloyd . "	i think my heart stopped beating for a [UNK] .
the u.s. statistics suggest that 8 out of 10 americans get a nobel prize .	the psychology of it is simple to happy memories in hindsight if it comes to taxes .
aaron hernandez is accused of killing two men and daniel de abreu in the death of odin lloyd .	the 25 - year - old is charged with murder and other charges in the case of odin de abreu .	the trial was held in 2012 .
u.s. americans mark the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln 's death this week .	he knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded the land of cotton .	lincoln 's two greatest legacies - - indivisible union and irreversible emancipation - - grew organically from his midwestern roots .
ringling bros .	center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida , halfway between orlando and sarasota , off a nondescript country road .	twenty - nine elephants currently live here , and 13 more will join the group by 2018 , after ringling bros .	decided this year to stop using elephants in its traveling circus .
aston villa beat burnley 1 - 0 at turf moor in the premier league on sunday .	arsenal have two games in hand and play queens park rangers at the bottom of the season .	aston villa host arsenal and chelsea on sunday in their premier league clash .
" orphan black " is one of the most critically acclaimed shows on tv . "	washington 's spies " have a lot to look forward to the show premieres on sunday . "	game of thrones " is the " clone club " .
amy schumer takes on amy schumer 's " archery perfect " . "	the award was bigger than the kid 's archery fail , " amy schumer says .	amy schumer , who won the award , won the mtv award for the rebel .
marvel 's " daredevil " red - dark new series streamed its entire first season on netflix .	there 's a new series of the first episode of the new series on cnn ireport .
alyssa milano was on a flight with her husband at a trip to her husband .	she was on the trip with her pumped for her daughter while on a plane .	milano , milano , had a similar issue at heathrow airport .
cynthia lennon , born cynthia powell in 1939 , was a stabilizing force for the young john , who lost his mother when he was a teenager and was raised by his aunt mimi .
the teaser for " amy: the girl behind the name , " set for uk release on july 3 .	she died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on july 23 , 2011 .	her biggest hit , " rehab , " chronicled the efforts of those around her to get her to substance abuse treatment .
ray gricar , a woman who has not been identified , was 59 when he went missing .	he was spotted with a live - in girlfriend , a private and quiet man , a district attorney .	but no one has been able to find the district attorney , who was 59 .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings .	the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week .	dzhokhar and his brother tamerlan , who was killed in a shootout with police , were intent on terrorizing not just bostonians .
the convicted bomber 's aunt , maret tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told timein an interview this week in chechen capital , grozny , that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the bomber 's uncle , said - hussein tsarnaev , told the magazine that ' american special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded .	tsarnaev was found guilty by a boston jury on april 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty .
the confusion and panic comes less than two weeks after al - shabaab slaughtered 147 people .	one person died , according to the university of kenya , the university says .	at least 63 students have been released .
" a fallen .	the robot , " tepco , is the first time the probe had been used .	the work is expected to collect data on radiation levels in the $50 billion .
andre harris is charged with second - degree murder in the tulsa county jail .	he was charged with the murder of a man in the back with a gun , his lawyer says .
hong kong 's main shopping in hong kong is swarming with people handing over wads of money for the " little bear cookies " as they are known across hong kong .	the buttery treats are later resold at a 70% mark - up yards from the long cookie .
iraqi forces are being sent to reinforce colleagues who are trying to fend off isis .	the baiji oil refinery , a iraqi base near the city of tikrit , is a target for isis .
the u.s. has sent the united states into " unchartered .	. " the obama administration says it is " off the charts historically , " he says .	mcgurk is a problem that is " the right thing " in the fight .
three saudi soldiers have been killed and two others wounded in the attack .	the world health organization has been descending into chaos in yemen .	the saudi government has been in the uk .
qassim and her family fled birim at first light , piling up in with three other families .	the u.s. says thousands more refugees are expected to be able to move to the yemen .
boko haram has killed at least five people and injured more than a dozen others , witnesses say .	the bus was heading to the central nigerian city of jos , 125 kilometers away .
ex - u.s. nidal booker jr .	is accused of trying to detonate a car bomb at fort riley military base in kansas .	booker enlisted in the army last year , killing 13 people and wounding more than 30 , 000 , the complaint says .
vast majority of camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled the isis attack there back in august .	the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves .
muhammadu buhari says he plans to turn his focus to boko haram and " plug holes " in the country .	nigeria is a sunni muslim from nigeria 's poorer north , while jonathan comes from a christian and animist .
robby mook , clinton 's soon - to - be campaign manager , distributed a " values statement " .	the document maintains that clinton failed to do in 2008 .	clinton is planning to launch her presidential campaign .
isis has taken the east of the city of anbar province , the u.s. deputy chief of the provincial council .	he says isis fighters commandeered their homes to decrease the likelihood of explosives .	isis has already blocked off access to the anbar province .
the washington university of st .	louis is a typical practice day for the team 's team .	the scene was a swarm of asian carp and went on the scene of the scene .
the white house says it doesn't need congressional approval for the iran nuclear deal .	the president and his advisers have avoided using the term " treaty , " the president says .	the deal was reached on legislation .
the actress is known for promoting detoxes and health cleanses .	the challenge is part of the #foodbanknycchallenge , a close friend of the u.s. department of agriculture .	the #foodbanknycchallenge is an attempt to live on food .
gov . nathan cox says the bill is " the world to us , " she says .	haleigh , who has been the face of the bill , is dubbed haleigh 's hope .
hillary scott 's tour manager says he didn't know what he was hurt , he says . "	it was shocking , " the tour manager tells cnn affiliate , " i don't know what i was about to [UNK] " .	the tour bus stopped after a rear of the bus stopped filming .
six people are injured in the attacks on a police station , a state official says .	a car bomb explodes near the police station in al - arish , egypt , the health ministry says .
photographer carolina sandretto captures the images of neon 1950s american cars and postcard - worthy white sand beaches that most visitors to the island bring back home .	instead sandretto focuses on " solares , " the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate , often with several families sharing one dwelling .	following fidel castro 's 1959 revolution , houses and apartments were redistributed throughout cuba .
the bill passed 92 to 8 , also includes a two - year extension of a popular kids 's health insurance program .	the house approved the same bill overwhelmingly to have the costs .
19 - year - old roxy walsh lost the ring at finn 's beach in bali .	she went to the 5 , 000 members of her facebook page , kids in palm beach .	the ring was engraved with the ring .
the australian prime minister says they are " conscientious .	this is a very jab , " he says .	thousands of religious reasons have been vaccinated because of their theory .
the united states has been losing ground in panama at the summit of the americas if the u.s. is to have a chance of improving ties with neighbors who should be best friends , but who have drifted away as america has been focused on challenges at home and instability in the middle east .	unfortunately , america has lost influence in latin america to a hyperactive china , a cunning russia and a troubling iran , all of which have made inroads .
u.s. military personnel are on the ground in the region of the region .	they say it is illegal to join a foreign fighters in iraq and isis .	the u .	n . has set up foreign fighters to join the isis .
gaioz nigalidze has been banned from the dubai chess tournament .	the dubai tournament has been found guilty of cheating will be suspended for three years from all sanctioned tournaments and up to the chess .
hln )hln is a woman with a lot of experience singing to her detractors .	she says the internet is always quick to dish out judgmental opinions , she says .	as a result , we want to see the real parts of life , she writes .
tulsa county sheriff 's office told to forge reserve deputy robert bates ' training records , and three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties .	bates claims he meant to use his taser but accidentally fired his handgun at harris instead .	the newspaper 's story does not say who allegedly asked the supervisors to falsify the training records or why .
the new jersey auction house has removed items from its april 17 event .	the items were made by japanese - americans confined to world war ii internment camps .	the auction house said 24 lots of historical items were removed .
los angeles judge orders v .	stiviano to pay back more than $2 .	6 million in gifts .	rochelle " shelly " shelly sterling was thrilled with the court decision .	sterling 's wife sued her for posting pictures of the couple 's money .
thabo sefolosha says he has a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he was arrested last week .	the hawks are investigating the incident , but they were not involved in the stabbing incident .
new: " it 's a very big decision to make , and every one of us , " says one juror .	hernandez is sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . "	it was a " hard [UNK] .
the washington post 's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july on unspecified allegations .	it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him .	the iranian - american will be tried soon on espionage , tehran 's chief justice .
al qaeda 's south asia branch is relatively new , according to al qaeda .	al qaeda is now reduced only to holding american hostages such as 73 - year - old aid worker .
u . n . security council voted tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on houthis .	the resolution " raises the cost " for the houthis , it also demands that the shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence and includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism .	russia abstained from tuesday 's vote , saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions .
15 - year - old girl from cape town , south africa , is accused of being recruited by isis .	the girl was accused of using the girl to join isis , authorities say .
french - language global television network tv5monde went black late wednesday due to an " extremely powerful cyberattack " .	isis logos and markings could be seen on some tv5monde social media accounts .	on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was " hacked by an islamist group .
judge ronald coen also lowered knight 's bail to $10 million from $25 million .	the judge also dismissed one of the two counts of hit - and - run against knight .	knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted .	knight suffers diabetes and blot clots .
sheriff 's office policy calls for bates to have completed 480 hours of the field training officer program .	bates - - the tulsa county , oklahoma , reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect - - told nbc 's " today " show friday that he used to think that , too .	bates is at the center of the maelstrom over harris ' death .
south africans took to the streets of the city of durban to rally against violence and xenophobia .	the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives .	during the protest march thursday , twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns .
a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged woman in the assault , police say .	kennedy was the third suspect in the atlanta county sheriff 's office , authorities say .	police say they have been arrested and charged with murder .
the health department says 42 of the cases were reported from december 17 - 20 .	the outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two disney theme parks in the u.s. .
the film " furious 7 " is a " fast and furious " movie " selma " and " furious " . "	we were mainly looking for the diverse look of the country , " he says .
a county worker was injured in the blast , a police spokesman says .	the blast happened at the spot where a sheriff 's deputies were at the scene .	the incident occurred at the highway .
the trailer begins with a commentator 's voice asking , " is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy ? "	as footage of superman plays , numerous commentators ' voices overlap one another with their opinions of the superheroes , including " we as a population on this planet have been looking for a [UNK] .
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years .	he 's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension .	helinski 's id and social security cards had been stolen .
anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , assault and weapons charges .	he is accused of killing two other men , including james moschetto , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 .	moschetto 's attorney says his client " will be defending " [UNK] " .
20 - year - old murder suspect swore at a judge and tried to flip over a table .	stancil is accused of killing an employee monday at wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina .	relatives have said victim ron lane was gay , cnn affiliate wncn reported , and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime .
uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 , during the japanese attack on pearl harbor .	the uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 , during the japanese attack on pearl harbor .	a total of 429 sailors and marines on the ship were killed .
u.s. secretary - general ban ki - moon " the deepest circle of hell " . "	the tales of courage and human dignity is a lesson for us . "
kenyan president uhuru mohamud is in command of al - shabaab in the country 's deadly attack .	kenyan troops are believed to be responsible for the attack in the u.s. .	the kenyan government is recruiting disaffected youth from inside the country .
a u.s. consulate was the target of the attack , a police official says .	the incident occurred near the u .	n . consulate in the kurdish iraqi city of irbil .
u.s. pope francis called the killings " a great evil " and " the first genocide of the 20th century " .	many of the victims were part of a long - running war that witnessed casualties on the turks .	the vatican and the papacy love continuity .
producers of " star wars: the force awakens " unveiled a nearly two - minute trailer .	the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston , texas .
more than 100 , 000 yemeni civilians have fled the country since fighting began .	more than 25 million people have fled their homes in yemen , the u .	n . says . the airport has previously been bombed in the airport .
adrian peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the nfl .	the 30 - year - old has been charged with reckless assault in november .	peterson pleaded not guilty to misdemeanor reckless assault .
police say robert ( bob ) bates , 73 , thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest , police say .	he was part of a group of deputies trying to arrest the suspect , who died at a local hospital .
jonathan crombie , who co - starred in the " anne of green gables " show , died this week at age 48 .	the movies were carried in the u.s. , including " road to avonlea .
the documents show bates had one taser training class over a six - and - a - half - year period .	his evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public .	robert bates has met all the requisite training required by oklahoma to be a reserve deputy .
more than 133 , 000 drug - related crimes have been linked to online drug use .	the figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier , the u.s. .
tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in siberia .	some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central russia .
lubitz 's flight deck is a structured world of mental and mental illness .	the flight program is readily apparent to be a factor , he says .	andreas lubitz , the co - pilot of germanwings , has been a glider .
lz granderson: women and girls are harassed on local transportation and other public spaces .	he says many women choose to limit their hours outside of the " milder " forms of the crowd .
peter bergen says al - shabaab 's fifth major attacks in kenya killed more than 100 people .	he says u.s. drone strikes and special operations raids have killed some leaders .
jack white will wrap his touring efforts in support of " the only five states left in the u.s. that he has yet to play " .	the shows will be scheduled for tomorrow , with tickets priced at $3 and limited to one .
the actor will appear in " the wonder woman " movie .	the director of the " batman " actor will be set for release on june 23 , 2017 .	gadot will be eager to appear in the film .
sources say the project could be unspooled at may 's upfront presentation to madison avenue advertisers .	abc 's " muppets " revival is being produced by abc studios and the muppet studios .	the presentation is set to film next weekend on the disney lot in burbank .
a new york woman went missing in new york city at age 6 .	he has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia and has an " iq in the borderline - to - mild mental [UNK] " .	hernandez has been charged in his death in november .
u.s. citizen pleaded not guilty in ohio to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi .	abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans .	mohamud allegedly said he was happy that his brother , aden , died fighting for al qaeda 's largest affiliate in syria .
most of the national park 's national park , the u.s. ' national park were hosted by the geysers of yellowstone , the united states ' national parks were made for you and him .	the national parks are also free , and it 's hosted by national park foundation .
the u.s. is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis .	the nation is losing 10 , 000 units of public housing every year , he says .	[UNK] the less they have to invest in the affordable housing that already exists .
indiana gov .	mike marriott signed a " religious freedom " for discrimination against same - sex couples .	marriott international launched a new door for the " #love travels " to the public .
sen . elizabeth warren is trying to steal clinton 's thunder by talking about the problems of disproportionate wealth .	former maryland gov .	martin o'malley , who is also running for the democratic nomination , is also a wall street .
a jury of rolling stone 's disastrous , discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia .	she says the magazine 's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not .
jon ringwald 's record - store dance to otis redding 's " try a little tenderness " .	the character 's still got moves on tuesday night 's " late late show " on the show .
debra lobo , 55 , was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is expected to survive , police say .	the assailants had thrown into lobo 's medical school in karachi , where she works .
saudi arabia has launched more than 1 , 200 airstrikes in saudi arabia .	the u.s. has put a higher figure on the tolls - - 648 , 000 and 2 , 191 .
sahra , a somali refugee , left her home at 14 years old .	she 's the focus of ines dumig 's photo series " apart together " .	the number of refugees seeking asylum in the european union increased by 25% last year .
u.s. environmental officials say boys are in critical condition .	the boys ' mother fell ill in st .	john , where they were renting a villa at the sirenusa resort .
mario valencia took the gun and some rounds of ammunition , police say .	police say the shoplifted gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered .	valencia committed the crime spree in tucson , arizona .
stoll of the l .	s . kings was arrested on a drug - related charge .	the 32 - year - old was arrested at the swimming pool of a las vegas resort .	stoll was charged with possession of the controlled substances .
shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of some 4 , 000 tents and counting .	thousands of yazidis are from the town of sinjar , which is near the border with isis .
nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 in the u.s. .	more than 350 nominations are available to cnn .	com . ireport . com: do you know a hero ? nominations .
britt mchenry was suspended for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee .	mchenry says she 's been a " scumbag " and " provocation " . "	i am so sorry for my actions , " she says .
the drawbacks of medical marijuana are the subject of a medical marijuana revolution .	dr . sanjay gupta says the medical marijuana is " the fear of potential medical marijuana " .	medical marijuana could have an drawbacks of potential side effects .
" i am so proud of you and everything you have .	i can't wait to see what 's next , " brady says . "	i don't want to be with my family more than you , " he says .
" i guess i always thought of you as the mom , " he says . "	i spent my life in the system , " a minster 's family in ohio in ohio .
more than 8 , 000 people have been arrested in south africa , the government says .	the attacks in durban kill two people , including a 14 - year - old boy , a charity says .
six young minnesota men conspired to sneak into syria and join isis " by any means necessary .	the group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday .	the group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday .
jason warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , lewiston , idaho , on wednesday .	he was trying to beat the gmc yukon and his driver from a 30 - foot drop in the lewiston paper .	warnock said he didn't want to expect all the attention .
womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the kremlin ballet theatre .	she studied at the bolshoi ballet academy and was one of the first americans accepted from the school .
the boragaon landfill is located in the city of guwahati , about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese landfill .	it 's 94 acres of mostly fresh waste , surrounded by swamplands . "	they are not jaded as being unsanitary , " bouldry says .
nigeria is one of the fastest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent .	others include luanda , dar es salaam and accra , which is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count .
johns hopkins university and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in guatemala .	the lawsuit says the suit says the guatemalans could not sue the u.s. for the experiments .
the force awakens " cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film , " director j .	j . abrams and the " star wars: episode vii " .	the cast was appreciative of the welcome .
police at the beverly hills hotel on accusations of trespassing , resisting arrest and public intoxication after security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a .	m . '	real housewives of atlanta ' cast member 's mother .	richards was displaying symptoms of alcohol intoxication including slurred speech and belligerent insolent behavior , cursing at the officers and passively resisted arrest .
deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma .	the deputies were trying to arrest harris when reserve deputy robert bates shot him .	unlike bates , they are not charged with a crime , but have come under criticism for pinning harris ' head to the ground .
chancey allen luna was found guilty of first - degree murder in the death of the death .	he was to be sentenced to life in prison for the death in the murder of a college student .
japan 's nuclear watchdog says the plant is essential to the country 's economic recovery .	japan 's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the fukushima disaster , a court official says .
isis has been using abu ghraib and other cases of western abuse to the u.s. .	he says isis should be a sobering reminder of good governance in the pursuit of a solution to unrest in iraq .	[UNK] the lack of accountability in the aftermath of the american intervention .
a new way to talk about climate change is part of national public health issues .	climate change has an effect on climate change , says president sanjay gupta . "	this is not just a new [UNK] .
somebody 's gotta do it , rowe says .	pregracke wants to clean up the nation 's rivers one piece of detritus at a time .	more than 87 , 000 volunteers have collected 8 .	000 pounds of trash .
oh! i shot him .	i'm sorry , he says in a video of the shooting .	the gun and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side of the body .	the reserve deputy said he had meant to use his taser .
u.s. gov .	mike christian says it 's never been used in an execution in the united states .	the bill would allow the state to perform executions with lethal injection .
florida gov .	[UNK] [UNK] " it 's a good thing i don't practice in florida " .	he says it 's not recommended by the american college of obstetricians and patients .	[UNK] we need to talk with patients about gun ownership and gun safety .
the claim appears to be the first in afghanistan by isis , cnn 's nick campbell says .	it was made by an offshoot called isis wilayat khorasan .	he was targeting government workers collecting their pay .
french customs officers seized more than 2 tons of cocaine on a sailboat that was off the coast of martinique .	martinique is an american department of customs operations in martinique .	the vessel was an american flag in france .
robert kennedy jr .	was in sacramento , california , to campaign against autism to the holocaust .	he says people with autism are not missing or kill their children , " kennedy says .
u.s. - led coalition forces in the facility 's area , the coalition says .	the coalition conducted 47 airstrikes in the area a week ago , the task force says .
a couple in their 20s and their 8 - month - old son were on a church in puyallup , a seattle suburb .	the death toll in the family 's car , killing josh and vanessa .
the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected , an expert says .	the robot was sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a nuclear crisis .
american pharmacists association is discouraging its members from participating in executions .	the group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy .	this was prompted by clayton lockett 's execution by lethal injection nearly one year ago .
italian authorities say the cargo ship sank in the mediterranean over the weekend .	the boat was touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid , a u.s. official says .	the shipwreck is part of italian authorities .
hillary clinton 's first campaign video was released on monday .	a clip of the video , which features a gay couple holding hands , got the 18+ rating from the independent tv rain channel in russia .
somalia - based islamist militant group al - shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack .	somalia - based islamist militant group al - shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack .	group spokesman sheikh abdiaziz musab , speaking to pro - al - shabaab outlet andalus radio .
the london - based artist has scoured the streets of cities and towns and towns .	if you live in the uk , the piece of paper has found its way into the hands of bentley .
mare nostrum is a naval mission that rescued would - be migrants in peril .	the italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100 , 000 people .	europe is not prepared to help italy shoulder burden of the crisis .
the deepwater horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation 's history , we are still experiencing - - yet only beginning to truly understand - - its profound environmental and economic repercussions .	the immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented , with declines in tourism and the seafood industry .
mu du bong was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july .	the ship , the mu du bong , was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july .	mexico defended the move wednesday , saying it followed proper protocol because the company that owns the ship , north korea 's ocean maritime management company , has skirted united nations sanctions .
federal jury 's decision to convict dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombings was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes .	the 21 - year - old 's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack .	the 21 - year - old 's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack , which both scarred and strengthened this city .
heather mack , 19 , was found guilty of killing sheila von wiese - mack on the indonesian island last year .	she was sentenced to 18 years in prison for the murder of sheila mack 's mother .
twenty - three people have been injured in the plane 's runway .	the plane overran a runway while landing at 8:05 p .	m . , according to the ministry of the state .
britney and drake have been on the kiss of a kiss at the coachella music festival . "	the kiss , " a song named for the 28 - year - old 's new mixtape , " the [UNK] .
gisele bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at sao paulo fashion week .	supermodel gisele announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk .	gisele announced wednesday night in the catwalk on wednesday .
cnn 's sanjay gupta looks at the history of the herb in the u.s. .	the video is at the top of the story of the remains in the united states .	the use of marijuana is a medicinal treatment .
nepal has returned to mount everest for this year 's climbing season .	the april 18 accident was the single deadliest incident in mount everest .	nepal has issued 347 permits this year to climb everest .
bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead .	the jury must decide whether boston marathon bomber tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done .	this is the victim impact part of the case , and the testimony was heartbreaking .
bishop robert finn was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse .	he led the diocese of kansas city - st .	joseph , missouri , was found guilty .	the case was tried by a judge instead of the case .
batman v .	superman: dawn of justice just got a makeover .	adam west and christopher reeve took their work on the edit .	take a look at the fan trailer trailer in the trailer .
fx critics continue to praise " the americans " as one of the best series on tv .	season 3 has seen a battle for the soul of daughter paige , the return of fan favorite margo martindale and soviet agent nina getting back in the game .	the finale is titled " march 8 , 1983 .
" jurassic world " is a new trailer for " fantastic four " differ from the original movie of a decade ago .	the trailer features even more of star chris pratt .	the new trailer was released on monday .
taylor swift 's " pledge allegiance to the [UNK] " was a fine throwback to the u.s. .	eric church 's " all - american kid , " the academy of country extravaganza awards .
rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night . "	i got lucky , and i love it , " said the 74 - year - old drummer george harrison .
joss whedon slams " avengers " and " cabin " clip for " jurassic world " clip . "	age of ultron , " joss whedon and joss whedon have been named as defendants .
nbc is planning a new version of " her .	it 's a little bit about how music can take you back in time , " her producer says .	nbc is bringing her her .
" legacy " is being directed by disney 's " lazarus legacy " in the sequel to the 1982 sci - fi film .	disney has been developing a sequel to " the lazarus " of the 1982 movie film .
freddie gray was arrested on a gun charge seven days later , a police official says .	gray was carrying a " dangerous weapon of any kind of force , " a police officer says . "	it 's not the use of [UNK] , " he says .
vatican says pope francis will add another leg to his trip to the u.s. this september .	the pope is expected to hail a new york trip to south america .	the vatican says he wants to thank his holiness .
the fires were started in the pacific northwest of the pacific ocean .	the smoke , wind and solar light is a result of smoke particles filtering out the shorter wavelength colors from the sunlight .
john swartzberg , m .	, is a clinical professor at the university of california at berkeley .	he says the recall is not based on the use - by dates to the consumer .
dallas mavericks owner mark cuban advised twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available - - and to do so every three months .	arizona gov .	doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order .
wang wang , wang pingan , neared the end of a two - wheel trek .	he locked up his trusty bike , loaded with panniers , to check out electronics markets .	police said odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered .
rights groups say the death penalty was delayed until the youngest of the maid 's death .	siti was convicted of killing her employer 's four - year - old child .	the indonesian government says siti was mentally ill .
tony abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds .	the prime minister accepted and gave a short , impromptu speech .	abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in australia .
conrad clitheroes , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were found on a five - day visit to the uae .	the three have been in jail since february 22 .	no charges were filed .
boko haram has been killed in recent years , a military spokesman says .	boko haram 's tactics have been waging a year - long campaign of boko haram .	he says the insurgents have been attacking boko haram in nigeria .
the al - shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on 5 p .	m . at 12:30 p .	local time .	the commando team rehearsed for a mission to retake the university .
proceeds will go to a school in montevideo , uruguay .	pope donated a harley - davidson that he was given to charity .	the motorcycle sold for $284 , 000 at auction , more than 10 times .
prince has pledged to cut the country 's 9 billion ( $12 .	4b ) annual foreign policy budget .	farage says it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants in the uk .
italy has a highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world .	italy has the unesco world 's successful unesco world sites in italy .	italy 's unesco world in italy has already saved bologna .
copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer - maker in the heart of danish capital .	the head of carlsberg city has been home to the world carlsberg brewery since 1847 .
the fire had burned nearly 2 , 000 acres in the florida county , the fire department says .	the fire was hidden from a growing 1 , 000 - acre wildfire in miami .
small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of le borgne , west of cap - haitien , on wednesday night .	it began to sail toward the island of providenciales in the turks and caicos when it was caught in bad weather .
america 's atacama desert is one of the driest places on earth .	the lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky .	figueroa photographed a series of religious festivals that take place every .
book 's first printing was increased from 500 , 000 to 1 million copies , barbara marcus , president and publisher of random house children 's books .	the publisher also released to cnn a never - before - seen image from the new volume by dr .	seuss , aka theodor geisel .
bob greene: there is a debate about whether the u.s. judicial system is well equipped for terrorism trials .	he says the trial 's sentencing phase will begin , determining whether he will receive the death penalty .	[UNK] it 's worth going to highlight some of the marathon blasts .
former maryland gov .	martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of hillary clinton .	hillary clinton is a big fan of president obama 's health care law , but not so much of a booster .	clinton campaign rollout is a key part of the race .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty of the death of the 8 - year - old son , 8 , in the case .	it is expected to last four weeks of the year 's edition of the boston marathon bombings .
the 60 - year - old drummer has pleaded guilty to the charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in a new zealand court .	rudd was arrested in november after police found methamphetamine and cannabis .
frida ghitis: the u.s. - iranian relationship is on the middle east , he says .	he says iran is trying to reduce iran 's nuclear issue , but it 's not [UNK] .	she says iran has no problem , but iran 's power is not contracting .
at least 30 states experienced increases in hepatitis c infections among injecting drug users .	a welcome step - - an estimated 50 , 000 americans are newly infected with hiv every year .	in addition to helping curb the spread of hiv and hepatitis c infection rates .
erika 's boyfriend , sean coakley , had arrived at her apartment to make dinner and found erika collapsed on the floor .	the fire department and paramedics were already on the scene .	the attendant at the front desk had heard erika screaming for help and called 911 .
scientists found the species of the frog on the caribbean slopes of costa rica .	the center of the slopes of kermit rica is known to have 14 glassfrogs inhabiting its tiny national territory!
rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of jewish husbands .	the men were convicted of conspiracy to commit kidnapping .	they were convicted on charges of attempted kidnapping .
aaron hernandez is accused of killing odin lloyd in the death of odin lloyd .	hernandez 's attorney says he 's not talking about odin lloyd 's murder .	hernandez has pleaded not guilty to the murder of odin hernandez .
the dukes of hazzard , died in hospice in hickory , north carolina , of complications from pneumonia .	he was 88 .	best known for his portrayal of " hazzard [UNK] .
illinois state university says it 's about 5 miles from the staffs of the illinois state .	the plane was coming back from the ncaa final four championship game in illinois .	the university of illinois state athletics says it was a " redbirds .
" scary lucy " is a new york town of celoron in the new york city .	the sculpture is a gift to the town from its original owners .	the statue has been on display since 2009 .
al - shabaab militants carried out the same macabre division of the u.s. embassy in garissa .	it was the bloodiest blow to violence between kenya and the somali militants .	in december , al qaeda was behind the 1998 attack that killed more than 200 people .
yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since shiite houthi rebels .	the sectarian nature of the conflict is drawing in regional rivals saudi arabia , the u .	n . says .
the petition is started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir .	the petition was started by an 18 - year - old computer science student from ankara .
frances bean cobain worked as an intern in the new york offices of rolling stone .	frances - - the daughter of nirvana singer - guitarist kurt cobain and an executive producer of the new hbo documentary on his life .
unicef said its cargo included antibiotics , bandages , syringes , iv sets and other medical supplies .	u . n . high commissioner for refugees said that about 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in the horn of africa .	unhcr appeals to all ships in the area to be extra vigilant and assist any boats in distress .
canadian forces are part of the u.s. - led coalition trying to stem the extremist group 's airstrike .	the campaign says it 's " a terrorist organization , " a military spokesman says .	the airstrike has been bombing in iraq since november .
michael slager has been charged with murder , his wife says .	his wife , 33 , has been accused of killing his wife and his wife .	slager was pulled over by a police officer in the house .
a quarter of a million australian homes have no power after a " once in a decade " .	about 4 , 500 people have been isolated by flood waters as " the strongest [UNK] .
new zealand prime minister john key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an auckland cafe .	cnn affiliate tvnz reported that the complaint was filed thursday morning by graham mccready , an accountant described in the new zealand press as a " serial litigant .
a gofundme page has a link for potential donors .	the 8 - year - old named sammy 's internet fame began in 2007 .	the family doesn't know when a kidney is available .
sevdet besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act .	the suspect , a 19 - year - old , has not appeared in court , police say .	police say the suspects were targeting a ceremony on anzac day .
aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges .	hernandez is accused of orchestrating the killing death of odin lloyd .	he is charged with orchestrating the murder of lloyd 's death .
espn reporter britt mchenry spoke to that towing company employee that made me bring it up .	one of the main things i preach to my girls , ages 7 and 9 , is the importance of respecting other people , no matter who you are and what you go on to accomplish .
alfred taubman died friday at the age of 91 .	he helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls .	the announcement was made by his son , taubman .
a university of washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob - - a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific - - for months .	some marine species are exploring the warmer waters of the drought .
tristan da cunha is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future well into the 21st century .	those who live there are mainly the descendants of dutch , american and italian sailors .
enoch gaver , 21 , was shot in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee .	police charged four members of the family with assaulting a walmart employee .	police sergeant jeremy daniels was hit in the stomach by a taser .
mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire , which began 100 years ago .	some historians say the number was about 2 million , including some of the 1 .	8 million armenians .
hillary clinton announced she was running for president in his obituary .	he was a former shriner of the year at a north carolina hospital . "	i am still voting for hillary " .
former secretary of state hillary clinton is close to hillary clinton 's two - term presidency .	clinton will galvanize a new york senator for almost a decade after her first failed white house bid .	clinton is expected to attend a democratic party .
lewis hamilton wins chinese grand prix at shanghai grand prix .	the two - time winner won the malaysian grand prix in dramatic fashion .	the british driver has won the british grand prix from teammate nico rosberg .	hamilton has been quickest .
the urban evacuation marked the first phase in the khmer rouge 's revolutionary program of social engineering .	ly remained in the capital with her father and four other siblings , three of whom would succumb to starvation and disease in the following years , before her father was shot to death before her eyes in 1979 .
in 2014 more than 80% of them headed for the libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation .	from the horn of africa to the mediterranean , these would - be migrants travel to europe .
a 24 - year - old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance .	he was identified as sid ahmed ghlam , french interior minister says .	the man was suspected of killing a computer science .
israel 's memorial day commemoration is for bereaved family members such as braham .	her husband , philippe braham , was one of 17 people killed in january .	he was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in , killing four people , all of them jewish .
mohammed abu khdeir 's name appeared this week on the wall at jerusalem 's mount herzl , the site of the national cemetery , as the nation prepared to mark its memorial day on wednesday .	abu khdeir , 16 , was beaten and burned alive by three israelis in july .
penelope cruz will appear in the sequel to the cast of " little penny " .	stiller , " zoolander 2 , " dropped the news by sharing a photo of " zoolander [UNK] .
saudi officials say they want to restore the yemeni government , a key u.s. ally in the fight against al qaeda , officials say .	the saudi - led coalition is hoping to wipe out the iranian - allied rebel group that has overthrown the government , saudi officials .
adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation .	he was known as the american mouthpiece , who died in what he was one of al qaeda 's top leaders .
cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in south korea .	south korean investigators say they have proof - - the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .	the source of these attacks ?	</s> <s> north korea .
a number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies and the outline of their messages .	julian zelizer: most of the mistakes will be blips along the way , and some of the candidates .
hillary clinton 's father , hugh lennon , was found .	police are investigating , but no other headstones were knocked over .	the police say the headstones were " vandalism " and " it was [UNK] .
kevin cave , a 20 - year - old western lowland gorilla , caught the incident on video .	the window has already been viewed more than 1 million times .	kijoto is charged toward the window and smacked into it .
u.s. survivors and family members were killed in the attack in the u .	n . he was found guilty of the murder of his son , leo , 3 , and his son .	the jury must decide whether the 21 - year - old is a federal jury .
the world 's seventh - largest economy is heading toward the ocean economy .	the ocean is truly too big to fail , but it is possible that the ocean could lose its coral reefs .	the health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a report .
frida ghitis: saudi arabia has always been thorny , but rarely has the state of affairs .	he says the saudi military is in defense of a retrogressive status quo order that is no longer .
over 10 , 000 were rescued from the coast of italy in the last week 's last week .	many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of italy 's former colonies .	libya is an example of the long reach of italian imperialism .
the u.s. is grappling with the rising threat of foreign military financing .	frida ghitis: it 's not because we don't recognize the problem , but we don't talk the talk .
cotton price is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis .	the cotton production belt is the second largest global cotton production . "	he points out the dismal condition of debt - ridden farmers . "
a skywest airlines flight made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york , on wednesday .	the faa says there was no problem with the plane 's pressurization .	the plane expects to fly from chicago to hartford , california .
new orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit against the ban .	bar owners worried about the loss of smoking spots in the new orleans .	new orleans , bar owners passed its ban on smoking spots .
filipino maid mary jane veloso and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .	jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to indonesia 's " execution island " .	jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to indonesia 's " execution island " - - where the ten are being held , though a spokesman for the attorney general , tony spontana .
rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe .	his tweet has been retweeted almost 30 , 000 times .	a number of people insulted and threatened francis in response to the death .
scott kelley , 50 , is accused of abusing his daughter , mary nunes , and beginning a life on the u.s. .	the case is scheduled to begin next month in the case .
the whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14 , 000 miles ( 22 , 500 kilometers ) .	it said the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10 , 190 - mile round trip between the " warm breeding waters near the equator , " which was a surprise to mate .
aaron hernandez is one of the most high - tech jails in the united states .	he will be shipped to massachusetts ' flagship maximum - security prison .	it 's called souza , for short , and it 's the " lifers block " .
we were so in love and happy together , she tells a forum . "	i saw all five of my feet , " haslet - davis and her husband were killed in the blast .	the death of three people and two were injured in the forum .
the women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted , attorney liang xiaojun says .	the five members of china 's women 's rights action group were detained in beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou a few days .
[UNK] [UNK] epa 's clean power plan is an energy policy plan , not a carbon - free plan .	he says nuclear power is our largest source of carbon emissions , he says .	[UNK] obama 's climate plan is biased against nuclear industry .
maj , gen .	allen batschelet , who is in charge of u.s. , army recruiting command , is a national security issue .	he says the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers .	the army will be able to recruit fitness .
in the u.s. , companies are dedicated to enhancing girls ' character and confidence .	in the united states , they are allowed to claim " zero " on the label 's cravings , he says .
a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington , virginia .	among the highlights , as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to liveleak: " i'm on television and you're in a f**king trailer , honey , " and " i wouldn't work at a scumbag place like this .
walter scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18 , 000 in unpaid child support .	he says it 's not a crime , but failure to pay child support is not a lethal crime .
peggy drexler: hillary clinton shouldn't be president because her hormones are a leadership concern .	he says the bias against women in the workplace is so well established that even in the oval office .
president obama says u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and syria , he says .	he says the u .	n . is ready to " new beginning " in the middle east .
bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police .	bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to " work full time jobs in the community and volunteer " .	bates wasn't limited to crowd control at sporting events for the disabled .
paul [UNK] hillary clinton 's campaign is a " war on women , " he says .	he says she 's not a woman - - a woman , and she is a [UNK] , she says .	she says her opponent is a ' war on [UNK] .
rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues: immigration reform and cuba relations .	rubio was a member of the senate " gang of 8 " that crafted a bipartisan proposal for comprehensive reform .	he later distanced himself from the bill after it ran into resistance from house republicans .
this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , the sister says .	he was born in " raymond , " playing next to his real - life twin brother sullivan .	he is believed to have shot himself on the show .
deflategate investigation will determine why 11 of the 12 game balls provided for the afc championship game .	the patriots beat the indianapolis colts 45 - 7 to advance to the super bowl .
a former police official says there was no sign of forced entry to a building in the heart of the vault .	the thieves broke into the second floor of the ransacked vault in the vault of the building .
police investigating the incident in the heart of london 's hatton garden safe deposit ltd .	a grade was applied to the call that meant that no police response was deemed to be required .	the mirror 's time stamps were involved in the heist .
the 42 - year - old actress and star of the hit tv sitcom " modern family " split from businessman nick loeb in may 2014 .	loeb is suing the colombian - born actress in los angeles to prevent vergara from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization in november 2013 .
bp says 4 .	2 million barrels of oil spilled into the gulf of mexico .	bp says it 's too soon to make long - term population - level impacts on the gulf .
five suspects have been arrested in connection with thursday 's attack , interior minister says .	al - shabaab gunmen killed 147 people , including 19 who are in critical condition , sources say .
authorities say they had launched a " vast anti - terrorism operation " friday .	some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with al qaeda leader osama bin laden .	wiretaps and other intelligence revealed that the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in afghanistan and pakistan as well as in italy .
the dress was sold at an auction in beverly hills , california , on saturday .	it was worn by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara in " gone with the wind " .	the outfit is the most with 150 pieces of " gone and the outfit " in the movie .
students from the university of lagos are applying the final touches to the " abucar iii " .	the eco - marathon process will travel to the netherlands in may to compete in africa in may .
ashish thakkar is the first african to sign up for the opportunity to travel to the african world .	he 's been called " africa 's youngest billionaire " in the education industry , he says .	entrepreneurship is not in the future of the african continent .
joao vaccari rousseff has denied any wrongdoing in the case .	vaccari is the treasurer of the country 's ruling workers ' party .	rousseff has been accused of corruption and faces charges of corruption .
hillary clinton will add to her potential " firsts": first woman " in the campaign .	she will have to define her own approach to the state 's first term .	clinton will be a real advantage in the middle east , she says .
hillary clinton has a face - to - face meeting with cuban leader raul castro . "	this would be the first meeting between a u.s. and a cuban leader in the [UNK] .
the eruption is a bit of gas and smoke in the area .	the calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours , the u.s. interior ministry says .	the last major eruption was 1962 .
drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like .	drinking is such a big part of korean life that seoul traffic is said to correspond with the action .
135 cases have been linked to injection drug use .	more than 4 , 300 clean syringes had been turned in , according to officials .	officials expect more cases as more individuals are tested .
the united states leads the world in incarceration , not education .	our country has shown time and again a nearly unlimited capacity to reinvent itself and move closer to the ideals on which our society was founded .	nearly three fourths of this population is comprised of nonviolent offenders .
cnn announced tapper 's promotion on " state of the union " .	he will remain the channel 's chief washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast " the lead " .
a u .	n . official says they want to wipe out the iranian - allied rebel group .	saudi officials say airstrikes have degraded houthi - controlled military infrastructure .	saudi arabia says airstrikes have resumed once again .
the alaska airlines flight was on its way to the los angeles airport .	the agent was making his way into the cargo hold , but the agent never was in any real danger .	the incident happened at seattle - alaska airlines airport .
authorities detained the women in three cities - - a few days ahead of events planned for international women 's day .	the five are members of the women are said to be in prison .
hillary clinton opened a long communications perspective on " demographic box - checking " .	she says it 's hard to deny that she can reframe herself in the minds of voter 's eyes .	clinton 's launch may have been much more successful .
the u.s. has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change .	the united states is intent to peak its carbon emissions by 26% to 28% .
a u.s. army hostages , warren weinstein of the united states and giovanni lo porto , were killed in the january 15 drone strike .	farouq was the deputy emir of al qaeda in the indian subcontinent .
japan 's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the 2011 fukushima disaster .	the ruling could provide a fillip to the government 's plans to bring japanese nuclear reactors back into operation .
the grandmother of two has dressed as a man for just a few weeks ago .	her daughter , a man of the house is a man in the city of luxor .	she was forced to fend off a home in egypt 's luxor .
suicide squad is the first full look at jared leto as the joker .	he will be the first actor to play the character on friday 's " suicide . "
obama has argued with the progressive potentate elizabeth warren , calling her " wrong " on trade policy .	the massachusetts senator is the same potentate to whom hillary clinton has been religiously prostrating .	warren has publicly criticized so - called " fast track " trade authority .
gloria borger says tsarnaev 's death is " heinous , cruel and depraved " .	she says the death of dzhokhar tsarnaev is " a far cry from genuine remorse for the death " .	he says the case is a betrayal of the u.s. , he says , but he 's not to do it .
popular comic book writer frank miller is returning to his best - known story . "	the dark knight returns , " published in 1986 , is widely credited for resurrecting batman in pop culture .
georgia state patrol says the women were killed in the crash .	they were on their way to a hospital in savannah , georgia .	the women who were killed were in two cars , a toyota corolla and a ford .
sunday 's contest will be held in amarillo , california , in under an hour .	molly schuyler , who co - founded the big texan restaurant , won $5 , 000 for the meal .
former nfl star aaron hernandez had consumed their lives .	it was nothing like " law & order . "	it 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us , " lesa strachan says .
a u.s. official says weinstein was killed in a " counterterrorism operation " in january .	the 73 - year - old pakistani official says he had been kidnapped by al qaeda .	weinstein was believed to have been killed in an drone strike .
about a third of americans are part of a $2 .	3 billion business that has seen " explosive growth " .	homeopathy is an opportunity for experts and members of the public to help .
lz granderson: america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , holding 25% of the world 's prisoners in prison .	evan feinberg : we need to change the dismal status quo .
david frum says the u.s. must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities for unity , growth and progress .	in 1962 , president kennedy asked the congress to support his ambitious goal of climate change .
federal aviation administration on wednesday initially reported a pressurization problem with skywest flight 5622 , and said it would investigate .	johnson says his girlfriend was seeing spots and that " when i was blinking , it was really bright .
al qaeda took warren weinstein hostage .	then , about a year later , about a year later , his family paid money to his captors .	it did not lead to the american aid worker 's release , and he was inadvertently killed in an anti - terror strike in january .
the cases have been occurred in nigeria 's ondo state since april 13 .	those affected are between the ages of 25 and 60 , health officials say .	the suspect may be the result of locally brewed alcohol .
it 's the gateway to an ancient mayan city , a " monster mouth [UNK] " and a " zoomorphic . "	he has found more than 60 years in the jungles of mexico .
a russian official says kim will be in the russian capital for may 9 .	kim jong un will meet with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit .	the first public confirmation attached to a named official .
the first world war took place at the time of the year 's world war " [UNK] " .	australia 's peter goldstein is in the midst of " the capitalist [UNK] .	. " the we are fighting for slaughter , " he says . "	it 's a fearful of the [UNK] .
four armed men burst into the building where lo porto grew up in sicily .	the native of the sicilian city of pakistan died in a border region of pakistan .	the aid group says lo porto put himself in harm 's way to help others .
the prime minister will get two extra weeks to the u.s. , israel 's president says .	the former prime minister came in less than 42 days , he says in a statement .
the turbulent world of the arabs helped bridge gaps in understanding of arabs and americans . "	the saudis: inside the desert kingdom " offered " a rare first - hand glimpse into the [UNK] .
u.s. official: " the population has exploded in several decades , " u .	n . official says . "	this is not unusual for that region of the world as the whole mountain , " engineer says .
the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information .	one official said it focused on parts of california where officials stepped up security , a u.s. official says .	the transportation security administration alerted local law enforcement agencies .
two gunman shot dead at point - blank range in lahore for the night , police say .	she is in a critical condition , but is expected to be released on time for her daughter 's funeral .	she had received death threats in the past when she handled the topic before .
grey 's anatomy , dr .	derek shepherd - - the hunky character played by patrick dempsey .	he wasn't shot down over the sea of japan , nor did a helicopter fall on his head .	instead , he died following a car crash - - after helping victims of another accident .
aaron hernandez was convicted of murdering odin lloyd .	he was sentenced to life without parole , but his wife was convicted .	hernandez was charged with murder and sentenced to death for murder .
turkey also disputes armenia 's count of the genocide , putting it at 300 , 000 .	turkey also unwilling to accept that turkey 's younger generation is more willing to accept what a genocide .
her grandmother , 90 years old at the time , told cetin that her real name was heranus .	many feared a repeat of the horrors they witnessed and barely escaped .	many feared a repeat of the horrors they witnessed and barely escaped .
kim kardashian , sister khloe and cher all toured armenia on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the ottoman empire .	the armenians were killed in the last days of the armenians , which is marked on april 24 .
mayfair , kensington and chelsea have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in london . "	safe - haven " is the second most important hub for ultra high - rich homes .
bruce khlo " i'm a woman , " bruce jenner says . "	love is the courage to live the truest .	i am honored to stand by bruce 's hero , " kylie says .
german - jewish attorney general: " it 's not [UNK] .	it 's a [UNK] , " one german officer says .	german - nazi ss soldiers had been executed at auschwitz .
cnn 's john d has a blunt look at the herb in pop culture .	cnn 's lisa france has a " blobs " of warm water in the pacific ocean may be having an impact on drones .
this page includes the show transcript .	use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .	at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news .	you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn vs news roll call .
police say they're looking for answers about what happened to freddie gray .	protesters want to know exactly what happened in those 30 minutes , police say .	police say gray died from a severe injury in a hospital .
the youngest suspects yet has been arrested on terror - related charges in england .	the teenager was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an australian parade honoring the world 's [UNK] .
nepal 's historic landmarks sometimes , energy stored in the spring gets big enough to match it .	saturday 's slip took place over 1 , 000 to 2 , 000 square miles over a 7 . 8 .
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston on april 8 .	the video shows quintuplet girls were born in 1959 to charles and cecilia hannan in san antonio .
the 35 - year - old is one of more than 44 million americans taking part in a medical ritual: .	vega says he wants to move forward with the elimination of the annual physical exam .	vega is a primary doctor and patient .
the plaintiffs say the fda is investigating the companies ' free speech rights .	the suit alleges that the plaintiffs violate the first amendment because they pre - emptively restrict free speech .	the plaintiffs also include u.s. companies including the fda .
youtube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19 - second video " me at the zoo " . "	the crawler in the dark , " was uploaded on april 23 , 2005 .
the eureka factor , " the " eureka factor " explores the influences at work behind that much sought - after " aha! "	moment . research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration , most of us end up .
kylie jenner has been trending on twitter and twitter and twitter and youtube .	the trend has been inspired by the hashtag #kyliejennerchallenge , which has been a member of the " beauty " trends .	the number of women have been changing the shape of the lip - photography .
richard corliss died in a new york city in new york .	he died a week after a 71 - year - old critic richard corliss .	corliss reviewed more than 1 , 000 movies .
" she 's a slut , " marvel - star co - star robert downey jr .	. " she is a " avengers: age of whore , " his co - founder says . "	i am [UNK] .
" the return of a man called horse " ( 1980 ) , " bronco billy " and " midnight in the garden of good and evil " .	lewis was a co - founder of " thunderbolt and lightfoot " in " high plains drifter " .	he showed up on such series as " the great waldo pepper " ( 1989 , " heaven 's [UNK] .
marvel 's " daredevil " premiered its first season on netflix .	the second season will be coming in a new year , the company says .	the show focuses on attorney matt murdock who was blinded as a child .
' star wars ' movie is in production in ' selma ' . '	suicide squad ' is ' just dirty dozen ' with a government agency .	the movie is ' dirty [UNK] .
fox is developing a two - hour remake of the rocky horror picture show .	the faces of the film will be produced by fox 21 tv studios , and berman 's the jackal group .
alice barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club .	barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s .
" the journey 's " starts to build and build into something"; a bell rings every time someone walks through the door , and tony looks up each time .	it 's fraught with tension in tony 's life .
the tulsa county sheriff 's office says robert bates was shown special treatment .	bates , 73 , is charged with second - degree manslaughter in the shooting of the shooting .	bates has been charged with the murder of the killing of harris .
buffalo were shot and killed on friday after a day on the loose in upstate new york .	the chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river , ended with " snipers " from the animals ' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road , according to lt .	thomas heffernan of the bethlehem police department .
the death of robert champion was convicted of a hazing death in florida a&m .	he was convicted in the hazing death of a medical examiner .	a jury ruled the death a homicide .
one of the pilots was arrested on suspicion of possession of an knives in his luggage .	the 262 people were arrested in the flight from london to hong kong .	the incident occurred on saturday night .
a massive 7 .	8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday .	hours later , after a wave of relentless aftershocks , many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings .	fast facts: earthquakes anderson , an american who was in nepal for trekking and meditation .
" army stew " can be found in a well - stocked supermarket or korean specialty store .	the spam , kimchi , kimchi , thinly sliced 8 oz and can be used in a pot and funky stew .
tsa says full screening of airport employees would not be screened through metal detectors .	only two major airports in the u.s. require employees to be " screened , " the report says .
the u.s. has been banned from the no - fly list .	the list is classified as a " fly list " in violation of the fifth amendment , a judge says .
betty whitehead willis , the designer of the iconic " welcome to fabulous las vegas " .	she was 91 .	willis played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city .
new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday .	amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot .	in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice .
elizabeth kolbert 's " all the light we " cannot see , " [UNK] 's novel , " the pope and the motherf***** with the hat " .	the pulitzer prize winner won the pulitzer for general nonfiction .
mom , veronica of richland , washington , wanted to buy " big hero 6 " fabric to make pillows for her two children ' .	the mom , veronica of richland , washington , wanted to buy " big hero 6 " fabric to make pillows for her two children .
peggy drexler: a catholic reads the bible to protect the emissaries from the mob , lot offers up his virginal daughters .	he says the town is the origin of the word sodomy , he says .
the gospel is the gospel of mary magdalene in the rest of the fifth century .	the copy is one of the most interesting , and the copy we have been in the show .
ashley king - paving the way for a burger - king wedding .	joel burger , 24 , proposed to ashley king 's 23 - year - old girlfriend ashley king .	the couple posed for a set of professional burger king .
vijay chokal - ingam posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school .	he says he was a " black man " as a " hard - partying " [UNK] .
police officer mark ehrenburg and dawn milosky , 45 , were killed in a new jersey wreck .	the woman 's limp body was taken to hospital , but his colleagues hooked the driver up .
turkish massacre of an estimated 1 .	5 million armenians and it 's also the seventh year in a row president barack obama has broken his promise to use the word " genocide " to describe the atrocity .	it 's a moral position taken by pope francis , actor george clooney and even by the kardashians .
this is gambling with the planet , says gernot wagner . "	the 2 - degree threshold is the subject of my reporting for the rest of the year " .	cnn 's john sutter talks about climate change on climate change .
ohio , ohio , ohio and ohio found a better way to get back on their feet .	he says we need to win the next election or give the best sound bite , he says .
hillary clinton is the first woman in the u.s. on new year 's eve , she says .	she says she 's " scooby - doo .	virtually sayin .
pew poll finds wedding - related businesses should be required to provide services to same - sex couples .	apple , walmart and the ncaa all spoke out against the law , they say .
there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , tony spontana says .	indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time .	the ten mostly foreign prisoners are on death row .
" the younger , " " blue bloods " is the first time since the season . "	blue , " "the " avengers " movie will see the day . "	the future is " on " the big , " .
lindsey [UNK] " my first bow kill , lol , " cnn affiliate reports .	kristen lindsey , texas , has been charged with killing a cat .	lindsey posted a photo of her photo of the clinic 's animal clinic .
a coast guard says one person may have died , the coast guard official says .	five people were initially reported missing , but one of them has been rescued .	more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island .
large number of climbers were killed , missing or trapped in mount everest .	snow and rocks thundering down the mountain , complicating rescue efforts . "	we were sitting here in base camp , " he says .
" the best referee out there , " kenny bayless says .	the 64 - year - old has been named as the referee of next month 's fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .	manny pacquiao has been appointed as the welterweight world .
ronald williams , a 15 - year - old , has also been arrested , police say .	louis police have been charged with assault in the shooting of michael brown .	the victim , 43 , said he was commuting home when a young black man asked to use the shooting .
nepal 's indian military planes are trying to get out , but there 's no way to go inside .	it 's not a huge amount of visible damage to houses and buildings .	nepal 's historic landmarks are not up to high .
jon " bones " jones is wanted for a hit - and - run accident in new mexico .	albuquerque police say the crash is a " pregnant woman " in the crash , police say .	jones , 27 , is arguably the biggest stars in mixed martial .
in rural china , at least the loss of a loved one in china is the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice .	strippers are invited to perform at funerals , known as " kusangren " is commonplace .
" we have seen more spotlight and more grief , " he says .	he says he 's forgotten , he says , " no evening " and " make the death penalty " .	tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted of 30 counts against dzhokhar tsarnaev .
20 new dots needed to be scratched in - - for the 20 friends who'd drowned off the shores of italy .	ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti , which borders eritrea , ethiopia and somalia in the horn of africa .
u.s. officials say warren weinstein 's death was pushed for his release .	his wife says she was still searching for details about his whereabouts .	weinstein 's wife says he was still looking for answers about his death .
at least 8 , 000 migrants have been rescued from africa and middle east , the italian coast guard says .	a total of 10 , 480 migrants were rescued from the mediterranean sea .
the death toll has skipped past 3 , 000 and climbs , inexorably .	the building is a hive of activity as scores try to get as far away from the devastation .	nepal 's president says he has no way to reach any of them .
the world had a great person taken out of the trauma , he says of the shooting .	he has pleaded not guilty to the murder of the shooter , he says .
the incident occurred on sunday in interstate a .	m . police are still searching for suspects , police say .	no arrests have been made , the police spokeswoman says .	the police are looking for suspects in the shooting .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has made a cross - border aid mission .	india has made 187 tons of supplies , including 50 tons of water , 22 tons of work .	india 's plans in india , where 72 people have been killed .
freddie gray 's family had asked there be quiet on baltimore 's streets the day they laid him to rest .	the peacemakers - - clergy , gray 's family and brave residents - - placed themselves in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police , breaking windows , looting and setting fires .
the boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie , with a woman in the head .	the woman saw her son on his face no longer covered in the face , police say .
a professor at texas a&m galveston said he had never had a problem in the class . "	enough was enough , " the vice president says . "	none of them have failed until the end of the class , " university officials say .
arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in southeast washington .	he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended , the secret service said .
more than 9 , 000 people have been killed in the quake , including one million people in nepal .	more than 4 , 600 people have died in a 13 - hour quake .
ravi opi , kavre district , nepal , is off the main highway .	it is only 30 kilometers ( 20 miles ) east of kathmandu but the journey takes almost two hours .	90% of the houses are uninhabitable .
a high - ranking official says he will have the final word by day 's end on wednesday .	the armed forces could not confirm if any of the rescued girls were among the troops .
" we were still thinking it was a just a simple earthquake , " a unesco world heritage center says .	the camera was in the streets of nepal 's ban on their country 's country 's ban .
lee wan - koo was found hanging from a tree in seoul in an apparent suicide on april 9 .	park is expected to arrive back to south korean president park geun - hye .
downey jr .	is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist .	downey says he 's not particularly interested in being there , but it 's not what he does next .	he says he doesn't want to talk about his job as a journalist .
a photo of a baby boy was pulled from the rubble of the nepal earthquake .	his name is sonit awal , and he 's just four months old .	his face is coated in dust .
hillary clinton is willing to risk a third losing bid for the democratic presidential nomination .	but his official word is that he is still looking at the race , and julie hirschfeld davis of the new york times reports that this " wait and see " approach is likely to continue for a bit .
the assailant 's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides .	the 10 were arrested in swat , a district of pakistan 's khyber pakhtunkhwa province , pakistani army spokesman .
more than 5 , 000 people have been killed in the quake , which left more than 100 , 000 dead .	more than 18 , 000 houses have been displaced in the surrounding area .	some more than 500 people have died in the area since saturday 's quake .
the death toll in nepal is rising; it has now surpassed more than 5 , 000 .	the earthquake struck the region on saturday in nepal after a storm hit the region .	the quake struck the area on saturday .
indonesia 's " bali nine " duo , andrew chan and sukumaran were killed in the executions of the death penalty .	their deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between canberra and jakarta .
eight of mary jane veloso 's mother of two was spared , at least for now .	the filipino advocacy group migrante " this is all because of the efforts of the filipino people " .	mary jane was convicted of drug trafficking in indonesia .
the state 's attorney 's decision on whether to file charges will be made public . "	i hate to say this , but i will continue to follow the evidence wherever it goes , " attorney says .
police say a man and a woman had been arrested in the frankfurt - area town of frankfurt .	the couple were arrested in oberursel on suspicion of plotting a boston - style attack .	the race loops around eshborn and frankfurt on the bike race near frankfurt .
the 15 - year - old boy was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace .	the u.s. team rescued 30 people , including three americans , by helicopter .
freddie gray 's death has been suspended from a fatal spinal cord .	six officers have been suspended pending an investigation .	mosby , 35 , died in hospital after a spinal cord injury .
kim was a 14 - year - old girl when she was 8 a .	m . kim says she was locked in a room with her body .	she says she 's " no words to the [UNK] .
a dozen native american actors have walked off the set of " the ridiculous six " near las vegas , new mexico .	the script is insulting to native americans , women and women .
prime minister yong abe and his right - wing allies have continued to " comfort women " .	the japanese prime minister will be issuing his address to the japanese government , he says .
the afghan president , ashraf ghani , has termed a " terrible threat " .	u.s. military officer said the militants currently have limited capability but are trying to recruit disillusioned taliban in several areas around the country 's east and south . "	there has been some very small numbers of recruitment that has happened , " colonel j b vowell says .
les moonves , ceo of cbs corp .	, says he wants to be an actor .	moonves runs a powerful television network in a town where nearly every waiter also wants to go to a restaurant .
sharon davis - williams and michael pitts also were ordered thursday to serve seven years on probation , pay $10 , 000 fines and work 2 , 000 hours in community service .	baxter said of his change of mind: " i'm going to put myself out to pasture in the not - too - distant future and i want to be out in the pasture without any regrets .
olivia munn will play the telepathic psylocke in the follow - up to " x - men: days of future past " . "	apocalypse " is currently in production for a summer 2016 .
beginning friday , blue uniform shirts will be traded for command staff members of the indianapolis metropolitan police department .	the new color will be worn by majors , district commanders and deputy chiefs .
south africa 's defense minister says the violence has swept the country in recent days .	he says he wants to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years , he says .
mahmoud rasti , the former president of the u.s. , flew from her home in geneva , iran .	the swiss - born daughter of iranian parents flew from the home in turkey to iran .
comics superhero hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow .	he 's also got a secret super - talent at singing ed sheeran parodies .	renner has proved he 's more than a one - hit wonder by starring in both " avengers " films .
judge ronald coen also lowered knight 's bail to $10 million from $25 million .	the judge also dismissed one of the two counts of hit - and - run against knight .	knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted .	knight suffers diabetes and blot clots .
" the curious incident of the dog in the the night - of " the " cabaret " star .	the awards are set to be held at 8 p .	m . on cbs .
jared leto 's interpretation of the joker is an internet sensation .	twitter users got their first look at the clown prince of crime in the upcoming movie " suicide squad " . " suicide .
jay z broke out of spotify over the weekend to defend the performance of his new music streaming service .	he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job .
hollywood reporter )good news arrived thursday for " fifty shades of grey " .	the third film in the series will debut feb .	10 , 2017 .	the third film in the series will debut feb .
sandra bullock is the world 's most beautiful woman of 2015 .	the 50 - year - old joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor , including gwyneth paltrow and gwyneth paltrow .
hawking 's version of " the meaning of life " will be available for the 7 - inch single .	the best of monty python " galaxy song " is in honor of the galaxy .
dzhokhar was convicted in boston marathon bombings and murder of his brother .	he was a " puppy " and " like a puppy , " his defense says . "	i am not [UNK] .
diana and duchess of cambridge were born in the royal family in 182 years .	32% of americans predicted the name was a shoo - in , and in the uk .	she will be the first princess of cambridge born into the marriage of diana 's death .
" the great british high street is not a child for the [UNK] .	the great kate effect " and subsequent " george effect " .	baby girl could be worth $1 .	5 billion to the country .
iran 's elite revolutionary guard 's quds force , led by general qassem suleimani , is already training , advising and supporting iraqi shia militias in their fight against isis .	iran 's elite revolutionary guard 's quds force , led by general qassem suleimani , is already training , advising and supporting iraqi shia militias in their fight against isis .
keeping up with the kardashians star says he has " soul of a female " even though he was born .	she says she can " breathe a little easier " to be transgender .
sen . bernie sanders , a friend of many years , is now running for president .	he says he is barely known to the general public , which makes him a long shot to win .
the miami riots in the 1960s were the first major " race riots " since the wave of riots spread across the country in the century .	the death of dr .	arthur mcduffie is the 23rd anniversary of the race .
in new america , the odds of congress passing another new deal or great society are minimal .	in new york , mayor bill de blasio has launched an ambitious pre - k education program .	he says there are no veterans without shelter .
a blood donation camp was said to be buried by the same structure that sat on a water container from what used to be her kitchen .	the journey towards his family home in sifal was a map of quake .
le coq 's branches are rising as if to touch the sky , he says .	photographer fabien coq was shot between 2012 and 2014 .	le coq says it 's a " [UNK] .
timothy mcveigh and terry nichols were convicted of the murder of the death of the attack .	the u.s. is serving a life sentence for the killing of a terrorist group .
mui thomas suffers from a rare genetic disorder that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection .	she was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky - - resembling fish .
boko haram has been released from the islamist group in a joint nigerian - chadian military operation .	the victims include men , women and children murdered by boko haram when they were found in november .
south africa 's first freedom day in south africa saw the country 's first democratic vote in 1994 .	the south african government has remembered the people of south africa and sent out a .
gen . khalifa haftar says libyan authorities have not been " consulted " .	the european union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people .	many of the travelers are fleeing violence , poverty in the region .
eighty - five people were killed in the 1994 bombing of a 1994 bombing in buenos aires .	the case is the deadliest terror attack in the u.s. , where nisman was found dead .
juarez , mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world . "	juarez is waiting for you , " a spokesman says .	juarez was once considered the deadliest city in the city .
shinzo abe 's stance on history is harmful to japan 's international image , riles china and south korea .	he says he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for japan 's wartime actions .
russia lost contact with flight controllers to re - enter the earth 's atmosphere .	russia space agency says it is working on its next supply flight to the international space station .	the spacecraft is now spinning out of control , nasa says .
u.s. says it 's not a deliberate response to russia 's actions in russia .	he says russia 's behavior is an added motivation to do well in the exercises .	nato says they are not a few days after the vienna document to send its own .
the airstrikes were carried out in the airstrikes , the israeli military says .	the alleged attackers were killed in the attack , the government says .	three of the victims were killed , the idf says .
jean nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight - loss industry .	the weight watchers started as a group of friends meeting in 1961 .	weight watchers founder jean nidetch was a weight watchers .
jeff mocha , 5 , was a pure bred fawn - colored doberman pincher .	her husband , parkinson , and her husband were found in the hospital .	mocha 's wife , michele parkinson , was found dead in the park .
american women working on the home front during world war ii .	the 92 - year - old died this week at her home in simsbury , connecticut .	rockwell lived in neighboring west arlington at the time .
shreeves shreeves , a 26 - year - old anamarie , lives in new york .	she has read a blog post by a woman who lives a zero waste life .	the average person throws away a ton of trash a year .
cheryl 's birthday challenge was meant to test better high - school students competing in the singapore and asian school .	cheryl has a birthday , and she doesn't want to share it right away .
kate ella could tell she was nervous about her daughter 's first triathlon .	she could tell the child 's bravest face , kate parker asked to sign up for her own .	kate parker and her younger sister , alice , are kate parker .
the u.s. supreme court to hear oral arguments tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples have the constitutional right to marry .	the question is one of the most momentous decisions of the roberts court .
nepal 's historic landmarks sometimes , energy stored in the spring gets big enough to match it .	saturday 's slip took place over 1 , 000 to 2 , 000 square miles over a 7 . 8 .
)ben powers died april 6 in new bedford , mass .	no cause of death was revealed .	powers joined the cast of " good times " for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season .
anti - stress art therapy for busy people is a similarly named coloring book .	frances [UNK] is working on a third title in the u.s. publisher . "	secret garden " has been commissioned for a book .
heavy drinking among americans rose 17 .	2 percent between 2005 and 2012 .	the rate of binge drinking is defined as four or more drinks for women and five or more .	the study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at the county .
17 - year - old cassandra , 17 , was diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma in connecticut .	she was forced to leave the hospital after a judge ordered her into custody of the state .
spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control while decreasing the risk of back and knee injuries: mid - back mobility and internal hip rotation .	when golfers have mobility limitations in their mid back or hips , which not only hampers play but often leads to pain and injury .
my vision is closing in now , barr says .	the actress says smoking marijuana is " good medicine " for relieving the pressure in her eyes .	barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in tylenol , most forms of midol and more than 600 other medicines .	the study was published this week in the study by the authors of the study .
the 62 - year - old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision .	barr 's doctors haven't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening: " my vision is closing in now .
the state 's legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco or e - cigarettes .	the bill will now go before the u.s. david ige , whose signature would make it law in hawaii .
the outbreak has been ongoing since mid - december .	this is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only 35 , 000 people .	the epicenter of the outbreak was first noticed in the 1980s .
the u.s. is the worst in the united states . "	the risk to humans is low , our food supply is safe , " the usda says .	more than 5 million birds have already been euthanized .
the brick - and - wood pagoda may have been hundreds of years old .	the slightly shorter , triple - century bimsen pagoda , the narayan temple pagoda , is the white house .	the town of nepal 's hindu virgin pagoda may also have survived .
the diamond field is the largest found at the park so far this year , the state park says .	the diamond found at crater of diamonds state park in murfreesboro , arkansas .	it 's the largest one of the world 's largest diamond .
" the migration of the negro " is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre - wwii .	one frame in particular , no .	22 was painted before hip - hop became the piata .
north korea 's enigmatic ruler is expected to be preparing for a visit to the end of world war ii in europe .	kim 's first official international trip was canceled after his death .
malik ghat is a wholesale flower market that attracts more than 2 , 000 sellers each day .	ken hermann visited the market for his project " flower man " .
lewis hamilton wins chinese grand prix in formula one world championship .	world champion sebastian vettel finishes third to win malaysia grand prix .	lewis hamilton finishes second in the world championship and four .
college professor took the extreme measure of threatening to fail his entire class .	irwin horwitz accused them of " backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting .	the professor at the texas a&m university galveston campus expected his missive would create some conflict .
japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country 's shrinking workforce .	toshiba says she 's not worried about a robot replacing her - - even one made to resemble a real 32 - year - old woman .
joni mitchell is known as mitchell 's friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents .	mitchell is described as " mitchell 's [UNK] " in the absence of 24 - hour .
l . i . i . he died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california , his wife , the wife , kathryn jacobi dysart .	the show was the award - winning stage .
one - hour series is set to be released on july 26 .	jenner has starred in the e!	reality series " keeping up with the kardashians " .	the series has been plenty of speculation about jenner 's feelings .
" the purge: anarchy , " the city 's largest city has been on edge since on one day each year . "	the purge " is planned for a 12 - hour period .
the hospital campus is overflowing with patients in remote mountainous areas .	one of the biggest challenges rescue workers are still battling in the area .	the hospital is ill - equipped to treat the injured .
[UNK] [UNK] it 's not a tragic irony that the arab spring - era policies of a nobel peace prize .	he says the body count will continue to grow in the world 's newest jihad theater .
a 40 - year - old mother - of - four was at home when saturday 's deadly 7 .	8 - magnitude quake struck .	she was freed by an indian rescue team .
police released a series of events on monday , a police spokesman says .	the van 's driver says he is acting " irate " and " check on his prisoner , " a police say .
the u.s. is one of the worst of the " predator colleges " in the " aggressive predator , " [UNK] " [UNK] " in a long struggle to hold for - profit colleges .
white house correspondents ' association dinner on saturday night , hosted by cecily strong of " saturday night live , " was not strong 's finest hour .	but when you step back and look at the event as a whole , and appreciate what 's really happening - - in terms of press freedoms and even a u.s. president willing and able to poke fun at himself .
a new book called " clinton cash: the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make bill , hillary [UNK] , coming out may 5 " .	it 's not that the alleged conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities .
miami - dade police department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation .	the camera showed baggage handlers stealing items on flights bound for israel .	the problem has been so serious .
kim jong un has backed out of next month 's visit to moscow for world war ii anniversary .	the north korean leader has ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far .
jeffrey dahmer beat serial killer jeffrey dahmer to death inside a wisconsin prison .	he says he did it because of dahmer 's " creepy sense of humor " .	dahmer 's former prison minister says he killed dahmer .
the first time chinese - built u.s. car will be one of four models produced in a factory in chengdu .	the company will be watched by chinese car makers to crack developed markets .
26 - year old has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai , like many large chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies .	the auctions take place once a month on a saturday morning .
gregorio billikopf lives across lake llanquihue from the volcano has been photographing and videotaping the three eruptions and described thursday 's event as spectacular but not as severe as the two prior ones .	he lives in a rainy part of chile , which he described as like a garden of eden .	the explosion produced an extensive plume , but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on april 22 and april 23 .
venezuelan native maickel melamed , who is battling muscular dystrophy , completed the 26 .	2 miles just before 5 a .	m . tuesday . a group of energized fans rallied for the 39 - year - old as he walked down boylston street in the pouring rain with volunteers from his foundation .
the fifth - year anniversary of attacks on police officers were the no .	1 cause of waze 's app .	the officer is known to have used waze application to monitor the movements of police officers .
lord of the ring film , " the fellowship of the rings " trilogy , is the oscar - winning cinematographer .	lesnie won his oscar for his work on the remake of " king of the rings"and " .	jackson reached out to the first of the fabled " babe " movie , " hobbit " film .
the 30 - year - old co - star of " the elephant show " ran on the hollywood preschool show that ran on nickelodeon during the early 1990s .	the tv show " sharon , lois and bram 's elephant . "
johnny kemp , best known for the 1988 party anthem " just got paid , " died this week .	samuel l .	jackson and chris kirkpatrick were among those who died in 2015 .
sledge died in baton rouge , louisiana , said stephanie price of the east baton rouge parish coroner 's office .	he had been in hospice care for cancer , clark added .	the song was working as a hospital orderly , picking up gigs at night with a group called the esquires combo .
the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake .	the couple announced they announced the pregnancy in 2012 .	the celebrity welcome to the couple 's pregnancy in january .
the female - skewing cable network has greenlit " the unauthorized full house story " .	in the same vein as its " saved by the bell " tv movie: the network is now taking on full house .
marvel 's powers of marvel 's all - star superheroes go a bit wobbly in " avengers: age of ultron " .	at least two of the big action scenes are lackluster , the company says .
furious 7 " is the seventh installment of the " fast and furious " franchise . "	furious 7 " delivers that the film handles the real - life death of paul walker .
michelle keegan is sexiest woman in the world by british men 's magazine fhm .	the actress is best known for her roles on the bbc series " ordinary lies " .	keegan is followed by caroline flack .
former u.s. navy aircraft carrier that survived a japanese torpedo strike and was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts looks remarkably intact at the bottom of the pacific .	the uss independence was scuttled in january 1951 during weapons testing near california 's farallon islands .
jetblue study found 70 million passenger seats in the past two years .	the high number of award tickets is directly related to the five biggest u.s. airlines .	the top performer was the top 25 markets in the study .
loretta lynch has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments .	the city has paid out $5 .	7 million in court judgments or settlements to withhold federal funds .	lynch will need to put the full resources of the department of justice to bear the carrots .
her ex - boyfriend , gianni van , 45 , was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out gonzalo ramirez at the bar where she met him .	prosecutors say van killed ramirez as revenge for raping his on - and - off girlfriend norma esparza .
best part of the supreme court oral arguments about marriage equality was " [UNK] .	[UNK] " it was her obligation to follow him , " ginsburg says .	justice ruth ginsburg says marriage has " always been " between marriage equality .
the koch brothers have in common with the u.s. civil liberties group .	they say it 's a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to job - seekers with records .
u.s. tennis star andy murray takes place at dunblane cathedral on saturday .	the couple met at the dunblane cathedral in dunblane , dunblane , dunblane , scotland .	the wedding of andy murray will take place in dunblane cathedral .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , snapped the lucky shot .	she posted a picture to twitter and posted the image to twitter .	the video has received hundreds of retweets .
gulnaz was convicted of the murder of her attacker , asadullah , who was convicted and sentenced .	she 's now carrying the third child of her brothers , who is convicted of adultery .	she was sentenced to death in afghanistan .
nato , nato and the u.s. revere 's uneasy legacy of america 's longest war .	they say they can no longer get work with other government groups , they say .	u . n . embassy and nato declined to comment on story .
" how we digest images of war between mainstream media stations , " thorpe thorpe says .	thorpe had to work with the soldiers in the desert of war and conflict .	he hopes his images will be the 40th anniversary of war .
freddie gray , a healthy man , died sunday under a police video camera .	freddie gray was taken into custody after being taken into police custody .	police are involved in a cover - up .
" i was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask , " he tells cnn affiliate wmar .	gray 's death has led to the internet calling graham #motheroftheyear " not at all " . "	he was embarrassing , " graham says .
new york jury deliberating the fate of the man charged with the 1979 killing of 6 - year - old etan patz .	the little boy 's disappearance , more than three decades ago , sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children .	the little boy 's disappearance , more than three decades ago , sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children .
the moment became one of the deadliest shootings in u.s. history .	holmes says he was insane at the time of the shooting .	holmes is accused of killing 12 people in aurora , california .
the big fight between bob mayweather and floyd mayweather will be held in the first round of the year .	bob greene says he 's " no [UNK] , " [UNK] and [UNK] " [UNK] " .	he says it 's time to make a difference in the future , but it 's not enough .
one survivor of the deadly shipwreck gave to investigators .	authorities say migrants on the boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved .	italian coast guard is working with italian rescuers , prosecutors say .
japan would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 .	the mission is expected to be used to perfect soft - landing technologies , which will be repurposed to recognize craters .
u.s. officials say the united states has been clear in its messages to houthi rebels inside yemen .	the u .	n . says it could react to iran 's behavior in the region .	the iranian ships are being deployed to houthi houthi rebels .
pastor creflo dollar responded to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey gulfstream g650 .	dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $300 from 200 , 000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet .
the president enrolled at occidental college in los angeles in 1979 .	he remembers the air quality alerts and how people with respiratory problems had to stay inside .	obama also said the instances of asthma and other respiratory diseases went down after these measures were taken .
militants from the kurdistan workers ' party were killed and another was wounded .	four turkish soldiers are wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of turkey .	the kurdish leader says the kurdish separatists ' attempt to lay down the arms .
indonesian court has rejected a bid by two australian drug smugglers .	andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia 's " execution island " .	lawyers for the pair had argued that widodo had failed to individually consider their cases .
the bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern morocco on friday .	the crash caused a fire that killed at least 35 people - - most of them children - - and their children .
yellowstone 's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought , say scientists from the university of utah .	underneath the national park 's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the grand canyon nearly 14 times over .	it may help scientists better understand why yellowstone 's largest explosions in the last few million years .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro says she had a housing problem .	he says he had no evil intent , but he didn't have a housing open .	maduro says the incident is a " mango " and " magnicidio .
the lawsuit was filed march 27 and a preliminary investigation was opened by the prosecutor 's office wednesday .	the media outlet , cnn affiliate bfmtv , is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages , who were hiding in a cold room during the attack , by broadcasting their location live during the siege .
a helicopter crash in the u.s. kills six people , including a high - ranking member of the prime minister 's staff .	the helicopter crashes in good condition , police say .
you want a tv show about your family history to include details of a slave - owning ancestor .	ben affleck 's attempt to alter the content of the program only publicly became known .
president obama says a u.s. drone strike was killed warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto .	rezaian says he had been charged with an end to iran 's nuclear program .
the slants are five asian - american musicians from portland , oregon , who pay homage to the ' 80s on stage .	the u.s. refusal to change their name was disparaging about asians .
nick loeb is a new york city for the new york times .	he says he filed a complaint against the 42 - year - old actress .	loeb says he met the actress in the past .
saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in the city of saudi arabia .	saudi arabia has launched more than 1 , 200 airstrikes in yemen .	aden is a city not fully in the operation .
the alaska airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing .	the agent says he was on a four - person team loading baggage .	the aircraft took off again , alaska airlines says .
the two - year - old suspect was a former student at the school .	the victim was a suspect in the center and the state , the state and the center of the city .	the suspect was not killed in the library , and a man in the house .
an estimated 1 , 000 migrants have died so far this year on the outskirts of tripoli .	the smuggler took her to an unfinished building on the crossing of the city 's crossing .
the house was built with a grant from the university of tokyo .	the house is able to produce its own energy and be modified using a monitoring system .	it is a key concept in architecture for thousands of years , and the building is trapped .
italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa , the italian official says .	the boat was carrying three sicilians and four ships in the area five days later to fish for shrimp .	italy registered more than 10 , 000 migrants each year .
co - star john stamos announced monday night on " jimmy kimmel live " .	the show will feature candace cameron bure , who played eldest daughter d .	j . tanner in the original series - - as the recently widowed mother of three boys .
the former white sox star says the game will mean " another sad day in the city " .	the orioles will keep an eye on the situation in major league history .	the contest will be televised on may 28 .
the u.s. - sponsored talks should resume " but only after a complete halt of attacks " .	the previous round of talks between houthi rebels and the government of yemen .
blue devils take on kentucky on saturday night 's first contest .	the badgers fought back from a 60 - year run to regain a lead .	the wildcats failed to win its first title since 1941 .
jerome , a 54 - year - old man , climbed the fence on the south side of the white house complex .	a secret service source says the proposal is not in place .
president barack obama and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings has given new life to a debate over the word " thug .	the rev .	jamal bryant drew the same comparison wednesday morning on cnn .	the president and the mayor are wrong , he said .
u.s. supreme court ruling to uphold state bans on same - sex marriage .	jeffrey w .	sutton is expected to decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a company .
the u .	n . says it 's not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country .	the united nations says the attacks started in march after a labor dispute between citizens and immigrants .
al qaeda - linked militant group based in somalia , took responsibility for the attack .	mohamud is " credited with having an extensive terrorist network within kenya , " according to a ministry document given to cnn .	mohamud is in charge of external operations against kenya , the document says .
the death of freddie gray is a flashpoint for the protests and now the riots in baltimore .	the 25 - year - old was carried out in the van for a week of hospitalization .
the u.s. defense official says he was shot at a provincial governor 's compound in jalalabad .	the afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a exchange of gunfire .	the defense official declines to identify the official .
new belgium and ben & jerry 's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream .	both companies have a history of social activism , and the new project will be " impactful .
the show was aired in laughlin , nevada , the clark county coroner 's office says .	the 2015 show aired in 1970 , in 2015 , the show aired on 1970 - 74 .
daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston has " global and irreversible brain damage , " according to her grandmother .	the 22 - year - old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive .	the 22 - year - old is no longer in a medically induced coma , she remains unresponsive .
mercury orbits about 35 , 983 , 125 miles from the sun .	messenger is running out of fuel and nasa says it will hit the planet 's surface at 8 , 750 mph .
the university of maryland says the wave of beheadings may be having an unlikely knock - on effect . "	it 's sitting there in our unconscious , " he says of the attention of beheadings .
the u.s. , saudi arabia and other countries criticize the military as peacemakers for the middle east .	iran has praised iran for its alleged involvement in funding and supplying the houthi rebels who have seized power in much of yemen .	iran 's longstanding claim that iran will decide to fight isis .
boston fans feel at home in oriole park - - a so - called retro urban park built to embrace the luxuries of modern stadiums while maintaining that nostalgic feel - - because much of it was based on boston 's fenway park .	the boston faithful are used to being in the heart of a city to watch sports .
more than 10 , 000 people have arrived from libya since last weekend .	more than 140 , 000 migrants arrived from north africa in 2011 , according to the italian coast guard .	in 2008 , the italian prime minister , the u.s. , promised to invest $5 billion in infrastructure .
james oatway checked the series of stills on his camera .	it was the morning after a night of unrest in johannesburg 's alexandra township .	the attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench , stabbed him .
u.s. deputy head of the anbar official says it 's unclear how much longer government troops can hold their front lines against the isis offensive .	fierce fighting has driven a steady iraqi city of baghdad and is the capital of anbar province .
a white police officer in north charleston , south carolina , was charged with murder .	the fbi has opened an investigation into the shooting death along with the state law .	the police officer can always plant a dog .
dr . john turnabout is an expert witness about " magic " green coffee beans .	the university and new york presbyterian hospital score 6 million youtube views .	dr . oz 's claims about " personal financial [UNK] .
zaki - ur - rehman lakhvi was released friday from a jail in pakistan .	the u.s. is accused of abducting the attacks that left more than $19 , 000 in mumbai .	the country has been released on bail .
the u.s. marshals are investigating the incident .	it is unclear what happened in the incident , the woman says .	the incident occurred in the city of the house , and a man in the house .
nigeria 's capital city is the first of its kind in history .	boko haram is the massive privatization of the poorest , and vast swaths of society .	the cancer of corruption has to be cut out of the power .
researchers say mars may have had an " sea " on mars .	scientists say evidence of brine hiding out of the planet 's atlantic ocean .	experts say the theory is a " alien life " for life in mars .
chinese nuclear experts say the u.s. may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads .	the key takeaway from the latest assessment of north korea 's nuclear capability is not in the nuclear stockpile .
tomas berdych beats thomas berdych 7 - 5 , 4 - 6 , 6 - 3 in monte carlo masters .	djokovic beats rafa nadal 7 - 0 to surge in 4 - 0 win over thomas berdych .
more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state .	synthetic marijuana is coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana .	alabama department of health issued a health alert .
mohamed badie has been sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence .	the u.s. state department is accused of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities .	he has been arrested in a high - profile case .
incidents of killings and assaults on unarmed african - americans are unlikely to be a national crisis .	the crisis is not an exaggeration - - we are losing the confidence of a generation of police .
the movie was filmed at the maine north high school building , which was auctioned off by the district years ago .	the file was discovered at maine south high school as district officials prepared to move to a newly acquired building next door . "	the odds of having such an iconic movie filmed and associated with your district are astronomical , " he says .
monty python and the holy grail , which premiered 40 years ago thursday , was the result .	the movie was a box - office hit , making $5 million - - more than 10 times its budget .
the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 time 100 gala .	the prank came the night after schumer 's hit show , " inside amy schumer , " premiered on cbs .
david frum: hillary clinton should take a 23% pay cut , equivalent to the current gender wage gap , he says .	he says hillary clinton will take a woman on average loses $431 , 000 in pay .
hillary clinton 's election will no doubt on women 's gender discrimination , she says .	she says women should not be able to make up for " lost " wages , she writes .
jeff green , then playing for the boston celtics , was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood .	one of the longest lockouts in nba history .	green is the first person in his family to graduate .
gao jinping , 71 , has been sentenced to seven years in prison .	her lawyer says she 's " taken on dissent , information control and challenges to the party " .	gao told her she would " appeal , " she says .
myopia rates among 20 - year - olds have leaped from 18% in the u.s. .	the rates of myopia are also rising in western nations like germany and the united states .
social media responded in a big way , with terms like " hillary clinton , " "#hillary2016 , " and " #whyimnotvotingforhillary " .	clinton 's official announcement went online , without an opinion or thought on her new campaign .
at least 4 , 000 people were reported to have suffered injuries .	at least 17 people have been killed in the quake .	witnesses say the lives of more than 200 people were stuck in everest .
some of the alleged crimes will be subject to a statute of limitations in august 2015 .	assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 .	the australian national has not been charged .
police say they have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at denver international airport .	the tsa launched an investigation , and investigator chris higgins monitored the two passenger officers in february .
at the 30 - mile radius of the center of reagan national airport , the sfra airspace is a " no - fly zone " .	the size of the missile is designed to be large enough to comply with a flight plan .
ayatollah ali khamenei , the islamic republic 's supreme leader , told state - run media outlets he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final , and he 's not certain it will become binding because he has " never been optimistic about negotiations .
jonas salk 's vaccine could lead to the protection of most of the world against polio .	the vaccine was eagerly awaited because of polio in the u.s. , he says .	it 's been 60 years .
the $16 million mary harvin transformation center was being built in a part of town .	the brick building burned to the ground in the riots that followed monday 's funeral for gray , who died .
newly released nypd training materials are approved by a federal judge . "	it violates fundamental democratic precepts and freedoms , " nypd says . "	the point is that you will not do it , " mayor says .
the u.s. has said it is too dangerous for them to drive out of government buildings .	the state department says it is the too dangerous to conduct an evacuation of citizens .
frida ghitis: the u.s. embassy has not targeted any american interests , she says .	ghitis: the saudi goal is to protect the country 's " legitimate government " .	she says the houthis are trying to fight against al qaeda .
china 's biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week .	the only models on display will be the scantily - clad " car babes " in previous years .	the show is facing a second year of slower growth in china .
bill murray , george clooney , scarlett johansson , jerry seinfeld , howard stern , michael keaton and ray romano .	letterman has been a late - night host for 33 years , close to 22 of them on cbs ' " late show .
human rights watch says it marked the country 's " deepening descent into dictatorship " .	the new security order would allow military personnel powers to issue summons .	the junta believes it is necessary in the name of public harmony .
new england patriots star aaron hernandez , 25 , appeared to shake his head " no " earlier as jurors in the massachusetts trial found him guilty of first - degree murder .	he was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole , a new low for a young man who once enjoyed a $40 million pro - football contract .
police arrest tens of thousands of poor black men in the u.s. .	police have no problem with justice , but they don't know what happened to freddie gray .	he says the mayor is black , police say .
the somali woman 's baby , sabrine , was born a week after she was detained .	about one - third of the migrants are held in the east coast of africa .	the ship is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility in malta .
cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people .	the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived .
lz granderson: we created a culture of such deep distrust , disrespect that violence seemed the inevitable .	he says the word " of the story of the great american [UNK] , " [UNK] [UNK] .
founder of my local women 's fitness groups , women run the world , posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable .	jae rockwell , the founder of my local women 's fitness groups , women run the world , posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable .
charlie cleveland was a copygirl in his fourth month at the chicago daily news news .	the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks .	it was so quiet that afternoon - - 70 years ago , on thursday , april 12 , 1945 - - was strictly .
warren says she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class .	she says she feels that washington functions well for special interest groups and the well - connected but leaves out the rest of the nation . "	we live in an america now where the game is rigged , where washington works really great for those who hire armies of lobbyists .
hillary clinton released on twitter on sunday announcing her run for the white house .	there is no better time in history to be born female than the working world , he says .	the challenge for women in politics , and the idea of " the nation 's [UNK] .
gloria borger says clinton is now a candidate for president - - and the first lady .	she says she has been a fighter for president in one of the most dynamic primaries in history .	he says she 's a " game of [UNK] , " he says .
nasa 's new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of pluto .	pluto was once considered to be the smallest planet in the solar system .	pluto is 1 , 400 miles .
amanda rothschild , a 23 - year - old , suffered a spinal cord injury while in police custody .	some local businesses in baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city .
the university of florida and emory university is investigating allegations .	zeta beta tau wfox " i am .	i am personally offended , " the members of the warrior beach retreat , florida , .
methyl bromide is suspected to have been used in the u.s. virgin islands .	authorities are trying to track down anyone who has stayed at the affected villas of the area .
frida ghitis: women who slipped into the clutches of today 's jihadi warehouses .	ghitis: women captives move from house to village to human rights , she says .	she says boko haram is a system of organized rape and intimidation .
al - labani is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence .	he was killed in mortar attack last week , his family says .	yemen has been trapped in the conflict .
francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september .	the vatican said the pope would stop in cuba before his planned late september .	francis , the first pope from latin america , played a role in restarting diplomatic relations .
roots , the epic miniseries about an african - american slave and his descendants . "	the saga of kunta kinte , an african who was captured , shipped to america and sold .
frida ghitis: isis is trying to fight the shiites to secure their own survival and strength , she says .	ghitis: the u.s. has been successful in its tactical battles between iraq and syria , he says .
the size of the doubled search area is bigger than the u.s. state of pennsylvania .	flight 370 vanished more than a year ago with 239 people on board .	the search is expected to be completed in may .
turkish archaeologists found a stone chest in a 1 , 350 - year - old church .	she thought the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person 's relics .	the true cross phenomenon begins with emperor constantine , an historian .
scientists at the university of bari have known about him since 1993 .	the altamura man was the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by university of the university .	scientists have been able to rescue the bones for fear that trying to ease them .
public opinion on same - sex marriage has not changed since 2003 , he writes .	the supreme court has not been made by the constitution , he says .	the constitution has changed since the end of the year .
on wednesday , dc entertainment , warner bros .	and mattel will launch dc super hero girls . "	my daughter will be a big fan i think , " wrote kathleen e .
affleck 's " finding your roots " would have ever been found out if sony 's emails had not been hacked .	gates missed an opportunity , but providing a window into slavery 's past to america 's present .
walter scott was stopped by officer michael slager for a broken taillight , and within minutes scott was dead .	the stage was set in north charleston , south carolina , a city of about 100 , 000 people .	the stage was set in north charleston , south carolina , a city of about 100 , 000 people .
bp oil spill 's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer .	on this most recent trip , i saw the ghostly remains of entire islands virtually swallowed up by the oil .
spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on a flight from california to the international space station .	the dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after the launch of monday .
ibrahim al - rubaish died monday night in a u.s. detention facility in yemen .	he was once held by the u .	n . government in guantanamo bay , cuba .
james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .	the prosecution says it will seek the death penalty .	holmes faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges .	the attack killed 12 people .
the wooden vessel was called mecca after the holy city of aden .	the vessel was mistaken for a re - supply vessel .	it was time to go into town to see what life was like for the people of yemen .
frida ghitis: it 's worth the risk , the bad treatment and the fear , hard as that may be to believe .	he says the smuggler was a decent man with a smuggler with a great reputation .	[UNK] it was a funny thing to get to europe .
i see a revolution in the attitudes of everyday americans , he says . "	i am proud of the revolution .	i see it in the eyes of [UNK] .
vladimir putin shrugged off repeated questions about the impact of western sanctions .	putin says it is a " surprise " appearance by nsa whistle - blower edward snowden .	sanctions against iran have had a dramatic impact on the event .
dr . mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of " manifesting an egregious lack of integrity " in his tv and promotional work .	oz is vice chair of the department of surgery , at columbia university 's college of physicians .
the origin of the strain is still unknown , according to the centers for disease control .	the listeria strains found in texas are different than those in the past year , the cdc says . "	the bacteria can cause serious and the strain , " he says .
toya graham , the baltimore single mother , pulled her son from the scene of a riot .	she says she didn't see her as a hero , but she didn't take her to join in a riots .
ryan surveyors had not been out to check for damage or casualties .	there have been no reports of deaths in rio vista , texas .	there are reports of damage - related deaths .
alexis keslar was flown to the canal in the canal , authorities say .	the canal slowed the water and reduced the water , police say .	authorities say the paths of the canal rolled into the canal .
a number of people confirmed dead in nepal stands at 3 , 525 , a government official says .	the death toll is expected to rise in the u.s. , the united states and nepal .
crash occurred at 3:30 p .	m . at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack .	the 36 - year - old passenger , 24 - year - old tavon watson of kissimmee , florida , lost control of the vehicle .
the u.s. and european union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country 's economy . "	it is a good deal , a deal that meets our core objectives , " u .	n . secretary of state john kerry says .
bobby drake , aka iceman of the x - men " no .	40 reveals the truth: bobby is gay . "	there are thousands if not millions of stories of people who , for many different reasons , felt the need to hide their sexuality , " brian michael bendis .
hong kong 's pro - democracy legislators beg to veto , describing it as " one country , two systems " .	the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 .
two australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early wednesday .	australian prime minister tony abbott called the executions " cruel and unnecessary " because both men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , had been " fully rehabilitated " during a decade in prison .
lincoln 's second inaugural was self - evident on april 9 , 1865 - - 150 years ago - - when confederate gen .	robert e .	lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28 , 000 troops to union general ulysses s .	robert e .	lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28 , 000 troops to union general ulysses s .	grant at appomattox courthouse ( mclean house ) in virginia .
sevdet besim , a 18 - year - old , was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act .	the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week .	abbott avoided the term isis - - or planning , terrorist acts .
" orange is the new black , " a former transgender activist says . "	glee " is the first president of " people who are lesbian , " while a woman is in a new black .
north korean defector calls the hollywood comedy " vulgar " .	the south korean defector says north korea is " an act of terrorism " .	he has no way of knowing what will happen to the hermit .
a catholic reads the first chapter is the seven days story with god creating the earth .	the first step was choosing a play on the hebrew word " adama , " meaning ground .
conor mcdonnell is the self - taught photography star behind instagram .	the 23 - year - old iphone has earned more than 2 .	4 milllion " likes " to date .	"i'll " good lighting for me .
scientists are working on an alternative way to peer into the past and search space for signs of life with jwst .	hubble is about the size of a golf ball that has been operating in the space for 25 years .
officer michael rapiejko ran his car into mario valencia in february as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air .	valencia , who flew through this air , survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day .
microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor jonty hurwitz .	the 45 - year - old 's " nano - sculptures " are made from a mysterious resin . "	it was gone , " hurwitz says .
the 117 migrants , mostly from sub - saharan africa , arrived in the port of augusta , sicily , around 1p .	the two boats they had been in were barely seaworthy , the tug 's montenegrin captain told me .	last year at least 3 , 200 died making the journey .
a tiny , 7 square - kilometer parcel of czech republic is the world 's newest micronation .	he planted his newly - designed yellow and black flag in the territory .	he tells cnn that the country will be formally founded on may 1 .
sudan 's female northern white rhinos are targeted by the northern white rhino .	the northern subspecies of sudan is elderly in the entire world .	experts say the rhino will not be able to conceive with a female .
fireball comes in a yellow - labeled bottle with a fire - breathing demon on earth .	fireball has come seemingly out of nowhere to become the sixth - most popular liquor brand in the u.s. as america 's party .
afghan lawmaker detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday .	taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack .	taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack .
body of 3 - year - old girl , 17 , was taken to sunrise hospital in las vegas .	police say she may have been killed for weeks , police say .	police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse in connection with the death .
jurors are set to begin tuesday in the trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev .	the defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on monday .	he wanted to awake the mujahideen , the holy warriors , so he chose patriots day , marathon monday , " a time for families to gather and watch the marathon .
jurors sent out two questions , which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court wednesday morning .	dzhokhar tsarnaev , the 21 - year - old accused boston marathon bomber , faces life in prison or the death penalty .	jurors heard more horror from april 15 , 2013 .
human rights group calls for an " independent investigation of the killings " .	amnesty international says the ensuing gun battle lasted more than three hours . "	most of the suspected smugglers were heavily armed , " amnesty says .
scott , who was unarmed , was killed in the death of an unarmed black man in south carolina .	a video shows a video of a man wearing a " black lives matter , " a police official says .	the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras .
officer darren wilson says he shot brown after the shooting death of michael brown .	he says it 's not a threat to officer michael brown , who was not posing for the shooting .
officer wounded , john moynihan , is white .	angelo west , the gunman shot to death by officers , was black .	angelo west , the gunman shot to death by officers , was black .	after the shooting occurred , were quick to call for calm .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates , 73 , " inadvertently " shot eric courtney harris after harris - - a possibly pcp - addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer .	deputies tried to handcuff harris , bates arrived with a pepper spray gun in hand .	he warned his fellow deputies he was going to use a taser on the suspect .
michael slager is charged with murder in the death of 50 - year - old walter slager .	the former north charleston police officer is accused of killing a man in the shooting of a man .	scott 's death is being investigated .
the 73 - year - old bates paid big money to play a cop in his spare time .	reserve deputy robert bates is charged with second - degree manslaughter .	it 's a felony charge .
police chief supported an officer 's decision to drive his car into an armed suspect .	the suspect , 36 - year - old mario rapiejko , survived and was hospitalized before being justified .
armed police have scrambled to stop clashes this week after local residents accused immigrants from other african nations of taking their jobs .	the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14 - year - old boy , authorities said .
italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the christians at sea , police say .	the boat was intercepted by an italian navy vessel , which transferred the passengers to a panamanian - flagged ship .	more than 10 , 000 people have arrived on italian shores from libya since last weekend .
officer michael rapiejko ran his car into mario valencia in february as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air .	rapiejko sped around another officer as valencia walked through a business park , hit the man from behind with the left side of his front bumper .
sunday was the accidental death of a 2 - year - old boy in milwaukee , a police official says .	he was killed by a gmc van , police say .	the victim 's family says the uncle targeted the boys .
maltese prime minister: " they're putting people on a boat , really , and nothing else , " maltese official says .	the italian coast guard says 28 people were killed in the crisis .
the same day police released the names of the officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray .	gray died of a spinal injury sunday , exactly one week after he was taken into custody .	one man was arrested after crossing that barricade , but the protest was peaceful .
freddie white was taken to hospital where he was already in custody .	he was pronounced dead at a hospital in the hospital .	white was arrested in connection with the death of police .
the baltimore police department said the two were upset over the death of freddie gray scuffled .	the police say the protests have been peaceful , but the violence has been peaceful .	the department has not released details of what the officers say or how gray might have .
east point police lt .	cliff chandler of east point , georgia , was arrested on monday .	police say they are trying to identify the suspect , but she 's not sure what happened .
the money was deep at the bottom of the atlantic , the monetary casualty of a cruel world war ii sinking .	in november 1942 , the unguarded ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u - boat while carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao in the house for saturday night 's showdown .	the cheapest seat on sale through the stubhub site is retailing for a mammoth $128 , 705 .	only around 1 , 000 were offered to the general public .
baltimore , california , headquartered in california , has been linked to the death of african - americans .	the 25 - year - old has been in the midst of the deadly attack in the past year , he says .	[UNK] " it 's a point of [UNK] .
jury selection started in january with 9 , 000 potential jurors .	holmes ' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated tuesday .	opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on april 27 .
boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent .	she thought she was going to have a baby 's arrival from someone else .	bruce 's attorney says she would need to talk to her .
the 21 - year - old golfer equaled tiger woods ' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par to realize his childhood ambitions of donning the green jacket on sunday as he swept through the field to become masters champion at augusta .	an ice - cool display made him the second - youngest winner behind only woods , who was 155 days younger that year - - and only the fifth man .
denver teacher kyle schwartz passes out post - it notes to her third grade students and asks them to complete the sentence , " i wish my teacher knew .	she knew soccer or video games .
dujardin and valegro won the world cup at the weekend in las vegas .	dujardin and albfuehren won their first world cup dressage title in vegas .	the dressage rider was outdone by irish showjumper .
las vegas is home to the finals for the world cup finals .	vegas is the world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses .	it is the first world cup winner of the year 's world cup .
japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour .	the train broke its own record of 374 miles per hour , a spokesperson says .	the fastest train in the u.s. .
anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu , followed by a second earthquake on may 12 .	the once - vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry .	koirala 's group is relying on bottled water and is now rationing food .
" it 's edible , " the university of school says . "	the tacos will be the tacos .	i . it 's right , " says the school 's new arena .
making ends meet is insurmountable , says jody farley - berens .	montgomery was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 30 .	nominations are now open for cnn heroes 2015 .
chad bernstein is trying to help through his nonprofit , guitars over weapons .	do you know a hero ?	nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .	nominations are available on cnn ireport .
the massachusetts supreme court became the country 's first to legalize same - sex marriage .	by 2014 , that number had climbed to 47% , according to a survey conducted by the public religion research institute .	there are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it , a dramatic turn in one of this country .
nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children .	ziv 's first child , a 15 - month - old daughter , was born to a surrogate mother in nepal .	ziv and his partner , tom , traveled to nepal for the birth .
kim jong un ordered execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year .	shin kyung - min , a lawmaker with the new politics alliance for democracy , told a handful of reporters .
u.s. california gov .	jerry brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state 's history .	he says it 's leading the way in recognizing human - induced climate change .
i thought i lost you , frank jordan tells cnn .	louis jordan , 37 , took his 35 - foot sailboat out to the gulf stream .	he spoke with his son , jordan , from north carolina .
prime minister yong abe and his right - wing allies have continued to " comfort women " .	the japanese prime minister will be issuing his address to the japanese government , he says .
lz granderson: " i don't think you need to be alone , " she says .	[UNK] " i'm really looking for a travel buddy .	i . i don't know how we do ? "	she says she wants to get married if she gets married .
the volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23 inches ( 60 centimeters ) in some places .	new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12 , 000 feet .	calbuco erupted twice in 24 hours , the geological agency says .
" i knew that my whole world was over , " he says . "	i didn't know if anyone else in the world was about , " sideri says .	sideri looks back on his drug - using days like it was another person 's life .
the probe is expected to hit the surface at the 8 , 750 miles per hour .	the spacecraft was launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6 years before it started circling mercury .
last summer , islamic state in iraq and syria is a problem in isis , isis says .	the isis health department runs hospitals for anyone feeling ill .	it 's one of many official documents relating to sharia sessions .
the arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on tuesday while supporters and opponents of same - sex marriage rallied outside - - with one protester even interrupting the arguments from within .	all eyes were on justice anthony kennedy , considered a key vote for challengers to the state bans , who has penned three decisions in gay rights over the years .
at least a half dozen students have been killed at the al bastain school in yemen .	the fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks .	at least 74 children were killed in the crossfire .
hundreds of african migrants were caught between the libyan civil war .	they had come to misrata from ghana , nigeria and elsewhere , hoping to board rickety boats to cross the sea to europe .
the cramped galley of the ship is filled with the smell of fresh garlic frying in olive oil .	the 27 - year veteran of italy 's guardia di finanza is the first point of entry to the ship .
more than 1 , 6 million people reported dead in mount everest .	the quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years .	the death toll is expected to rise .
former florida state university student accused star football player jameis winston of rape .	kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress .	winston has said the sex was consensual .
kent police chief says his client had been released from jail .	kent was being held on a charge of curfew over the death of freddie kent .	the incident happened at the city 's booking .
taylor swift says her mother has been diagnosed with cancer . "	i'd like to keep the details of her condition , " her mother 's mother says .	swift 's tweet about her mom has been cancer .
sarah brady , 73 , was shot in the head by the brady campaign in 1993 .	she was also involved in gun violence prevention for the past , she says .	the brady handgun was also linked to a gun violence , the family says .
al - douri was killed in an operation by iraqi security forces and shia al - jubouri .	the u.s. military is aware of the iraqi leader 's role in the hussein 's regime .
india could outpace china as the world 's fastest growing economy as soon as this year .	china 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth .	india successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around china .
9/11 is the way kenya will change after garissa , " ruto said in nyeri , according to a statement from his office .	al - shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college in eastern kenya this month , killing 147 people .	kenya 's government says that attack was masterminded by senior al - shabaab leader mohamed mohamud .
guenter grass , best known around the world for his novel " the tin drum , " has died .	grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide .	grass accused of selling weapons to kill masses of iranians .
bikram choudhury was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students .	he is accused of sexually assaulting anyone , saying he was manipulated by lawyers to lie behind .	choudhury said he wanted to set the record .
the u.s. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self - caliber bullet .	the system has been developed by darpa 's " smart bullets " and " the continuous guidance of a [UNK] .
putin will spend hours fielding questions from the u.s. on live television .	he says it is there to be a threat to russia 's interests from the united states and europe .
u.s. activists caught up with it about 750 miles northwest of hawaii .	the polar pioneer is on its way to the arctic via seattle .	greenpeace says the boarding was illegal and jeopardized safety .
president obama meets friday night at a dinner for the u.s. for the summit of the americas .	the two nations have been building up to the historic face - to - face - and - - - prime security adviser .	obama is expected to spend a lot more time .
solar impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in nanjing .	more than a quarter of the way along a journey to fly around the world without using a drop of renewable energy .
police commissioner anthony batts told reporters there are no excuses for the fact that gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station .	gray , who was stopped april 12 after a foot pursuit through several housing complexes , should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest .
the women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted , attorney liang xiaojun says .	the five members of china 's women 's rights action group were detained in beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou a few days .
spacex founder elon musk tweeted: " ascent successful .	dragon enroute to space station .	rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival .	spacex has said it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea .
paul nungesser was cleared of responsibility in emma sulkowicz 's 2013 rape claim , as well as others that came to light after sulkowicz went public with her allegations in various media interviews .	her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school 's handling of the complaint .
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later .	he " gave up without the use of force , " baltimore deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said .
the u.s. action against hunger - - adventist - - plan international - - real medicine foundation .	the salvation army - - samaritan 's purse - - - - dzi foundation - - save the children .
u.s. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world 's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet .	the u.s. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world 's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet .	the u.s. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques .
santana has said he feared for his life , which almost kept him from revealing the recording .	santana recalled the moments when he recorded a roughly three - minute video of north charleston police officer michael slager shooting walter scott as scott was running away saturday .	he could hear the sound of a taser in use .
49 - year - old former inkster , michigan , police officer who is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist , floyd dent , around the neck while he lay on the ground and punching him several times in the head .	on wednesday , drug charges against dent , 57 , were formally dropped in michigan circuit court , clearing the motorist of all wrongdoing .
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques .	the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192 , 000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad .	mental health needs are crucial to help the survivors of physical attacks and those who've witnessed violence .
protesters chanted " out with dilma " and " time for change " .	police estimated that 275 , 000 demonstrators marched in sao paulo .	rousseff won re - election with just over 50% of the votes in october .
ben kacyra was born in mosul , iraq , in 1940 .	he moved to the u.s. in 1964 , and in the 1990s .	he founded by an iraqi - born engineer .
a former school principal in japan says he paid for sex with more than 12 , 000 women .	the man , yuhei takashima , told police he continued to work at a japanese school in manila .	police seized 147 , 600 photos that takashima took of his activities .
dash cam footage does not show the actual shooting .	scott tells cnn that he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle .	scott 's identity was not given in a police report .
a franklin county sheriff 's attorney says the warrant was " indicative of an inside job " .	the alleged ringleader , a 45 - year - old pappy van winkle , was found dead in october .
17 people had been killed on the mountain .	the indian army 's everest expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp who had been preparing to scale the mountain , spokesman col .	jon 's been comforting injured people that he doesn't think will survive .
the two nations ' top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years .	the meeting in a small conference room on the sidelines of the summit of the americas came as the two countries work to end the cold war enmity that had led to a total freeze of diplomatic ties .	both leaders proclaimed progress had been made , a key stumbling block - - cuba 's place .
the third world happiness report is released by the sustainable development solutions network .	people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support .	the u.s. general assembly declared the world happiness day in 2012 .
police trickled into the fielding home for funerals in charleston , south carolina .	the stress of the past week since scott was fatally shot in the back by a north carolina police officer michael slager .
up to 200 , 000 asylum seekers in the uk are waiting to cross , after the sinking of the sinking .	the flows reflect a significant increase in the number of asylum seekers .
a video shows two groups of men , one in orange jumpsuits and the other in mosul .	the islamic state is given the choice to embrace islam or maintain the prophet unless islam .
italian prosecutor revealed that a network of pakistanis associated with al qaeda talked about attacking the vatican back in march 2010 .	the latest came friday , when an italian prosecutor revealed that a network of pakistanis associated with al qaeda talked about attacking the vatican back in march 2010 .
" this is a manifestation of this , " the ousted president says in a trial . "	the revolution will be ignited , " morsy says .	the court says the case is " dominated by politics , " a lawyer says .
the presidential court is sentenced to life in prison for his role in the presidential war .	the virgin mary morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison earlier this month .	the church was torched and looted by a mob .
aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder charges .	hernandez is charged with murder charges in a 2012 double homicide .	hernandez was found dead in an off - campus restaurant in january .
edwin sabuhoro was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals .	the mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison . "	i felt so good that i saved a baby [UNK] .
new culture , every generation , remakes jesus in its own image , even though no one really knows what he looked like .	if you turned on the television this past sunday , though , a new vision of jesus came into view .	if not following all of history 's clues - - hollywood has yet to cast an actual jew as jesus .
neolithic times trepanation is thought to be a cure for everything from skin to migraines .	a unit of measurement equal to one hundred millionth of a centimeter - - angstroms scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness .
hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day .	many stores will host live performances , drawings , book signings , special sales of rare or autographed vinyl and other happenings .
" the work of orson haas " is as famous as the movies , " the third man " says . "	the greatest story ever [UNK] , " says one of the photographers .
eric harris , 73 , pleaded not guilty to a charge of second - degree manslaughter .	he says he meant to go on a vacation to the bahamas for a family vacation .	bates was accused of fatally shooting a man in the bahamas .
kekula kekula is scheduled to return to liberia in liberia . "	it 's a surprise - - [UNK] , " she says , " i love to the u.s. .	i fascinates me every day , " a doctor says .
shelby offrink , 30 , was paralyzed from the belly button down .	shelby 's version was extremely rare because it was lodged in her spine instead of the back pain .	the rest of the first grew worse , but the rest was treated with a smile .
ted boissy , who lives in the hospital for an organ transplant , has had to wear hospital gowns on multiple occasions .	the gowns are among the most vexing parts of the hospital .
freddie gray is angry over the death of freddie gray , a 25 - year - old baltimore man who suffered a spinal injury at baltimore city hall on saturday .	at least five people were arrested , police say .
" you can transport the water to a different location , " professor jean - pierre wolf says .	it 's hard to tell how effective cloud seeding actually is a cleaner version of cloud seeding .	it could help us modulate the weather in areas of high contrast .
more than 200 yazidis were killed in northern iraq , officials say .	most of those released were women and the rest were ill or elderly .	isis previously released scores of other yazidis in iraq .
dr . anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty to all charges in the case .	he was released from a new york cardiologist , who is accused of killing his client .	moschetto , 43 , and james moschetto , 41 , were named as accomplices .
selena selena , selena dohal , 8 , and her skull were fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood .	the conditions are the identity of the girl who dr .	sanjay gupta .
by day he is an industrial design student at philadelphia university .	he has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl , built to stop a knife .	gordon explains why he began experimenting with the cosplay .
at least 25 people have been lured to isis since the year , a u.s. official says .	isis has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda , law enforcement officials say .
more than 1 , 800 people have been identified as the death toll in nepal .	the u.s. embassy says it is providing first aid to the injured in the quake .
up to 1 , 700 bodies may be found in tikrit , an iraqi official says .	the remains will be sent back to the u.s. for dna tests to identify the bodies of the iraqi soldiers .
the man , rishi khanal , was saved after a french search and rescue team found him under the rubble .	he was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of bhaktapur at least 22 hours .
mary jane veloso 's fellow death row inmates , like her - - were put to death by firing squad early wednesday in a wooded grove on the indonesian island of nusa kambangan .	veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from malaysia to indonesia when $500 , 000 worth of heroin was discovered in the lining of her luggage .	supporters , including the filipino advocacy group migrante , and her lawyers claim the young mother was the victim of human trafficking .
more than 100 people have been arrested in the wake of a " philly " protest . "	we have been under a lot of duress , " a police officer says . "	philly is not [UNK] .
the charges include assault of a police officer , robbery , resisting police and interference .	the rally was called to show support for protesters in baltimore and 7th in the united states .	more than 60 people were arrested in minneapolis .
oduwole oduwole is often described as " the world 's youngest filmmaker " .	oduwole was born in california to a nigerian father and a mauritian mother .	the 12 - year - old has four documentaries .
a replica of an 18th century ship fought with the u.s. ' founding fathers in the war of independence .	it set sail in virginia to retrace a journey through american history .
nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid .	relief organizations say the tarmac at tribhuvan international airport remains jam - packed with a large number of cargo planes .	several aircraft carrying essential supplies have been turned away , or diverted to india and elsewhere .
the suspect allegedly fled by car , foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him .	ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave , mcmahon said friday .	in video captured by cameras aboard a helicopter for knbc , deputies gather around the man after he falls from a horse .
south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .	the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast .
the storm is expected to make landfall in the philippines on sunday .	maysak is called chedeng in the philippine island of the philippines .	the philippines is frequently hit by heavy rains and potent winds .
katie donovan is a young woman in the u.s. , she says .	she says she was a ' little girl ' at the age of 18 , she told her .
isis overran their villages in august 2014 , a small group of assyrians , a middle eastern .	the exodus of christians from iraq started prior to isis - - and the civil war took the toll .
two african - american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six - member city council .	ferguson 's population of about 21 , 000 is 70% black , but the city council was predominantly .
pope says the pope 's use of the word " genocide " is the first genocide of the 20th century .	turkey summoned the pope to the vatican for " consultations , " he says .
the video is being dissected by authorities and media outlets , authorities say .	slager , 33 , was charged with first - degree murder in the death of his wife .	the video was shot over and a chain - link fence , a police report says .
velentzas and her former roommate , 31 , were arrested in the u.s. .	velentzas and siddiqui were arrested and accused of plotting to build an ied in the united states .
u.s. tested positive for listeria , the u .	n . food and drug administration says .	so far , no illnesses caused by the hummus and hummus have been reported .
the london - based syrian observatory for human rights says isis and the al qaeda - affiliated al - nusra front took control of 90% of the camp in southern damascus .	syria 's state - run sana news agency reports up to 2 , 000 people have fled in the past two days as food , water and medical supplies remain scarce .
at least 10 iraqi soldiers were killed in the attacks , an iraqi provincial official says .	the u.s. - led airstrikes have already made a tug of war ever since 2014 .	isis remains a formidable endeavor .
cnn 's arwa al - abadi , who was in tikrit , was killed by isis in tikrit on tuesday .	iraqi forces said they had fired an rpg at the truck , killing three isis fighters , police say .	iraqi prime minister says the victory is a significant victory for isis .
the new york study is a new york post that hillary clinton is a former u.s. senator .	he says he 's not beyonc , but she 's not a pop star in the world , he says .	she says the [UNK] " hillary " is one of the most regimented .
new: the 25 - year - old male was shot in the leg , a spokesman says .	new: the death of freddie gray was arrested in ferguson , missouri .	police are in custody in baltimore , a witness says .
" he was not a dangerous person , " anthony scott tells cnn 's don scott .	scott 's brother anthony scott says he was " not a " dangerous person " .	north charleston police officer michael slager was charged with murder .
a u .	n . official says people are running out of food , water and fuel . "	we need to save the lives if not tended to be , " a red cross official says , a spokesman says .
al - shabaab , the somali - based terror group , is trying to prevent the children from obtaining .	militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region .
the 40 - year - old winner won the grand national on saturday .	he won last year 's grand national for the first time in his career .	third time winner mccoy wins .
blackwater sniper nicholas slatten to a term of life in prison , mandatory for his first - degree murder conviction .	blackwater workers paul slough , evan liberty and dustin heard were sentenced to 30 year each , plus one day .	slough was convicted of voluntary manslaughter , 12 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense .
the male carried a sign and a message about the death of the u.s. .	the incident occurred at the lockdown as they were investigated , police say .	the packages were filming at the capitol .
lockheed beaudin happy 60th birthday to the hercules , a c - 17 globemaster iii .	it 's the first production c - 130a by smashing a bottle of chattahoochee river water across the nose .
saudi air force gave air india a four - hour window to go to and from sanaa and a specific travel route for a safe landing .	the passengers were already fast asleep , exhausted and the push to get out of the capital .
the slaughter of at least 147 people , many of them students who lived in the campus , were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students .	the gunmen burst onto the campus around 5 a .	m . on the wall in the dormitory of the kenyan school .
" it 's all about how you want to encourage her to confidently .	the plus - size models show off the bras and panties " .	the ads will be featured in the company 's secret and its stores .
a grand jury is not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of jason harrison .	harrison 's family filed a lawsuit in november .	the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from harrison 's mother .
we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth within a decade , he says . "	we know how to look , " nasa scientist says .	scientists found evidence of water on a number of celestial bodies .
the dreamworks film centered on the cast of a canceled space tv show .	the film 's scribe robert gordon is expected to write the tv version and executive produce with the film director dean parisot , producer mark johnson and johnson 's producing partner melissa bernstein .
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material found on the rooftop of japan 's equivalent to the white house .	the discovery comes on the same day a japanese court approved a plan to restart two reactors .
the statue of liberty and liberty island will reopen to the public saturday .	the nypd bomb squad examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package .	the fire department had ems units there as a precaution .
18% of the people in america 's low - wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis .	america 's major fast - wage jobs is the primary casualty of just - in - time .
the new south mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world in the united states .	the mall was classified as a " dead mall " and a " clear mall " in the mall .
i sincerely apologize , patrick cherry says .	the detective assigned to the fbi 's joint assignment with top - secret security clearance .	cherry says he has committed " three traffic and law [UNK] .
the new legislation took effect on january 1 , 2014 .	they could then sell to any of the 30 , 000 - plus tourists ( 21 years or older ) .	the two said they brought in more than $47 , 000 in sales .
melissa duncan , south carolina , is back in a coma for a week after her death in south carolina .	her food allergies change so far , she says , " we have to well be [UNK] .
president dilma rousseff has struggles with economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal .	rousseff was long considered the corporate jewel in brazil 's crown , one of the biggest companies in the world .
al - shabaab militant group claimed responsibility in nakuru , hundreds of miles from garissa .	the attack at a university in garissa on thursday killed 147 people , mostly students .	the attack at a university in garissa on thursday killed 147 people , mostly students .
the bali nine - year - old has been called the ringleader of the bali drug .	he has been named as the mastermind of the smuggling plot .	he was one of four drug couriers in the case .
more than 1 .	5 million people have been forced to flee their homes as a result of the violence .	more than 300 , 000 people have fled their homes due to the violence , unicef says .
u.s. had tens of thousands of troops and still large ambitions for their war here , were large in scale .	nick paton walsh 's afghanistan series: afghan forced to marry her rapist yet a few problems are immediately visible .
" feeling without touching , " carter says .	smartphones and other devices can also be used in the air , he says .	[UNK] " the ability to put on your eyes , so you can see , " he adds .
inky and google maps with pac - man have been at odds with google maps .	google maps have been power pellets on the embarcadero ?	inky and clyde maps has been at the center of fun .
hernandez is known for his swagger on his back to face a murder in a murder of his death .	he says he 's not unusual for his lawyers , he says , and his wife , robert hernandez , says .
in 24 years , i have never read the bible each day for a year .	in the middle of holy week , there is no excuse for the plunge .	the catholic church says it 's a good story .
this is the 21st century 's little red book , president xi jinping writes .	the app aims to " arouse enthusiasm " for socialist ideologies .	it 's unclear how many people have " downloaded it " .
he was and will always be my hero , his son wrote on facebook .	he was 88 .	freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital , his son and daughter .
al - shabaab militants followed her in a dorm room , as al - year - old militants called them out .	garissa , kenya , kenya , kenya and kenya 's garissa university college .
indiana gov .	santorum is expected to mount another presidential campaign in 2016 .	the supreme court set to rule in june on whether same - sex marriage should be legalized nationwide , santorum says .
joni mitchell has been hospitalized in southern los angeles in los angeles .	mitchell 's best - known songs are " big yellow taxi " and " free man in paris " .	joni was found hospitalized in her home in tuesday .
mount everest is part of the first indian team to pick up at least 4 , 000 kilograms of waste from the high - altitude camps .	the 34 - year - old is the world 's tallest peak .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says the deal increases the risk of a " nuclear war " .	the deal is a " clear and unambiguous iranian recognition of israel 's right to [UNK] .
the cabin was found dead on a cruise ship in puerto rico .	the cruise line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the cruise ship .	the fbi says it is investigating the incident .
iran 's president says iran will be true to its nuclear program , he says . "	we do not lie , " he says , " we believe none of that , " rouhani says .	iran 's nuclear program will be held on tuesday .
the midwest and the hail are expected to be moderate in the hail , the national weather service says .	the midwest , arkansas , oklahoma and the shawnee , oklahoma , and the oklahoma , the hail .
the midwest and the hail are expected to be moderate in the hail , the national weather service says .	the midwest , arkansas , oklahoma and the shawnee , oklahoma , and the oklahoma , the hail .
sierra sharry and lane smith were just about to become parents .	sharry was taken to the ou medical center in oklahoma city .	smith never recovered . "	i lost my best friend .
kenya 's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over .	al - shabaab held nairobi 's westgate mall under the u.s. embassy for four days in september 2013 .	kenya 's security situation may have deteriorated in recent years .
the man on the phone was offering two children with the casualness of a street trader .	the man was one of the men , he said , " we can get , " he says .	he was shown a " madam " and " [UNK] .
young girls say goodbye to their loved ones and part ways , filing up concrete steps leading up to the floor above .	when the parents are praying [downstairs] , we are teaching the girls upstairs , " explains tech entrepreneur regina agyare , who comes here every week to teach local teens how to code .
tim [UNK] it 's a copy of a law that is already in the books at the indiana 's religious freedom law .	he says the law is envisioned to discriminate against gays and lesbians .
florida judge denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against prince andrew and a prominent u.s. lawyer alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein .	buckingham palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in january .
more than 20 fishing vessels are searching for the 15 people thought to be missing .	more than 60 people are rescued from the chilly waters in russia 's far east .	the dalniy vostok freezer trawler , a commercial .
u.s. state department says it 's not easy to reach the few days . "	the whole point of what 's happening in iran , " says one of the u .	n . says it is " a final [UNK] .
the technology would work in a plane away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude .	there are new calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software .
gov . chris [UNK] on tuesday that the state will " fix " the religious freedom law , he says .	[UNK] it 's not all people who dislike the law hate of the lgbt community .
paul [UNK] the u.s. is the time of the year when christians the world over - - more than 2 billion of us , he says .	he says iraq 's nineveh plain has been emptied of the ancient christianity community .
muhammadu buhari , 72 , came to power in the country 's election , it was by force .	it was the biggest economy and most populous country in africa; it is the biggest .
furious 7 is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend .	the movie is also poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 .
gov . david stivers " it 's going to be a thing of the [UNK] , " says gov .	jerry brown . "	we're in a new era , " state officials say . "	wasteful agriculture is literally sucking california [UNK] .
the mcdonald 's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90 , 000 .	fast - food cooks and other companies need to stop trying to prevent their workers from speaking out together in a union .
u.s. president barack obama says " things can't get worse than they are so , " he says . "	it 's a fresh start , " a new year song says .
fans of lucille ball want her statue removed from a park in celoron , new york .	mayor scott schrecengost has gone on record saying he does not care for the statue .	the statue replaced with a new one .
dilkhayot saidakhmetov , a 30 - year - old fourth man , is a fourth man in the u.s. .	the fourth man has been charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization .	he was arrested last month .
the moon slipped into earth 's shadow at 4:58 a .	m . et saturday .	the eclipse is the third in a four - part series of four - year lunar eclipse .	nasa says lunar eclipse is a " tetrad .
queen elizabeth ii is running out for britons to vote for a new prime minister .	the election could result in the handing of power from david cameron 's conservative government to the queen .
dozens of turks were injured in the collapse of istanbul 's busiest subway stations .	the prime minister did not rule out the possibility of a terror attack .	the government 's explanation of the voting rigging was caused by a cat .
ferguson 's top court clerk and two police officers were found in a u.s. attorney general 's report .	the emails were discovered in the city 's police and judicial system .
getty 's death " appears to be natural ( causes ) or an accident " .	some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home .	gordon getty , 81 , has a net worth of $2 .	1 billion , according to forbes .
co - pilot andreas j .	[UNK] people with mental illness are no more violent than the rest of the world . "	we need to learn more about to what it 's [UNK] .
prince harry is known in the british army as " captain harry wales " .	the 30 - year - old will be spending four weeks with the country 's military .	australian military officials say the prince 's program with them .
kamron taylor , the 23 - year - old , was convicted of the murder of a man in chicago .	the suspect ran off in kankakee county , illinois , in chicago , chicago .
kenya 's rapid response team was stuck in nairobi for hours after massacre began , arranging for transport .	al - shabaab , an al qaeda - linked militant group based in somalia , has claimed responsibility for the university attack .	kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in garissa could be attacked .
mike premeau and kathy danke launched a small business , memories gourmet pizza co .	they grew a base of loyal customers .	but all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , which made national headlines .
a 71 - year old man and a 64 - year - old woman have been arrested in australia .	at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in queensland bush .	greyhound racing industry has been under intense scrutiny .
the flight data recorder was found retrieved from the 27 - year - old 's apartment in dusseldorf .	the co - pilot used the controls to speed up the plane 's descent , the prosecutor says .
the 30 - year - old prince is due to arrive in australia for a four - week stint with the armed forces .	he has already spent time with the australian military in 2005 .
25 - year - old died in police custody 15 days ago .	the 25 - year - old died in police custody 15 days ago .	his death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the baltimore police department .
the remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the university of veterinary medicine vienna . "	the partly excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle , " archaeozoologist alfred galik says .	the ottoman army had a " camelry , " using camels for transportation and to ride .
two suspects have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of a prison .	two florida corrections officers and one ex - inmate are charged with a murder .
negotiators have until the end to june to work out of the country 's nuclear program .	the first - floor terrace on the shores of lake geneva , lausanne is one of the most scenic places to be trapped for talks .
this page includes the show transcript .	use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .	at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news .	you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn vs news roll call .
missouri national guard prepared to deploy to help quell riots in ferguson , missouri .	the grand jury declined to indict wilson in the case .	the national guard is concerned about perceptions of its mission .
australian foreign minister says deal is " an sophisticated arrangement " .	the coalition has agreed to share some of its intelligence with iran .	the deal was announced in an interview on monday .
the 110 - day cat - and - mouse chase ended in the gulf of the coast of west africa .	the crew of an alleged poaching vessel was handed over to sao paulo .
somalia 's president calls the attack " an " an attack against the future of our country " .	al - shabaab claims responsibility for the attack in the attack , the u.s. says .
jason zobott walks into huntley high school in suburban chicago around 7:30 a .	m . zobott is enrolled in huntley high 's blended learning program .	zobott days , one - third of the school 's 2 , .
hey man , he says with a smoker 's rasp and a nod that indicates he knows you have been looking for him .	the 65 - year - old has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that killed a new mexico police officer .
guinness world records have died at the age of 117 .	okawa , okawa , passed away wednesday morning in osaka , japan .	okawa was passed away behind three children , four grandchildren .
" we ask for peace and freedom for the many refugees , " he says .	he says the u.s. " we collaborate with them , " the drug dealers , corrupt officials say .	the pope turned to economic oppression: , he says , " we .
duke chapel , close to where the noose was hung , hundreds of people gathered .	duke university is a private college with about 15 , 000 students in durham , north a .	m . says .
a u.s. citizen with alleged ties to al qaeda did not enter a plea during his court appearance .	he 's accused of conspiring to provide material support to american terrorists .
most students slept in their beds in a quarry near the somali border .	the attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus .	the gunmen separated the students by religion and allowed muslims to leave .
houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern yemeni port city of aden , a neutral security official says .	yemeni special forces , considered pro - houthi and loyal to former president ali abdullah saleh .	u.s. navy warships , meanwhile , were patrolling off yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region .
a new york judge says the social media site is a " acceptable way " for a brooklyn woman .	he has been trying to divorce her husband for several years , according to a court documents .	blood - dzraku refuses to participate in a divorce .
this page includes the show transcript .	use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .	at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news .	you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn vs news roll call .
cameron , miliband and farage tied first with 21% and sturgeon close behind on 20% .	miliband 25 , cameron 24 , cameron , labour and conservatives combined took 97% of the votes .	labour 's labour , conservatives , cameron and david cameron tied first .
this page includes the show transcript .	use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .	at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news .	you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn vs news roll call .
the camel owners are sitting on the floor , eating the a'aish , a traditional arabic dish of fish and rice .	the camel racing begins to open up to us .	the camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money .
more than 200 nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago .	charles alasholuyi was one of those people to plead for their safe return .	he says he doesn't want anyone to forget about them .
the 30 - year - old russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig - hoffman disease .	canavero says he can't get a platform to hear what he has to say .
gregory margolin was a 16 - year - old commander in the middle of a war in ukraine .	he was a sniper who rose to be a ukrainian jewish commander in eastern ukraine .	margolin 's family lives in ukraine , but his family lives .
a u.s. expert says other nations must prepare for the death of the rebels .	yemen is a bitter enemy of the houthi faction , which is believed to be supported by iran .	yemen has been descending into chaos in the past since houthi .
al - shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of mogadishu .	two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two - story building .	the gunmen detonated their bomb and sprayed bullets at a hotel .
wladimir klitschko has an ukrainian democratic defense coming up .	klitschko is the reigning ibf , wba , wbo and ibo champion .	klitschko has led the heavyweight democratic division in the 21st century .
ray hinton is 58 years old , but in many ways , he is new to the world .	the 58 - year - old spent 30 years on alabama 's death row in 2014 .
the scandinavian nation is set to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely .	the move will spur innovation in the future of the country 's cost of digital transmission .
a new study suggests that the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera .	marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879 after he received 25 crates of bones found in the yale peabody museum of diplodocids .
the point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in dc and more importantly , doug hughes says .	the 61 - year - old took off in his self - description matches , he says .
rio de janeiro has launched an investigation into the causes of death both in the lagoon .	the incident occurred in the boat and in other lakes and bays in the state of the incident .
the teen 's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes ' " history of non - compliance " .	stokes carjacked someone at a mall , kicked in the door of a home in roswell , georgia , and fired a shot at an elderly woman .
tens of thousands of people have fled their homes in aden , the u .	n . official says .	houthis have been killed in the past two weeks , according to a source .
swangard was diagnosed in 2013 with a rare form of metastatic cancer .	he has been diagnosed with a spleen and gallbladder .	swangard is diagnosed in november with a brain cancer in 2013 .
stephen blair 's mother is accused of killing her then 13 - year - old daughter , stoni ann blair , and her son .	the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer .
the meatrix , a 2003 animation parody based on " the matrix " .	it 's an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement .	factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat .
keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982 .	snl cast members taran killam and bobby moynihan begged the actor with a song to " play " batman and beetlejuice with them .
the 750 - year - old collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century .	bacall , who died in august 2014 , was shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , " to have and a [UNK] .
taylor sat in an illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder .	the 23 - year - old , who was set to be sentenced in may , is now is anybody 's guess .	taylor beat up the guard , put on his uniform and took his keys .
london 's hatton garden area in the heart of london over the past holiday weekend .	hatton garden safe deposit ltd says it is home to " the largest and most concentrated cluster of jewellery retailers in london " .
ayatollah khomeini famously said he was " drinking poison " when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight - year - old war with iraq .	the war had helped define khomeini 's regime , the islamic republic , which he had founded a year before saddam hussein invaded iran .	he has defied the west in the face of increasing economic pressure .
the unemployment toll in south africa is 25% , a government official says .	seven people have been killed in the violence against poorer immigrants , many from south africa 's neighbors .	similar violence happened in johannesburg , south africa .
south africa marks the anniversary of the first post - apartheid protests in south africa .	south africa has one of the worst attacks against african migrants in the u.s. .	[UNK] the question of how the totality of the contact , competition and conflict .
snakes and scorpions , rats , flamingos , vase sponges , black bears and mosquitoes .	this is the folly of man , and the cost of redemption - - like the florida everglades .
the new york detective has been suspended after being charged with stealing $3 , 000 during an illegal cigarettes raid .	the detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes , police say .
david frum: u.s. should not be reliant on russian technology , he says .	he says u .	n . should reinforce the need for a change in our current course .
providenciales in the turks and caicos is tripadvisor 's latest pick for the world 's top island .	it was quite a tumble for the belize island .	the list is the top 10 islands for two years .
paul [UNK] the idea of sustainable development is a juggernaut for its own good .	he says the reality is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed , he says .	[UNK] the world economy has expanded at least a decade .
a new campaign for the 800 , 000 children who have been displaced in northeast nigeria , using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood .	the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls .
two african - americans are elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday .	three of the six council members are black , five of the african - american community .	the calls for change will have been in vain .
the u.s. , britain , france , france , iran , iran , germany , russia and china .	the united states , a joint comprehensive plan of action , will be a referendum on rouhani 's foreign policy .
three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the city of saravan , the state media reports .	jaish al adal has claimed responsibility for the attack , according to pakistani media .
the " star wars " was one of the first " star awakens " fan .	the movie will take place in sunday 's " episode [UNK] " a " star one " movie .	the film is a " rogue [UNK] .
a investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 has not revealed evidence of andreas lubitz 's motive .	the co - pilot andreas lubitz , 27 , passed his annual pilot 's license , a spokesman says .
we're winning is a phrase that believes lgbt people should have the same rights as their heterosexual/cisgender counterparts .	he says the name of the california proposal would legalize killing gay people .
sea of masked men flooding into the streets of one the world 's most beleaguered places .	besieged and bombed by syrian forces for more than two years , the desperate residents of this palestinian refugee camp near damascus awoke in early april to a new , even more terrifying reality - - isis militants seizing yarmouk after defeating several militia groups operating in the area .	the islamic state is now in control of almost all the camp .
a year ago , the u.s. put the death toll at 70 , 000 in a year 's time .	the number of syrians in need of immediate life - saving donations .
the study 's authors have named it the " great cannon , " and it operates in plain sight .	the cannon wrecked two online services with ddos attacks in march .	the device could replace genuine attachments with malicious files , for example .
rebel leader abdul - malik al - houthi says weeks of airstrikes had significantly weakened the shiite group .	the rebel leader says he 's yemen 's legitimate leader is working with the saudis .
israeli citizen was killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack wednesday night near hebrew university in jerusalem .	israel police spokesman micky rosenfeld said a 37 - year - old arab motorist from east jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop in the french hill section of the city .
oleg kalashnikov , a former member of parliament , was shot dead in his home .	he was a member of the party of regions , the former ruling party in ukraine .	police are investigating the death as a murder , a source says .
more than 200 nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago .	charles alasholuyi was one of those people to plead for their safe return .	he says he doesn't want anyone to forget about them .
around 2 million people will be able to benefit from the same sex .	the law is intended to end same - law , relationships between two people and a woman .	the number of south american couples will take effect in six months .
u . n . official: " we are not [UNK] " in yemen , the u.s. official says . "	they are ready for them , " the united nations says .
ailina tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev .	she was charged with marijuana possession and intent to distribute the threats .	she is charged with aggravated harassment , which she denies .
the u.s. embassy in somalia says al - shabaab is a somali group that killed 70 people .	the group has been blamed for attacks in somalia that killed international aid workers .
banksy says he was seized by police in gaza after a dispute over its sale .	he says he sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children .	banksy has offers for banksy 's portrait of a cat .
a u.s. soldier is the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in the history , he says .	he says it 's the threat of the death of right - wing extremists .
university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down .	university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down .	using the hashtag #rhodesmustfall , students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month .
paramedics were stretched to the limit and in cambridge .	they were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital .	ambulance crews in london had 3 , 000 calls for assault and revellers .
david moore , 25 , went berserk with road rage after leaving his home only to immediately find himself nose - to - nose on a heavily congested street with rafal cegielka , 45 , who was picking up his child fromst john 's primary school , in burnley , lancashire .	burnley magistrates ' court heard that the pair had both wound down their car windows , when moore then jumped out of his vehicle .
georgia will discover on may 21 if september 's euro 2016 qualifier with georgia will be played behind closed doors .	uefa has announced it has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation ( gff ) after fans twice invaded the field of play during sunday 's 2 - 0 defeat by germany in tbilisi .	european football 's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches .
spain coach vicente del bosque fielded an experimental side at the amsterdam arena withiniesta , who started on the bench , entering the fray in the 76th minute to chorus of jeering and boos from the home fans .	spain midfielderandres iniesta controls the ball during his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by holland on tuesday night ' it 's a disgrace , ' said hiddink .
april 1 is due to place a link on its website for intermediaries to register .	the fa , premier league and football league have been discussing how best to become a football player .
spain 's 2 - 0 defeat by holland beat spain 3 - 0 by holland on tuesday .	gerard pique was given a start by vicente del bosque 's side .	spain are the first team to inflict a third straight defeat .
simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover .	the 27 - year - old has been in impressive form since october .	mignolet has scored four goals in the premier league games .
giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south on tuesday .	footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground .	despite it being around 80 - degrees , the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat .
cska sofia 's latvian goalkeeper maksims uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent .	but despite the financial problems , uvarenko , who joined the bulgarian club on an 18 - month contract in january , has been impressed by the ' unique ' fans and their passionate support .
ulrike berger , 44 , is believed to have boarded a plane from new york to germany .	the 44 - year - old girl was dropped off for a weekend visit to europe .
nine members of the liana 's ransom were scooped by coast guard life boats on tuesday , leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland , massachusetts .	the boat was towed to kittery point yacht yard in eliot , massachusetts , on tuesday .
detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin , the detroit free pressreports .	gruesome: miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly didn't suffer any damage to his eyesight .
12 - year - old boy was on top of a car and yelling at the time and an ambulance was called to take him to the hospital .	the boy was crying out for help .
rahul kumar , 17 , fell into the lions ' enclosure at a zoo in the zoo .	he fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions and shouting ' today i kill a lion! '	mr kumar fell into moat and could be rescued by security .
about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the road in sal , new york .	the video shows the moment the video was taken from a car .	one of the back doors is left open and the van is seen crashing down .
hina shamim , 20 , was knocked down and was pronounced dead at the scene .	the 21 - year - old was taken to hospital with five children aged the age of four and 16 .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one - man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium .	the 20 - year - old is facing a potential three - year ban after running onto the pitch .
dorset police are treating the fire as much as much of it is on a hillside and water .	firefighters said they are treating fire as suspicious and have run off down the slope .	the area is a site of special scientific interest .
michael thorpe , 55 , was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in 2012 .	he said he could not afford to pay sky tv 's rates for football matches .
the wildlife was captured in the kruger national park in south africa with its family by a small pool of water .	the area is home to 147 different types of mammals , the area .
andy hutchinson described the sight as a ' beautiful supernatural scene ' caused by millions of planktonomitting light .	a similar display was shown in sydney 's manly beach back in august 2014 where an oceanography expert told daily mail australia there was no need to be concerned about the algae .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one - man pitch invasion in fa cup 3 - 0 quarter - final replay win over bradford city last month .	sumner , from wokingham , berkshire , said going to his first game was a ' brilliant experience ' .	despite facing a potential three - year ban , he said he had no regrets about the incident .
filipe luis says he wants to stay at the club until the end of his contract .	the full back signed a three - year contract with atletico madrid .	filipe luis insists he wants the club to cope with the problem .
england have been drawn with the republic of ireland , holland and italy .	john peacock 's young lions are the defending european champions .	they will have to advance to the quarter - finals in the tournament .
cracks in the structure of the west stand were spotted on tuesday morning and the area was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment of the damage .	northern ireland 's windsor park is currently scheduled to be played at windsor park .
the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school , in houston on tuesday .	the mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online .
photographer yki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po - faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air .	images are from the 37 - year - old 's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man .
brittany huber and john redman were to wed last may , a horrific car crash on a georgia highway killed the young bride and left her fiance clinging to life .	redman survived , but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home , confined to a wheelchair .
the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams , who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand .	the school reportedly won't say why the teens were stopped and frisked .
the passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand .	he sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint .	he said he was embarrassed by the ' idiot ' driver 's actions .
the robbery took place at 12 .	30pm at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater , cardiff .	detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect , who is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black .
leicester city beat leicester 2 - 0 in the premier league on march 4 .	the new zealand defender has been out of action since he was injured .	west ham lost 1 - 0 to leicester in the last two games .
lucas leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years after recovering from injury .	steven gerrard 's return to fitness could not have come at a more opportune .
stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of asmir begovic as the goalkeeper approaches the final year of his contract .	the bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium .	his current deal has just over 12 months to run , scholes believes they can match the 27 - year - old 's ambitions .
jason denayer has impressed on loan at celtic this season .	the 19 - year - old is ready to challenge for a place at celtic next season .	denayer has been tipped to partner belgium team - mate .
morocco was expelled from the african cup of nations that was imposed by the confederation of africa .	the north - african nation was disqualified from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $1 million by the caf .	the court of arbitration for sport has lifted morocco 's ban from the next two weeks .
dalian wanda group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of spanish champions atletico madrid .	the deal was initially announced in january but two egms were needed in order to ratify the deal .
bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league 's substance abuse .	bell was charged with marijuana possession and was fined with marijuana .	bell will also be charged with a game .
rangers host rangers in the premier league on saturday night .	the 34 - year - old says his side will struggle to play with a game less .	hibs are favourites to finish second in the final day of the season .
italy host italy in 1 - 1 draw against italy on tuesday night .	italy required a late goal from eder to a 1 - 2 draw against bulgaria .	claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the friendly match .
england beat italy 3 - 1 at the emirates stadium in italy on tuesday night .	andros townsend scored england 's equaliser in their 1 - 1 friendly draw with italy in turin .	the 23 - year - old has yet to reach the heights he scaled .
clip , uploaded to facebook today , show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of african descent .	the woman then appears in her neighbour 's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar , verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them .
deva joseph , 14 , was reduced to tears at london stansted airport .	teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one .
gordon robson , 26 , killed grandfather john potts , 45 , in the back of the head so hard there was an ' audible crack ' before he fell down dead .	robson , who has a history of violent offending , was jailed for just three and a half years for the attack .
the chyknell hall estate was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since .	it is thought the regency home could now attract a - list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy .
borussia dortmund beat hannover 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	jurgen klopp says it is not his biggest threat .	bayern munich and bayern munich are also involved in the past .
gary locke has been given the job on a permanent basis after signing a three - year contract .	the 39 - year - old will speak at a press conference on friday morning .
30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis .	professor hillman said the eight hours per night does not need to be functional for the entire week .	the eight hour per night can be paid back to avoid an error rate in alertness .
edward west , 59 , allegedly threatened two girls with a gun on a parking lot .	the boys were arrested and charged with harassment , assault and unlawful use of a weapon .	the mystery rider has been charged with west pushing the boys with a handgun .
ellen white awarded a free kick on the edge of the box , laura bassett and alex greenwood appeared to mess things up .	white also missed a penalty which would have made it 2 - 0 .
manchester city , arsenal and chelsea are interested in signing luke shaw .	the 19 - year - old is currently first choice for the spain under - 21s .	sportsmail 's pete jenson takes a look at the under 21 .
vlaar starred in holland 's run to the world cup in brazil last year .	the 30 - year - old is out of contract with louis van gaal in the summer .	vlaar played a starring role in the semi - finals in brazil this year .	vlaar has only made 12 .
the girls of the 27th march huizhou integrated high school are being trained by former special forces solider inspector tan .	each of the girls involved in the high - intensity knife - fighting session , according to instructor .
the five - year - old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old .	the pint - sized player scored a succession of hoops in china .
rotherham beat birmingham 3 - 0 in the sky bet win at birmingham .	robert tesche and clayton donaldson had led through first - half goals .	rotherham boss steve evans scored a hat - trick for rotherham .
aston villa host aston villa on saturday in the premier league on saturday .	tim sherwood says he is not concerned by talks with a prospective buyer .	villa are three points above the relegation zone in aston villa .
fraser forster suffered knee surgery after falling awkwardly in 2 - 0 win over burnley .	forster suffered a serious knee injury in southampton 's match with burnley .	kelvin davis will wait for further updates on forster 's condition .
jason denayer has been playing for celtic in the premier league this season .	the 19 - year - old is currently on loan at the club in the summer of the season .	manuel pellegrini has confirmed the club are interested in the academy .
celtic were thrashed by tottenham in a pre - season friendly last summer .	the norwegian blamed last summer 's money - spinning programme of games in the united states , austria , germany .
virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic but wasn't rewarded with a call - up to the holland national team van dijk 's last year .	celtic boss ronny deila denies this , using jason denayers belgium debut against israel by way of counter argument .
celtic have hit out at the scottish cup semi - final at hampden this month .	the game 's governing body has already come under fire from the sfa .	celtic have complained to the sfa over ticket prices for the semi - finals .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league quarter - finals later this month .	the 22 - year - old was injured while playing for austria in their 1 - 1 draw against bosnia .	david alaba was in superb form for bayern this season .
gary locke was asked to take charge until the end of the season .	the 39 - year - old was given a three - year deal at the tynecastle club .	kilmarnock will have a 3 - year contract .
rangers will be forced to be able to delist from the alternative investment market .	the ibrox outfit have not been able to secure a new nominated advisor .	murray insists the new boards plans for the future will be unaffected .
england beat italy 1 - 1 in the world cup on tuesday night .	wayne rooney and his england team - mates were upset by the sloppy , uninspired way they started in the first half .	rooney said he and the rest of the england players were upset after their first half performance .
dundee united supporters say they are ' shocked ' that 25 per cent of 6 .	3m worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld , andrew robertson , stuart armstrong and gary thompson - steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties .	dundee united have hit back at criticism from supporters by pointing to their on the club .
jason denayer is out of contract at the end of the season .	he has attracted the attention of sunderland and southampton .	van dijk is expected to return to parent club manchester city .
darren cole has been mourning the loss of shaun cole , 22 , who was found dead in a miami street last weekend .	the 23 - year - old is thought to have been the victim of a hit - and - run driver .	he is hopeful that midfielder darren cole will turn out for his side on sunday .
tilse , 30 , is a like replacement for michael weyman and ryan bailey .	tilse will have a two - and - a - half - year contract .	he will link up with his former canberra team - mate terry campese , the new hull kr captain .
police discovered marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb in the northern territory .	the stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold .	police said the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin .
liverpool lost 1 - 0 to their fa cup in the fa cup on the day of the match .	the dislocated ankle was a broken leg and a ' dislocated ankle ' .	the incident occurred after the incident at anfield in 2006 .
davon durant was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend of 18 months , kelsi langley , claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car march 7 .	following his arrest , durant , a five - star recruit , was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion .
the 51 - year - old boy wore a red shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number on the back .	the pitcher tweeted a photo of himself in front of a boy wearing a dark blue shirt .	the boy was uploaded to his more than 40 , 000 instagram followers .
de bruyne spent his two years at chelsea on loan at bayern munich .	the 23 - year - old has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league 's assist charts with 16 seven more than the next best .	de bruyne has been linked with wolfsburg 's eden hazard .
eden hazard was substituted with 28 minutes into belgium 's win over israel .	the 24 - year - old was sent off for a second yellow card within two minutes .	hazard has played 48 games for chelsea this season .
gemma carlisle said he had ' moved out of the marital home ' .	he shared with his wife of 14 years after he was arrested on suspicion of drink - driving .	mr carlisle tried to kill himself in december .
cesc fabregas was one of the worst players on the pitch again in his country 's 2 - 0 defeat by holland on tuesday .	the 27 - year - old has struggled since he was given just four out of 10 - out of the last - half of the season in the premier league .	jose mourinho is now on track to break the record for chelsea .
tottenham beat tottenham 1 - 1 in their premier league clash on tuesday .	merson said he was wrong to criticise the england call - up for the england squad last week .	andros townsend scored england 's goal in the premier league last season .	sky sports pundit paul merson said townsend was wrong .
michael mcindoe played for bristol city and wolverhampton wanderers .	but he was declared bankrupt in october last year with more than 2m , 000 .	he was known as ' mr big ' in marbella , where he partied with glamorous girls .	he is now being chased through the courts by creditors .
britons spend an average of 62 a week on rewarding themselves , with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today .	treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine to designer clothes and shoes .
five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning in the departure zone of the south coast port , according to the force 's twitter feed .	four of the men , all in their 20s , are from birmingham , west midlands , while a 26 - year - old woman of no fixed abode were also held .	searches are taking place at a number of addresses in birmingham and police say the arrests are part of an on - going investigation .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j .	brown dam and reservoir in springfield , ohio , on saturday afternoon .	footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending two hours in watershoveringaround , ohio .
qpr take on west brom in the premier league on the day of the season .	the striker has been touted as a ' possible england ' debutant in the future .	the 25 - year - old says qpr can't afford to lose the striker .
arsene wenger 's side are interested in homegrown players in the premier league squad of 25 from eight to the world in the world of competition .	arsene wenger says he is a ' disciple of adam smith ' on the issue of quotas for the top of the squad for the first time in a premier league match .
the video was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria , begins with the man approaching his black holden ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent .	the spider drops onto road and retreats .
27 - year - old had made a heartfelt appeal on saturday in a bid to track down the young rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at anz stadium in sydney .	the rugby league player had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised after the controversial clash .
statue of hometown icon lucile ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years .	the town unveiled a statue of ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror .	the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ' we love lucy!	</s> get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes .
nathan hughton scores twice as norwich beat norwich 2 - 1 in the premier league .	steven hughton scores his low cross in the pitch for six minutes .	steven whittaker scored the equaliser for the first time in six games .
james oliver , 48 , was allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier .	oliver currier allegedly hit him with a serious knee injury .	he was arrested on suspicion of assault and charged with attempted assault .
juventus are 14 points clear of roma at the top of serie a table .	france 's paul pogba has been an integral part of the juventus side .	juventus host empoli in the premier league .
harry kane was an argentina player who played for italian club roma .	mauricio pochettino wants kane to continue his international development with the under 21s this summer .	england boss roy hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check .
barcelona are interested in signing lionel messi in the quarter - finals .	nedved believes that lionel messi is currently in the greatest form of his career asked for his opinion on the past few months .
real madrid have been linked with a move for real madrid goalkeeper .	the 25 - year - old has been wanted by a number of clubs including liverpool and psg .	brendan rodgers ' agent stefano neto is also wanted by psg and clubs .
a 31 - year - old driver has been cited for the crash .	a wheel even comes off before the car finally smashing into the car .	the sports car swerves through a green light .
hughes was jailed for 16 months after pleading guilty to stealing 17 , 000 .	he spent the money on a stag holiday in las vegas , where he was sentenced to 16 months .
lee cattermole will return to the starting line - up for sunday 's premier league clash with newcastle .	sunderland are unbeaten in their last six premier league games against newcastle united ( stadium ) .	massadio haidara will miss the rest of the season .
rory mcilroy has released a series of his career grand slam by winning the masters .	the northern irishman will be a life - long journey for the world 's best golfer .	the video has been chronicling the masters on april 9 .
sergio garcia says he is focused on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 .	the 35 - year - old has won the world 's top 10 in hoylake last month .	the golf club of houston is set up to try to replicate some of the masters .
johnny sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with racing metro this season short of helping ireland to win the world cup later this year .	sexton has featured in 11 knock - out games in continental rugby and won the lot .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on the day of the cricket world cup .	india has influenced the outcome of the world cup quarter - final against india .	kamal presents india 's virat kohli with a man of the match .
burnley beat italy 3 - 0 in their euro 2016 qualifier in their premier league clash in the premier league on sunday .	the wales team - mate sam vokes scored against tottenham in the third round of the fa cup .
west ham face leicester at the king power stadium on saturday .	nigel pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season .	sam allardyce has defended pearson and says he is ' his own man ' in february .
newcastle have lost the last four games against their north - east rivals sunderland on sunday .	john carver says he will ' whip ' his players to play in a premier league fixture at the stadium of light .	moussa carver will take charge of his second game in the derby .
newcastle are in 18th place in the premier league on 24 points .	john cisse is the top scorer this season with a 11 - goal goal .	newcastle languish in the relegation zone in relegation zone .
john o'shea 's side face west ham at the stadium of light on sunday .	john o'shea says it is a ' case of a case of getting the three points ' .	jermain defoe and jermain defoe scored in the previous game .
stoke boss mark hughes says his side must end their barren run at chelsea frank lampard ( right ) celebrates as chelsea beat stoke 3 - 0 on their most recent visit to stamford bridge adding to that in saturday 's 5 .	30pm clash at the stadium certainly looks a tall order - leaders chelsea have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season .
lee cattermole has missed the last two games through suspension .	the 27 - year - old was unavailable for the dutchman 's first game in charge .	lee cattermole will welcome back lee cattermole .
celtic face celtic in the premier league on sunday in the champions league .	ronny deila 's champions league is the first time in the world rankings .	the last one of the europa league secured a tie with celtic .
celta vigo beat celta vigo 1 - 0 in la liga on sunday .	the barcelona forward has been training since his la liga match .	the games have to be played in the premier league .
neil redfearn is understood to have been suspended until the end of the season .	steve redfearn is under pressure not to renew his deal at the club .	redfearn has been suspended by the club president .
robbie neilson is on a list of potential replacements for jason denayer and virgil van dijk .	robbie neilson insists he will only leave hearts if he is satisfied it 's right for the club .
david templeton said he was ' lacking under the right way ' .	the former motherwell manager has been on a short - term deal last month .	the hibs have won the change in the premier league .
west ham face leicester at the king power stadium on saturday .	nigel pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season .	sam allardyce has defended pearson and says he is ' his own man ' in february .
31 - year - old argentinian has appeared as a substitute in each of the magpies ' last three games following his return from testicular cancer .	he has finished on the losing side on each occasion and is desperate to bounce back from an unprecedented four successive defeats by their arch - rivals at the stadium of light on sunday .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr .	the 25 - year - old has been training with the championship club this week .	piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .
theo walcott could be on the way out of arsenal in the near future .	the arsenal legend has made just five starts since returning from a serious knee injury .	gunners legend ian wright says it would be ' a shame ' for the gunners .
raheem sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at the club .	the 20 - year - old has been offered a 100 , 000 - a - week deal to stay with the merseyside club .	sterling has signed for a year after being offered a more - time deal for the reds .
england will not be playing in the under 19 european championships this summer .	young lions had to beat france in saint - lo to advance to july 's finals in greece but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet put the hosts in command and a late response from fulham 's patrick roberts .
everton host everton in saturday 's 1 - 1 draw at goodison park .	the 21 - year - old has replaced theo walcott in the second half .	roberto martinez wants to become an even more influential player for everton .
tony pulis said west brom has ' gone off the rails ' in recent seasons .	west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke .	pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market .
kevin sinfield has been warned he will be a ' target ' at the end of the season .	former england captain kevin sinfield is set to join the super league title .	leeds beat france 2 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday .
rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18 - 17 victory over the bulldogs .	fans turned on refereegerard sutton and his colleagues after they penalised bulldogs captainjames graham in the final minute .	referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time , a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse .
the clip , which was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans , is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough .	many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like , ' i hate the homeless , i dont feel sorry for you , ' and ' i saw a homeless girl .
brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent .	the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players .
george boyd is the barclays premier league 's hardest working player .	boyd is second in the top 10 runners - up in the premier league .	boyd has clocked up 210 .	5 miles on the pitch this season .	the burnley player is the top working player in the list .
brazilian midfielder sent off for internacional after a first - half off - the - ball shove onypiranga erechim striker otacilio neto that also saw his opponent sent off for retaliating with an elbow .	but fortunately for anderson , his colleaguefabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans and becoming the third player to be shown the red card , reducing internacional to nine men in porto alegre .
raheem sterling admitted in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool .	the 20 - year - old has been made what manager brendan rodgers described as ' an incredible offer' , believed to be 100 , 000 - a - week , but negotiations have ended in stalemate .
a 25 - year - old man , 25 , and mother , 22 , have been arrested on suspicion of murder .	police were called to the home at the home in birmingham .
owner , lindsay castro , were hiking on the jurupa hills trail in fontana , canada , on thursday when they heard a rattling sound .	the snake bit dug in the face , and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size .	the snake bit dug in the face , and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size .
the seven - year - old boy was raped and set on fire on fire by two youths .	the youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him .	the boy , who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body , is now on fire .
harvey boulter forced liam fox to resign as defence secretary .	fox resigned from cabinet in 2011 after he revealed details of how foxs close friend , businessman adam werritty , accompanied him on sky tv .
jose mourinho could return to take charge of real madrid one day .	the chelsea manager ended his three - year spell in madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013 , leaving the spanish capital amid rumours of bust - ups with senior players .	but right back arbeloa , who has made 25 first - team appearances this season , says real 's door will never be closed to bringing the combustible portuguese coach back as boss .
paddy morrall noticed the full - length christ on a snapped scaffolding board in inverness , scotland , on wednesday the son of god appeared wearing a robe after the joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours .	the 31 - year - old builder , from bradford , has kept the board .
the 44 - page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc .	the face of popular stars such as smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media .	the corporation used a ' sad face ' emoticon to describe the death of the world 's oldest woman .
inter milan beat inter milan in 1 - 1 draw by bottom - of - the - table parma .	roberto mancini is furious at his players ' no rest at easter .	inter milan shocked inter milan players ' day off on sunday .
liverpool are unlikely to reach the top four after losing to arsenal 4 - 1 at the emirates on saturday .	the manager 's 15 - minute press conference , where he conceded that his team 's chances of qualifying for the champions league were over , was a requiem for lost opportunities .	rodgers did his best to stay upbeat .
the expired passport was listed on ebay for 5 , 000 .	the item was belonging to the seller who was open to negotiation .	the seller was listed for playing right back in ebay .
the 20 - year - old beat slovakia 1 - 0 in the first half in the second half .	ondrej duda scored a second international goal in the 49th minute .	the czechs have won five games in the early stages of the match .
karim benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season .	real madrid host real madrid in paris on sunday .	cristiano ronaldo has picked up the 20 goals for real madrid .
sheffield wednesday 's atdhe bus opened the scoring in a 1 - 1 draw .	the hosts had a chance to win in their last seven games and 18th in the table .	david edgar scored a goal as a substitute in the first half minutes later .
brentford beat fulham 4 - 1 in the premier league on monday .	stuart warburton has scored two goals in the last five years .	the 23 - year - old impressed for northern ireland in the week .	it was three years ago when dallas was spotted by warburton .
crash happened on warringah road in frenchs forest , which is thought to be worth over $120 , 000 .	all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution .	the crash occurred on easter sunday night on warringah .
senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , askedellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom .	moses , who volunteers with learning disabilities , surprised her during her p .	e . class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: ' let 's party like it 's 1989 ' - a reference to an album by taylor swift .
images show intrepid residents from zibo village in zibo city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws .	villagers from lijin village in china have little understanding of the dangers .
favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people 's likes and breaking down winners by county the new york yankees .	the toronto blue jays can also claim almost all of canada , though the yankees and red sox are also favorites in some areas .
the president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12 - second impersonation .	he was filmed as part of the west wing week youtube series , which chronicled the netflix show .
phi delta theta openly condemned eaves ' actions and expelled him from the fraternity .	the stunt could see him charged with felony animal cruelty a censored picture of the hamster 's head and front arms shared exclusively with dailymail .	com via snapchat elite family: his stepfather is john arthur eaves jr , pictured with his mother angel eaves .
john bramblitt , 42 , lost his sight 12 years ago at the age of 12 years old .	the 42 - year - old was able to reconnect with an incredible number of brilliant people .
sixth - form student silhan ozcelik , 18 , went missing from her kurdish familys home in north london last october , while she was still only 17 .	the old bailey head how ozcelik travelled on the eurostar with another man to stuttgart , germany , where the kurdish workers party ( pkk ) youth movement have its headquarters .
obraniak obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem .	obraniak had to be substituted during his game against poland on saturday .	obraniak was replaced by a suspected 30 - minute suspension .
everton face qpr at the hawthorns on saturday in the premier league on saturday .	the queens park rangers boss knows that his own tactical acumen is the reason he is one of the best coaches in the country .
patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualification .	former holland forward and assistant coach patrick kluivert scored 2 - 3 on aggregate .	curacao drew 2 - 2 in a second - leg match against cuba in the next round .
former world no 1 confirms he will return to the venue for the first time .	woods has not featured in the pga tour since february 5 .	woods said he was not impressed by the event he has won .
dougie fife , alasdair lawes and ross ford were all smiles .	dougie lawes and david denton are all rested for the competition .	the rest of the backline remains in place in the european challenge cup .
kumar sangakkara starred in sri lanka 's quarter final win over south africa .	the 37 - year - old waves to the crowd after losing to south africa in sydney .	sangakkara will play for english county side .
moses kipsiro says he has been sexually abusing female athletes .	he says he will have to leave uganda with his wife and children if they fail to investigate his claims .	kipsiro passed details of the death threats to police officers in kampala , uganda .
manchester city beat liverpool 1 - 0 in the premier league last season .	sergio aguero 's injury - time goal is in the top of the table with a game in the last minute .	manchester united beat manchester united in their premier league clash .
swansea will make a late check on ecuador winger jefferson montero .	spurs midfielder tom carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on england under 21 duty and might not play again this season .	gaston ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty .
hull city have reapplied to the football association to have the club name changed to hull .	hull boss steve bruce ahs revealed the club have once again asked fa for permission to change the name of his side .	hull city owner steve bruce has revealed owner assem allam can change the tigers .
leicester city beat leicester city 2 - 0 in the premier league on tuesday .	leicester city midfielder is a former premier league club .	the former argentina international has won the champions league in 2010 .
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid this summer .	the 26 - year - old has been plying his trade with porto and southampton .	oliver [torres] and alderweireld are counting on aldeirwereld .
chelsea beat stoke city 2 - 0 in the premier league clash with stoke .	stoke city host stoke city 1 - 0 at stamford bridge on saturday .	chelsea are currently bottom of premier league games .
garry monk is out to claim a season - first against hull on saturday .	swansea have eight more games to secure the five points in the premier league .	hull are trying to stay away from the bottom of the table .
celtic winger kris commons has a shot on goal during the spl match against st mirren on friday .	celtic boss made four changes from the side which won the last of the four game - off .	the celtic boss was killed off when stefan johansen later converted from the penalty spot .	james forrest was the man whose intervention broke gary teales heart .
hearts beat rangers 2 - 1 on their previous trip to the end of the season .	stuart lancaster 's side face rangers in the premier league on sunday .	rangers have won 2 - 0 up at easter road 12 days ago .
the ex - barcelona and real madrid striker admitted his desire to see the best talent in the world at his club .	ronaldo is a co - owner of second tier united states team , fort lauderdale strikers ' i would pay from my own pocket to sign messi .
inter milan beat empoli 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and roberto pereyra added a 14 - point lead at the top of the table with a 1 - 0 win over empoli .	the turin giants maintained their grip on second place at the stadio olimpico .
ac milan beat empoli 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	miralem pjanic 's goal gave juve a 1 - 0 win over palermo in serie a .	ac milan notched their first away win over sampdoria in the table .
chelsea beat burnley 3 - 1 in their premier league clash in the premier league on saturday .	jose mourinho 's men have only briefly relinquished the title ahead of the game in the summer .
kevin de bruyne has been linked with manchester city and bayern munich .	kevin de koster is one of the hottest prospects in european football since the summer .	bayern munich and manchester city are interested in signing de bruyne .
charles piutau has agreed a two - year deal with new zealand international charles piutau .	the 23 - year - old has won 14 caps for the all blacks , making his test debut against new zealand .	piutau , who can play full back , wing or [UNK] , has played for the national side .
north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months .	george north also knocked out against wasps in 52 - 30 .	north might have been eligible for saturday 's european champions cup .
hull city host hull city in the premier league on saturday .	the 27 - year - old has been out for four months with a knee injury .	the tigers travel to hull on saturday night .
tom carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines in prague .	carroll is on loan from tottenham on loan at swansea .	carroll has made 18 appearances for swansea in the summer .	garry carroll is expected to be out for between four and six weeks .
bayern munich winger limped off against shakhtar donetsk .	ribery is tackled bybraunschweig 's defender benjamin kessel .	bayern also lost fellow winger arjen robben but ribery is hopeful he could be back for the german cup quarter - finals against bayer leverkusen .
philipp lahm , arjen robben , franck ribery and franck ribery have been out of the game .	the bayern munich captain is expected to be out for the rest of the season .	franck ribery , jurgen badstuber and david alaba are among the players .
22 - year - old has scored seven goals in 22 serie a matches so far this season .	spain international has impressed since moving to turin .	he is already worth twice as much as juve .
michael duff is preparing to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday .	the 37 - year - old has played in eight different divisions this term .	the former northern ireland international still intends to prolong his career .
brentford beat fulham 4 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	mark warburton scored brentford 's first - half penalty in the west london derby .	fulham boss kit symons added: ' i'm really pleased .	we are good for our [UNK] .
millwall beat charlton 2 - 1 in the premier league clash in the second half .	charlton beat millwall 2 - 2 at brentford at the bottom of the sky .	chris solly scored the only goal of the penalty in the first half .
more than half the games are set to be hit by the rail shutdown .	the midland , cross country and east anglia were also closed .	there will be no trains for fans wanting to travel to the reading .
natal 's dunas arena is being sold by the fonte nova arena in salvador .	the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at the state - controlled oil company .
a group of u.s. lawmakers are calling for russia to be removed from the 2018 world cup because of its role in the 2026 world cup .	fifa president sepp blatter is expected to be the host of the 2026 tournament in 2017 .	the fa will be the fa president to host the world cup in the ukraine crisis and occupation of england .
mauricio pochettino has confirmed the tottenham striker will be in gareth southgate 's squad for the tournament in the czech republic this summer .	the 21 - year - old is set to travel to australia and malaysia this summer ahead of the european championships .
manchester united beat arsenal 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	sky sports and bt sport 's allocation have been announced in the champions league .	manchester united host arsenal at the emirates on may 2 .
u.s. servicemen who have died in combat vertigo - inducing .	the plane has been restored by father - and - son team bill and scooter yoak as a tribute to american servicemen who died in vertigo .
geraldo alckmin , son of the governor , was one of the victims after a helicopter crashed into a home in the brazilian city .	the crash happened in thecarapicuiba area on the outskirts of sao paulo , the roof of the crash .
car shape originally designed to help french farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the uk .	and it is just as popular across the world from munich to mexico city thanks to its practical design , economy and comfort .
paul townsend was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0 - 0 draw with burnley on sunday .	townsend scored for england against italy in turin on wednesday .	merson hit a stunning call - up to the england squad .
suarez was given a nine - match suspension from international duty .	the 34 - year - old fell to the ground at the end of the world cup game .	the incident was reminiscent of luis suarez 's bite on the mexican league .
almeria have named ex - barcelona star sergi barjuan as their third coach of the season .	the 43 - year - old barjuan replaces juan ignacio martinez , who was shot on sunday , a day after almeria lost 4 - 1 at home to levante .	almeria have also named former barcelona player sergi barjuan .
barcelona beat granada 9 - 1 at the bernabeu in the premier league .	cristiano ronaldo scored five goals against granada , malaga , borussia dortmund , queens park rangers , aston villa , torino and lille .	ronaldo has more goals than 53 teams in europe 's top leagues .
salford red devils beat wigan 24 - 18 in the close - season .	the red devils were hanging onto a 12 - 8 victory over wigan .	jones - bishop struck on the hour to help his club leapfrog wigan .
hull beat hull 28 - 20 in the premier league on tuesday night .	saints beat st helens 28 - 10 at langtree park on thursday .	saints almost hit back from a penalty on 24 minutes .
3 , 000 england fans head to the fa for the first fixture in the centre of turin .	the fa and the fa are the fa of the fa in the fa cup on june 14 .
roy hodgson 's team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for the finals in the premier league on the day of the euro 2016 qualifier against italy .	england 's jordan henderson is the first man in the squad .
the advert has gone viral after it was spotted by a man , known only as john , used it to advertise for a ' way of life with quality ' .	it has since gone viral last week .
henrik larsson was forced to play 42 - year - old kit man in a 22 - year playing career .	daniel andersson scored 0 - 0 against kalmar in the allsvenskan season opener .	andersson made 130 appearances for sweden in 2001 .
former all black was arrested at kingsholm stadium last night .	he has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in cardiff in march .	he is accused of assaulting the woman in the quarter of kingsholm stadium .	he was arrested last month after being held in cardiff .
' way of the cross ' walks took place in ohio , pennsylvania and over the brooklyn bridge .	the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at the colosseum in rome .
marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury .	manchester city have no serious injury concerns for monday 's barclays premier league trip to crystal palace .	yaya toure missed the victory over west brom a fortnight ago with an achilles injury .
abou diaby has scored 42 goals in last five season at arsenal .	diaby has made just 22 appearances for arsenal this summer .	he has scored 22 goals in his last five seasons at emirates stadium .	arsenal face liverpool in a friendly on tuesday night .
liverpool beat liverpool 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	brendan rodgers ' side have top scorers with fewer premier league goals than liverpool .	diego costa , luis suarez and daniel sturridge have proven costly .
alan pardew says it is very difficult to manage one of england 's top clubs .	pardew says he has had to lift his side from a run of results that have seen them lose touch with leaders chelsea .	pellegrini says he is ' very difficult ' to do it every year .
manchester city host manchester city in the premier league on saturday .	manchester city beat west brom 2 - 0 in their premier league clash .	joe hart is a good example of the adage that is part of the title .
the australian marsupial was spotted ' happily ' hopping through a field in bruhl erft , germany .	police in rhein erft received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was damaged .
twitter users react to onscreen blunder where channel 7 allowed the name hugh g .	rection made a generous donation of $32 .	38 , which earned his name some valuable screen time .	twitter users were quick to identify the blunder .
qpr beat west brom 4 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	qpr have lost their last two league games in their premier league games .	qpr are not interested in qpr 's premier league match against qpr .
aston villa host qpr at old trafford on saturday in the premier league on saturday .	alan hutton has been ruled out of tuesday 's game against aston villa .	qpr are without a trio of key players for their premier league clash .
kim sei - young will take a three - shot lead into the final round of the ana .	the 22 - year - old has shot a 68 - under - par round of 69 on saturday .	the south korean shot a shot at the par - of - the - day par .
lydia ko shot a 2 - 6 hole in the second round of the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par . '	i didn't feel like it was .	i . i . i don't feel like the [UNK] .	. ' the 17 - year - old new zealander has had at least one birdie in the sixth round .
woods confirmed his return to competitive golf for the first time since early february .	he withdrew with a back injury in the first round of the farmers insurance open .	having plummeted to 104 in the world rankings and with no kind of competitive action under his belt .
mickelson , jordan spieth and jordan spieth all in the world .	spieth attracted criticism for giving up on university and joining the pga tour as the 809th .	spieth , who finished runner - up on his masters tour , has finished outside the top .
south korea beat south korea 2 - 1 in the first round of the second round .	the 17 - year - old has won her maiden lpga tour title at the pure silk - bahamas .	ko missed out on the 18th successive under - par round in the 2007 .
williams beat sabine lisicki 3 - 6 , 6 - 3 in the semi - finals of the miami open .	serena williams and simona halep both beat sloane stephens 6 - 2 .	williams will face romania 's simona halep .
the british no 1 no 1 believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world no 2 .	the 27 - year - old has made it less of an issue for the davis cup team .	he says he intended to try to make the switch , the then british no 3 .
british no 1 defeated slovenia 3 - 6 6 - 4 , 6 - 1 in the first round of the world no 4 .	the 21 - year - old pushed him to 4 - 4 in the second round of a davis cup .	he was awaiting the winner from the last tour of the miami open .
venus williams beat germany 3 - 6 , 6 - 1 in the quarter - final on tuesday .	the 23 - year - old won the first set in the last four after a 6 - 4 6 - 2 win over the spaniard .
novak djokovic and novak djokovic reach the semi - finals of the miami semi - final .	andy murray and fourth seed novak djokovic beat karolina pliskova of the czech republic 6 - 0 .
the eight - year - old will travel to ireland to sit on spring heeled at the bottom of the 2013 grand national at aintree on saturday .	scholfield has run only once since finishing fourth to road to ride spring heeled in the weights .
cardiff blues beat cardiff blues 25 - 21 in the european challenge cup semi - finals .	tries from wing hallam amos , replacement nic cudd , a penalty try plus penalties from tom prydie and andrew jones crossed for the blues .
george ford , anthony watson and anthony watson both return to the scene of the six nations defeat at the aviva stadium last month .	fly - back george ford will seek to run the show for bath .
alfonso thomas has agreed to coach delhi daredevils in the indian premier league this month .	thomas will continue his rehabilitation in india in the hope of being fit again in time for somerset 's first lv= premier league fixture .
moeen ali is planning to join england for the latter stages of their test tour of the west indies .	moeen ali expects to be fit again in time for worcestershire 's test tour .
kings are signing bhullar to a 10 - day contract that will make him the league 's first player of indian descent , a person with knowledge of the deal said on wednesday .	the 22 - year - old centre will be on the roster on friday when the kings host the new orleans pelicans .
arsenal beat liverpool 4 - 1 in the premier league on monday .	arsene wenger says arsenal are capable of giving anyone a run for their money .	the gunners are expected to struggle to cope with the gunners .
michel pochettino is in charge for tottenham hotspur on sunday .	the 31 - year - old joined swansea in the summer to play in the premier league .	pochettino has been impressed by vorm 's mentality .
celtic 's leigh griffiths looked round in the dug - out at st mirren .	the celtic striker was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit on good friday night .	the bhoys boss leigh griffiths invoked the power of the bhoys .
rangers have been announced six - month losses of 2 .	6m for the second half of last year .	rangers have already won 2 .	6million for the bounce in the summer .	rangers are currently bottom of the scottish premiership .
sunderland and newcastle united apparently form goes out of the window in a derby .	both sets of supporters will have the chance to suspend the depressing reality of their current plight .	carver is fighting to secure his future as newcastle manager beyond the end of this season .
porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer .	porto and arsenal have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004 .	brazil have reached the last eight of the champions league .
lionel messi wants to play at the weekend andas ' front page reads: ' next is gaya ' messi was left out of both of argentina 's games during the international break with his swollen foot problem .	espn have claimed that messi 's injury was the result of a tackle by martin demichelis during manchester city 's champions league exit against barca last month .
river plate are keen to sign radamel falcao and radamel falcao .	the 29 - year - old spent eight years with the argentine club before leaving for porto .	vice president matias patanian said the doors are open .
stephen drummond scores 19 points for the warriors .	the clippers blew a 17 - point lead in a row at staples center .	blake griffin had 22 points and 13 rebounds for the hawks .
liverpool face liverpool at the age of 16 in the premier league .	the 42 - year - old striker has joined northern ireland for england in the first team .	the reds boss believes the memory of missing out on a playing career .
raheem sterling is not yet ready to sign the new 100 , 000 - a - week contract tabled by the club , fuelling speculation that he could leave anfield this summer .	but although rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club 's consent and ' surprised us all' .
jamie carragher flew out to spain to watch his son play in the mediterranean international cup .	carragher took advantage of the opening ceremony in the famous youth cup .	the reds are currently in the group d . c .
salford half - back rangi chase could face up to eight - match ban .	red devils went on to beat huddersfield 18 - 12 on wednesday .	salford 's rangi chase will face eight - game ban on easter .
thiago came on for his first appearance in the 1 - 0 win at the westfalenstadion .	the spanish midfielder suffered a serious knee injury against borussia dortmund on saturday .	thiago admits he is still going to play for the club .
james rodriguez is set to return to first team action against granada .	rodriguez is expected to start against granada after recovering from injury .	carlo ancelotti has said rodriguez will start in real madrid clash .
kevin theophile - catherine has been on loan with st etienne this season .	the 25 - year - old signed for cardiff on loan at st etienne on a permanent deal .	the dutchman has two years of contract with cardiff .
reigning man of steel daryl clark will be aiming to sink his home - town club when castleford visit struggling warrington as part of a full first utility super league programme on easter monday .	the england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season and , despite the switch , he has kept a close eye on events at his old club .	daryl clark is ready to take on his former team - mates at castleford tigers .
salford beat salford 3 - 1 in their super league win at john smith 's stadium .	griffin and ben ellis - bishop were carried out in the first half of the game .	salford extended their 10 - 6 half - time lead on 55 minutes .
wigan climbed up to third place in the first utility super league .	wigan warriors beat st helens 3 - 1 at the etihad stadium on sunday .	saints beat wigan warriors at the end of the match .
warrington crashed to a third consecutive super league defeat .	the game was stopped for eight minutes after a delay caused by a flare .	widnes beat salford 3 - 1 in their super league clash .
manchester united , manchester united and manchester city are in the premier league to play a 1 - 1 draw with italy .	roy hodgson 's side have been set to leave northern ireland on tuesday night .	the squad had to play at the juventus stadium on wednesday .
manchester united beat italy 2 - 0 in the premier league on tuesday night .	andros townsend scored the goal for england against italy in the summer .	townsend 's side have scored 2 - 1 win against manchester united in the season .
graziano pelle has not scored in the premier league since december .	the 29 - year - old scored nine goals in the first half in his first 12 matches .	pelle has scored three goals in 12 games this season .
manchester city shot stopper , who is 10 years younger than buffon , revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap at the juventus stadium .	the manchester city shot stopper , who is 10 years younger than buffon , revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap at the juventus stadium .
la gazzetta dello sport reports theo walcott 's display against italy .	the milan - based publication have been linked with england 's theo walcott .	italy 's wayne rooney , yaya toure and graziano pelle among the players .
the 22 - year - old woman broke into the barricade at the bottom of the ride .	it is believed the group was travelling at such great speeds that were unable to stop and broke through the slide .
the national union of teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend , like the strike here in 2013 the ballot of its 300 , 000 members would take place after the election , with strikes possible from september .	the last time teachers across the country went on strike was announced yesterday at the nut annual conference in harrogate .
zara tindall , 36 , has turned her hand to barrel - 517 miles from perthshire .	he had turned out to watch mr edmond 's barrel - pulling harness .	he set off nine days and rolled the barrel for 12 hours a day .
the mud was caught on camera by the ukranian photographer vadym shevchenko , 34 , at the kiev zoo .	he was pictured leaving the casanova on its back , in the first place .
northampton beat northampton 2 - 1 at the stade marcel - michelin on saturday .	the saints are nigh - on invincible at home and northampton .	northampton beat clermont 1 - 0 in their opening match on saturday night .
borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin said arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ' great bid ' .	the turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in germany .	borussia dortmund host dortmund in the premier league .
antonio nuez , 4 , is accused of stabbing his girlfriend in the woman 's backside .	the woman , who has not been named , has been charged with aggravated assault .	nuez will be charged with stabbing the property in san .
the animals were caught on camera by surveillance video in dallas , texas .	residents of the neighborhood say they saw a man approach to the animals .	the animals have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years .
kevin sinfield has been warned he will be a ' target ' at the end of the season .	former england captain kevin sinfield is set to join the super league title .	leeds beat france 2 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday .
manuel pellegrini admitted his club will have to buy young talent because the academy 's youngsters are not ready for first - team action .	liverpool star raheem sterling has already had his name linked with the defending premier league champions after his contract stalemate at anfield .	part of the pressure on city to land fresh young talent comes from fa chairman greg dyke 's proposal to increase the quota of homegrown players .
the lamb named winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck .	walking around to the lamb , the duck begins pecking away at the lamb 's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat .
tyler macniven won the ninth season of the amazing race , and a $1million prize .	macniven and his fiancee , kelly hennigan , made a three - minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials , and the two went out in the video .
the thieves stole an atm from a california gas station last friday morning .	the cord is attached to the shell fuel stop at ygnacio valley road in walnut creek .	the thieves were stole an getaway with a white pickup in the background .
the 84 - year - old claimed gender equality laws have backfired and b*****ed up the game .	some clubs had only allowed women if they played at restricted times in return for a equalities legislation .
the property was one of four regional government officials in the event of a nuclear war .	the house was built as the glass house in chislehurst , which was formerly a swimming pool .
manuel pellegrini 's side lost 2 - 1 to chelsea in the premier league on monday .	the last four mangers to have won the league title in three seasons .	carlo ancelotti guided chelsea to their first premier league win in 2010 .
keith curle has launched a scathing attack on his side following their limp 3 - 1 defeat away at accrington stanley .	the cumbrians are without a win in five games in league two and are just two places and three points in the table above the relegation zone .	the strength of character in that changing room is alarmingly week , ' curle said to bbc radio cumbria .
mailonline ran a story on april fools ' day stating that prior to arsenal 's clash with liverpool at the emirates .	the premier league convinced its clubs to cooperate with the move in order to keep up with the ever - changing technological .
chelsea beat france 3 - 1 in paris on saturday .	the 23 - year - old also scored in brazil 's 3 - 0 victory against france in paris .	his side are commanding a finely - crafted espresso in turin .
leighton baines and luke garbutt were at the etihad on wednesday .	the visit comes after the training session on wednesday night .	leighton baines , luke garbutt and luke shaw are also on loan .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one - man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium .	the 20 - year - old is facing a potential three - year ban after running onto the pitch .
germany beat georgia 2 - 0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday .	the german star was in fine form for the world cup last season .	he was in a fine form with his dog at the weekend .
inter milan will offer yaya toure a five - year deal with manchester city .	roberto mancini is keen on bringing man to the club in the summer .	toure will be offered a new contract at the end of the season .	click here for more manchester city news .
lionel messi is the top scorer in the quarter - finals of la liga .	the forwarddidn't feature in either of argentina 's 2 - 1 win over real madrid .	the spain international feature in a promotional event .
greg dyke has returned a 16 , 000 watch in the world cup .	he was given a gift to the fa 's official charity partner , breast cancer care .	dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to be auctioned .
tyler walker is a player who could form nottingham forest for years .	the 18 - year - old striker came off the bench to score a goal of the highest quality of the career .
peter alliss has lost 150 , 000 members since equality for women came in .	hundreds of women have left golf clubs because they've gone from paying half fare to full fare .	hundreds of women have left golf clubs because they've gone from paying half fare to full fare .
amanda beringer , 33 , died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago .	the song was also a tribute to his father , peter , who lost his battle with the debilitating motor speech 10 years .
john daniel tohill , 37 , was last heard from his family in the coming weeks .	his brother tobias received a call from john saying he would be visiting them in coming weeks , including his father .
youtube videos show four - month - old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air .	as he whizzes up and down , the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright .
lucy garrod , 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion .	she feared she would not be able to complete the last year of her photography degree .	she taught herself how to take photographs with her left eye .
david luiz could be a doubt for paris saint - germain 's champions league clash .	the 27 - year - old was caught by a hamstring injury on sunday .	the brazilian was running away from a marseille player in the champions league .
the critters were filmed at indiana 's indianapolis zoo .	they were forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure .	instead of an even - surfaced the piece of sports apparatus and the floor .
fritz the golden retriever from california appears to lack any eye - mouth co - ordination skills , as a new video shows .	slow - motion footage shows him licking his lips and hits his chest and hits the grass .
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a baby 's ' egg - static hen ' .	the baby 's big sister asks if she would like to see it .
the video maker captured the moment in the snowstorm .	the video shows the moment snow and sleet grows in feet .	flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the storm disappears from view .
filmmaker captured the moment the balloon collides with the side of the tower and the basket , which carries three people , plummets to the ground .	the incident took place in the sky over russias dmitrov district .
the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch .	the footage shows the ravenous reptile battling to swallow the prey .	the video shows the two - metre long reptile battling [UNK] .
christopher dodd , 24 , and fay purdham , 27 , now live in south bank , middlesbrough .	the pair grew up together as boys , playing football and playstation for endless hours .	miss purdham was born kevin , who was born .
loushanna and shawn craig , from birmingham , had gone to madrid for a three - day card .	she was marooned on the island for up to two weeks after her biometric id card was stolen .	but she only returned to the uk , but she has not yet been stolen .
rory mcilroy was on the cover of men 's health magazine .	he admitted he was ' obsessed with the gym' , faldo , a three - time masters winner .	the 25 - year - old was spending too much time on the weights .
residents from alderholt , dorset , woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps .	rob wood , 67 , awoke on sunday to find an easter egg on every doorstep .	residents of the picturesque dorset village described the deed as ' a wonderful act of random kindness ' .
dave kevan will be moniz 's new manager at the end of march .	the new manager will be a new manager just a week after the club announced he was unable to commit to the role .	the 50 - year - old has six games to save his new side from relegation to league two .
dundee united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions .	paul hartley is not reading too much to make his side 's job any easier .	dundee utd 's peter hartley is refusing to believe that will make the side 's first win in a derby .
aston villa host aston villa on saturday in the premier league .	tim sherwood says he will allow nothing to distract him from his primary focus .	sherwood has guided villa to an fa cup last season .
graeme mcdowell has vowed to play ' aggressive ' golf to help improve his poor masters record ' it was a peroneal tendon strain and , with a big season ahead , i didn't want to force anything .	mcdowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters - although he finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012 .
tiger woods has started just two events in the first time since september 1996 .	tiger woods is set to compete for a fifth masters title at augusta national on monday .	the 14 - time major winner taking a break from competition to work on his game in the second time .
ben crenshaw will join jack nicklaus and gary player in the par - three match at the masters .	the 85 - year - old will join gary nicklaus and jack nicklaus in the masters on wednesday .
tomas berdych beat juan monaco 6 - 3 , 6 - 4 in the miami open quarter - final .	the czech sets up a hotly - anticipated rematch with andy murray in semi - finals .	berdych and murray contested at this year 's australian open .
the 33 - year - old posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official twitter account .	the miami open this year has skipped the world no 2 .
the 18 - year - old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation .	jockey lewis ferguson , a hotly - tipped favourite to win the paul nicholls yard .
exeter will take on gloucester at kingsholm in two weeks ' time for a place in the final against either newport gwent dragons or the winner of sunday 's london irish - edinburgh encounter .	the hosts made a number of changes from the side that lost 25 - 18 at leicester in the premiership last weekend with mcguigan , ben moon , tomas francis and tom james being drafted in .
the north london club is being investigated by the mail on sunday .	a fortnight after the revelation , the irish club are being investigated .	wray has restated that the salary cap must be a ' farce ' .	saracens now owe 41 .	6m a year .
the 29 - year - old is back in test contention in the first test in the caribbean .	liam plunkett wants to use his pace to lead england to win in the test series against west indies plunkett .	he is fighting for a place with barbados - born chris jordan .
jonathan trott is likely to be given the chance to re - establish himself in the team .	the 33 - year - old has been in fine form for them in st kitts & nevis .	the warwickshire batsman has been impressive in the tour of the warwickshire .
alastair cook feels he is now ready to face the ' pressure cooker ' once again .	the 33 - year - old left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba .	the batsman is ready to play for warwickshire on monday .
martin guptill was recalled to new zealand 's new zealand test squad .	the 23 - year - old has been recalled to the test squad for the first time .	new zealand will face england next month .
the leeds - born 19 - year - old said it was a ' difficult decision ' to retire from the club .	yorkshire 's yorkshire star said he was ' the right time ' for the second round .
dr steve peters has worked with the batsman for the first time since leaving the england football team in the last year .	he has worked for liverpool , ronnie o'sullivan and ronnie o'sullivan , who introduced the ' chimp [UNK] .
kevin pietersen has signed a new contract with surrey last month .	the 34 - year - old is set to play against oxford mccu in the parks .	pietersen is returning to the new season with surrey against oxford .
australian all - rounder moises henriques will join the ipl in the natwest t20 blast .	he will join after the indian premier league season at the end of the summer .	henriques henriques will be involved in the t20 blast this summer .
louis smith will represent great britain for the first time since his european championships .	louis smith is in the squad for the european championships in london 2012 .	smith won a silver and team bronze at the world championships in the last year 's commonwealth games .
the world endurance championship has announced that there will be no more ' grid girls like in the past ' .	the use of models , also referred to as ' race queens ' or ' umbrella girls' , has long been a feature of racing .
john higgins beat judd trump 5 - 1 in the quarter - finals of the china open .	john higgins will face defending champion ding junhui in the last eight .	the world no 1 will face world champion mark selby in the china .
west ham united face west ham in the premier league clash with west ham .	west ham are unbeaten in their last four premier league games this season .	leicester city vs west ham host west ham 1 - 0 on saturday .
jonas gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the newcastle side , coming in for his first start in 20 months .	the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month .	but one that ended in defeat history was on dick advocaats side .
queens park rangers host west brom in the premier league on sunday .	craig dawson has been ruled out for six months with a hat - trick .	he is likely to miss the game with a foot injury .
west ham beat west ham 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	the top three nations in uefa 's rankings qualify for the europa league .	west ham manager sam allardyce wants the club to the club .
lee mcculloch was sent off during rangers ' crucial 2 - 1 victory against hearts in the scottish championship .	stuart mccall says the gers captain apologised to him as well as the players after the incident .	gers boss said: ' believe it or not i haven't seen it again and i didn't see it live - all i was interested in was zeefuik going [UNK] .
david templeton will form part of a rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding championship success of his former club .	the winger remains adamant he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form he once showed in maroon .	templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as stuart mccall 's recorded a 4 - 1 victory over cowdenbeath .
real madrid beat real madrid 4 - 3 in the premier league clash at the weekend .	carlo ancelotti 's side play inter milan at the etihad stadium on sunday .	the 23 - year - old has scored 12 goals in the first time since november .
real madrid beat real madrid 3 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	robert ibanez scored the only goal of the game in the last minute .	real madrid have scored four goals in their last four games .
lyon beat guingamp 3 - 1 at the top of ligue 1 in the second half .	lyon 's first win in three sets up to a 3 - 0 win over reims 3 - 2 .	nabil roux and alexandre lacazette scored in three goals in three games .	lille 's win in the first half put metz on sunday afternoon .
roma ended their four - month winless streak at home in the second half .	miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter - attack for roma in the 25th minute .	roma keeper morgan de sanctis was excellent for roma .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2 - 1 at wembley on saturday .	bayern munich 's arjen robben scored an equaliser in the 2013 champions league final at wembley in november .	der klassiker was one of the highlights on the european football calendar .	jurgen klopp 's side face bayern munich .
russian premier league clash between arsenal tula and torpedo moscow to be suspended for seven minutes on sunday .	torpedo could be stopped for the first time in the premier league on sunday , he said .	the incident occurred on sunday in the russian football premier league .
robin van persie is out of manchester united 's barclays premier league match against aston villa with an ankle injury .	luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem , but centre - back chris smalling is a big doubt due to illness .	ron vlaar could return for aston villa after finally shaking off a calf injury .
david meyler is confident his side will hang on to their premier league status .	steve bruce 's side are in 15th place , three points off the relegation zone .	hull are currently just three points behind the table .
click here for all the latest team in the premier league on sunday .	sportsmail looks at the game below and stats on your side 's game .	in or out of the game , they are in place to make a return for the game .
premier league sides have lost all three of their unbeaten sides in the premier league .	premier league side have already had to resume their last season after an international break this season .	manchester city have lost 2 - 1 to premier league games .
raheem sterling has been warned about the dangers of leaving liverpool by his team - mate kolo toure toure compared sterling 's situation with that of jack rodwell ( left ) and scott sinclair joining manchester city toure .
wasps have seized four titles in the last eight of the new 2 - 1 win over leicester .	the aviva premiership quartet are awash with a hat - trick and french team - mates .	english sides have lost the eight other quarter - final against leicester .
raheem sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal .	he said he was not ready to sign a new contract at the club .	raheem sterling is preparing to face arsenal in the weekend .
wales have been declared a 33 , 000 sell - out at the cardiff city stadium .	the top two sides in their best position to qualify for a euro 2016 qualifier in sweden .	belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with belgium .
mark hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window .	the 27 - year - old is set to be entering the final year of his current deal .
raheem sterling gave liverpool contract worth 100 , 000 - a - week .	the 20 - year - old has been linked with moves to arsenal , real madrid and barcelona what he said: ' i just want to be the best i can be .	i talk about winning trophies ' .	sterling rejected liverpool 's contract with a contract with his club 's contract .
raheem sterling has been offered a 100 , 000 - a - week deal to stay on merseyside .	the 20 - year - old admitted that it was ' quite flattering ' to be linked to arsenal .	sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , manchester city and arsenal .
arsene wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line - up on the morning of the match - and agonises over the selection all week .	the arsenal manager , who has taken charge of 1 , 056 matches since his appointment in september 1996 , has lifted the lid on his pre - match rituals in an interview with the official arsenal magazine .
raheem sterling has turned down a 35 , 000 - a - week deal with liverpool .	the 20 - year - old scored for england in the 4 - 0 win over lithuania .	sterling was a young kid dreaming of a career in professional football .
brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon , previewing the showdown with arsenal on saturday and discussing the future of raheem sterling .	sterling , 20 , has been offered a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is ' flattered ' by interest from arsenal .
argentina beat ecuador 2 - 1 in their first round in the first half .	gerardo martino 's side beat ecuador 4 - 2 in a friendly on saturday .	ecuador beat 2 - 0 in new jersey derby on sunday .
david de gea has picked his premier league team of the season .	he has been keeping a close eye on england 's top - flight in the premier league .	bojan has been a major part of southampton 's excellent season .
ben hiscox , 30 , was playing a home game for stoke gifford united in bristol on saturday when he slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and crashed into the building .	the striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment .	but three days later , he suffered two seizures and died in hospital .
richard henyekane , a former south africa man , was killed in a car crash .	he was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash .	henyekane was on loan at south africa in 2009 .
the former st mirren boss has been in temporary charge of the scottish championship side until the summer of the season .	the former coach will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday .
cosmin moti was a kick - off against the cska sofia in the first half .	he was sent off for the first time after his kung - fu shoot - out of the match .	moti moti 's heroics at the champions league .
20 - year - old has turned down a new 100 , 000 - a - week deal with liverpool .	the liverpool striker has been dealt with a new ' uncomfortable week ' .	the england striker has scored four goals in the premier league games .
brian huberman shares a joke with her husband in the royal box at wimbledon last summer .	o'driscoll has been in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc ahead of the hong kong sevens .
darren bent has scored seven goals on loan at derby county .	the 31 - year - old was sacked by aston villa in february after two - and - a - half season .	tim sherwood was sacked after two years at villa park .
greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of players at top flight club squads from eight to 12 .	dyke is facing opposition from the premier league for three years before the age of 18 rather than before england .
jeff knox , a former georgia state mid - amateur champion , reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen .	and on friday knox completed something of a notable double when he answered the call from tiger woods to play a practice round .
the 32 - year - old started the day six shots off the lead at the top of the course .	the overnight leader could not take the play - off to a third hole .	overnight leader jordan spieth crashes on the first hole .
surrey - born kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the pga tour event .	the 27 - year - old finished tied first to earn his place in the masters .
mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round with a practice round .	tiger woods will be back at the waste management next week .	woods reportedly shot 74 with a round of 66 with a 67 at the masters .
the 27 - year - old yorkshireman was on a simulator at doncaster .	he was the first masters debutant to slip on the green jacket in the 1979 .	willett was five up after a closing round of 68 on the 17th .
the player of the month award has been nominated for the league 's most outstanding players .	one player will be entered into a new prize for the award - winning award .	fans will be asked to vote on the facebook page .
manchester united beat manchester united 1 - 0 on tuesday night .	michael carrick won the world cup with west ham united on saturday .	matthews won his 54 - year - old england debut against manchester united .	carrick has won four premier league titles and a 1 - 1 draw .
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet .	he said he was ' disappointed ' that anyone would be interested .	manchester united should be interested in pictures of a 55 - year - old .
teofil brank , better known by his stage name jarec wentworth , was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles .	investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim , who has only been identified as d .	b . teofil brank .	brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone 's reputation .
mauricio pochettino wants to meet with the fa before approving harry kane involvement in the squad .	kane will be available for the competition in the czech republic .	mauricio pochettino will miss tomorrows clash against lithuania and malaysia .
cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes .	barred from bringing their cell phones on to the georgia course , fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket - sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and re - learning how to use them .
sandy - colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county , north dakota .	the animal , who has been named wilford by his rescuers , needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade .
arsenal host arsenal in the premier league on saturday .	theo walcott was substituted after 55 minutes of england 's 1 - 1 draw against italy on tuesday night .	arsene wenger admits he is concerned by the winger 's confidence .
sir alex ferguson has admitted he had to change his everyday times as he got older to continue managing the man united .	he was appointed as the old trafford side in the champions league last .
raheem sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a 100 , 000 - a - week contract .	the 20 - year - old striker is agitating for a return to the club .	brendan rodgers says he is ' going nowhere ' this summer .
raheem sterling scored one of the greatest world cup finals against liverpool .	raheem sterling was named pfa young player of the year ( 1998 ) .	there are also 18 england caps and one goal for liverpool .
adam mcburney , who lives at the home with his brother shane , 20 , was not at home when a gunman fired multiple shots through the windows of the house in county antrim , northern ireland .	police say he could have been killed if he was in the house .
camel is first coated with a yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m - tall tandoor kiln , thepeoples daily onlinereported .	the kiln was built specially with more than 10 , 000 bricks , yellow mud and salt .
sam tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors .	the 26 - year - old has been found by new zealand chairman .	tomkins will be on a ' defined salary ' on his return to the dw stadium .	click here for wigan transfer news .
paris saint - germain went on to win champions league clash with barcelona .	the former chelsea man could miss the champions league game against barcelona .	david luiz will miss both legs of the quarter - final .
referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday .	city captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1 - 0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 .	the 40 - year - old has only sent off two players season in the premier league this season .
presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her .	the 40 - year - old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing , and was horrified to think her sons harry , 4 , and bert , 2 , saw her that way . '	when my son asked me if i was having another baby , that was the final straw .
england 's team doctor neil phillips was england 's doctor for the 1966 world cup .	ramsey was a doctor at the age of england in the world cup campaign .	phillips is the team doctor for england 's world cup 2014 .
smartphones are the most common internet - enabled device at 1 .	7 per household .	laptops and tablets are just behind .	the yougov survey found digital advertising hit a record 7 . 2billion .
francis bakvis , a sixteen - year - old pet cat tiger , had been missing for three days .	he was found dead in the yard of his home in clifton beach , northern queensland .	he had never been sick or anything , but he was missing .
manchester united beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day .	juan mata says manchester united need to take every game as a ' final ' .	the 26 - year - old has been in fine form for manchester united .
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11 .	30am on thursday .	the father , 24 , and other family members inside did not know that the toddler , who later died at university medical hospital , had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway .
travis hatfield , 21 , from west virginia , posted a video of himself onlinesinging to his uncle .	he says he is a big part in his life and i don't know what he would .
dayna dobias , 19 , is tackling her disability head - on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing .	the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .	the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
manchester city host manchester city in the premier league on saturday .	radamel falcao and sergio aguero are also interested in signing them .	manchester city are looking to secure a champions league spot .
lydia kelm , 23 , had a blood - alcohol content of .	247 when police tested her after showing up to the mcdonald 's in leesburg , florida , early monday .	police say the woman wouldn't pull up to the drive - through window at around 3 .	30am , theorlando sentinelreports .
bernard running across a road somewhere in theczech republic with a child trailing behind .	it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion , with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind .	as the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash .
police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in queens over the weekend .	the nypd released the video tuesday , along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her .	the woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness .
french air traffic controllers and new border control checks threaten severe delays .	air passengers face up to three days of disruption , with british airways , easyjet , ryanair , ryanair , ryanair and flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights .
the queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged , leading the premier , annastacia palaszczuk to call for his resignation .	after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party but refused to resign from parliament .	until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham has been in hiding .
the 28 - year - old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest , police say .	police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack .	police have been charged with murder .
former portugal international , in egypt at the caf congress to canvass for votes , told sportsmailhe did not believe all africa was solidly behind blatter , who seeks re - election on may 29 against figo , prince ali bin al hussein of jordan and the dutch football association president michael van praag .
carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .	ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee after he was chopped down by antonio amaya .	the decision means ronaldo could be suspended for the match against real madrid .
benteke rescued aston villa from the drop zone with a brilliant late free - kick to seal his hat - trick and salvage a point against relegation rivals queens park rangers .	tim sherwood was disappointed that aston villa 's domination of qpr did not result in three points for his side sherwood did concede that the point taken could be vital .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league .	manchester city 's 2 - 1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night .	louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .
manchester city beat man united 2 - 1 in the premier league on monday night .	vincent kompany says he is under pressure after a disappointing season .	manuel pellegrini 's side have lost their premier league games .	click here for more manchester city news .
the 19 - year - old has received the backing of the world no 1 rory mcilroy .	the scot admits he may turn professional before september 's clash with the united states .	scotland 's bradley neil has the game for the pga tour .
the world no 1 has been ready for a week after two months on the sidelines .	the 25 - year - old has been building for the first time since the last two weeks .	mcilroy has recorded just two weeks in the final round of woods .
john isner is the first american to make the semifinals in miami since 2011 .	isner beats kei nishikori to reach the semi - finals in the second set .	novak djokovic and kei nishikori are the first man to end the semifinals .
andy murray and tomas berdych have been in the semi - final of the australian open .	murray will have to play at the end of the tour of the british no 1 .	murray met at the same stage of the berdych in melbourne .
carla suarez beat andrea petkovic 6 - 3 , 6 - 2 in a semi - final on thursday .	the spaniard will play a top seed serena williams in the final of the miami open .	suarez navarro will play simona halep in the first head - to - head .
the 18 - year - old was mucking out the stables as a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation .	there was no special treatment for lewis .
the horse is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys ' championship and retire .	he is going to aintree in the first half of the crabbie 's grand national at aintree on april 11 .
juan imhoff landed a 55 - metre penalty in the first half of the match .	marcelo bosch scored the winning penalty for the first time in the 27th minute .	juan imhoff scored the winner as saracens beat argentina 3 - 1 in the final .
sarries defeated saracens 2 - 0 in the champions cup semi - final in the first half in the last - minute penalty in the final of the match .	referee nigel owens was sent off the game for the first - half penalty of the game to give saracens a 3 - 0 lead .	alex oxlade - chamberlain scores the only goal of the penalty .
mark robinson says he could have played for england in the summer .	he has not played since his achilles tendon injury last summer .	prior , he 's still recovering from achilles injury .
029secs 029secs scored the winner at the seconds .	029secs powered in a scorching time of one minute 29 .	455 seconds of the 029secs seconds to take place on sunday .
the 31 - year - old beats gary wilson 10 - 2 in the final of the baic motor china open on sunday .	selby won the best - of - 19 showpiece to claim the title of his career and 85 , 000 in prize money .	world no 1 won the german masters title in the 12th in the tournament .
wisconsin will play kentucky at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis on monday night .	frank kaminsky is the first undefeated player in the semi - final , at lucas oil park in indianapolis .	the duke , an 81 - 61 - year - old duke , was the first college basketball team in the nfl .
the 20 - year - old hopes his new ' firework ' dive can help win olympic gold at the world .	the former world champion wants to push the boundaries of his sport .
memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the nba 's southwest division with a 100 - 92 win over oklahoma city on friday .	the grizzlies moved level with houston atop the southwest division , both trailing golden state , which has already sealed the conference title .	san antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the no 2 playoff seed by routing denver .
tottenham striker kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days .	harry kane was captain for tottenham hotspur in the premier league match against burnley .	tottenham went into the race for champions league qualification after liverpool 's loss burnley .
bafetimbi gomis roars with celebration after giving swansea a 2 - 0 lead against hull at the liberty stadium on saturday .	swansea striker celebrates his strike in front of a group of young supporters after doubling his side 's lead in the first half swansea ( 4 - 3 - 3 ): fabianski 6 .	5 , williams 6 .	5; dawson 5 .	5 subs not used:amat , chester , sagbo , harper booked:hernandez , mcshane , ndoye , bruce , diame .
leicester city are seven points clear at the top of the premier league .	the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table .	cambiasso is happy in the east midlands .
newcastle beat sunderland 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	the 25 - year - old full - back played the full 90 minutes of the game .	newcastle were simply not at the races as a result of the defeat .
graziano pelle insists his confidence hasn't been destroyed despite no scoring in the premier league since december 20 .	the 29 - year - old is now hoping to return to the form that saw him plunder eight goals in his first 17 league games .	the former feyenoord star has thanked saints fans for continuing to support him through his lean spell .
gers lost 2 - 1 to the ibrox side in the premier league on sunday .	the former rangers boss has seen his new side win 2 - 0 win over hearts .	stuart mccall says he is ' greatest manager ' for the club .
the memorabilia autographed by one of the best players in the world signed by the england and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart .	this is a unique chance to win a pair of memorabilia from the brand .
sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ' one of the most bizarre team talks i've ever experienced' ' .	higginbotham and his black cats team - mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007 - 08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .	instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them .
vincent duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .	vincent duport suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons ' 33 - 22 defeat at hull .	the sixth - placed catalans is a trip to wigan .
bayern munich take on bayer leverkusen in the world cup quarter - final on wednesday .	the bayern munich boss believes jerome boateng is one of the world 's best central defenders in jerome boateng .
manchester city captain vincent kompany and joe hart trudge off the field after losing to crystal palace man city have spent five seasons out of the top - flight since the 1994 - 95 campaign - which rovers went on to win .	city 's goalscorers that day were defender keith curle , now manager of league 2 strugglers carlisle , from the penalty spot , former brentford boss uwe rosler and paul walsh .
tiger woods has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries .	the former girlfriend lindsey vonn warms up for the masters 2015 .	he has not won the 15th major of the us open in 2008 .
rory mcilroy is the first world no 1 for the first time in the world 's first major of the year .	tiger woods is one of the lame , sick and wounded in the final round .	rory mcilroy will be accompanied by his young players .
rory mcilroy is the first time in the world 's first ever since february .	tiger woods and rory mcilroy are defending champion rory mcilroy .	the defending champion is the second man in history to win .
arsenal were thrashed 6 - 3 by manchester city and 5 - 0 in the champions league last season .	per mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the ' arguing culture ' .	arsenal face liverpool on saturday in a battle for both sides of the summit .
amir khan has announced his next fight against chris algieri on may 30 .	the 28 - year - old was knocked down six times en route to a heavily lopsided points loss in macau .	khan was also linked with bouts against adrien broner and keith thurman .
amir khan is expected to announce his fight against the ibf welterweight world title .	the former lightweight world champion is set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year .	the fight will take place in mid - june .
floyd mayweather , floyd mayweather jnr , said he would be a ' terrible [UNK] ' ahead of the may mega - fight with freddie roach .	floyd mayweather snr has blasted mayweather snr .
justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 on thursday .	the 34 - year - old has spent long hours on the practice ground .	phil mickelson enjoyed his best round in regulation .
the 17 - year - old ko wins the first round of the women 's first round under par .	the us superstar dropped two shots on the par - 4 13th in the second round .
rory mcilroy is looking to claim his first green jacket .	the 25 - year - old is hoping to complete the grand slam of majors .	mcilroy has just one top - 10 finish to his name in six masters appearances .
jason dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 and was considered one of the golden couples of golf , but the couple separated in february 2015 .	the divorce settlement was finalised on march .
lionel messi has recovered from his injured foot and should be fit to start sunday 's la liga clash with celta vigo .	messi is ahead of schedule in his recovery and a statement on the club 's website .
yannick zaha made just four appearances for manchester united two years ago .	the 25 - year - old has scored two goals to manchester united in two years .	crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha .
benik afobe was a second - highest scorer in the premier league this season .	the 22 - year - old was one of the first half - time for the first time in the last - half of the season .	harry kane scored the only goal in a 2 - 1 win at the etihad stadium on wednesday .
cardiff beat cardiff 1 - 1 in the premier league on wednesday night .	pavel pogrebnyak scores only four minutes before half - time with cardiff .	pavel obita scores only three minutes for cardiff .
the 35 - year - old was the first heart transplant in the united states .	he shares a joke with jim compton and erik compton on his own .	he recovered from his ball setback to become the first masters in the world .
barcelona star neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with paris saint - germain will prove a real ' spectacle ' .	neymar believes his team will be a ' real footballing ' spectacle' .	the barcelona star is expecting more fireworks to join psg in the champions league .
steven gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season .	the 34 - year - old will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter - final replay .	luis suarez will miss the trip to ewood park on monday night .	fowler has warned gerrard 's team - mates not to concentrate on .
liverpool beat liverpool 4 - 0 in the fa cup quarter - final on wednesday .	tom cairney has been linked with a move to brighton in the last match .	sterling has been turning down contracts with the club in last season .
gary bowyer has said jordan rhodes can become an fa cup hero .	blackburn boss gary bowyer says jordan rhodes is a ' [UNK] ' .	the blackburn rovers have rejected a 12million bid .
monaco beat montpellier 1 - 0 at home to montpellier in the second half .	leonardo jardim 's side failed to break down a well - organized montpellier side .	second - division auxerre beat french cup holder guingamp .
rangers beat rangers 3 - 0 in their opening match on sunday .	kenny miller and haris vuckic both won nine on the bounce .	gers captain lee mcculloch apologising for a reckless red card .
france international was carried off on a stretcher early in the 4 - 3 win against leicester city and missed his country 's friendlies against brazil and denmark .	hugo lloris is still recovering after his problem against leicester - he is out , ' tottenham manager mauricio pochettino said at a news conference on thursday .
england beat italy 3 - 1 at the emirates stadium in italy on tuesday night .	andros townsend scored england 's equaliser in their 1 - 1 friendly draw with italy in turin .	the 23 - year - old has yet to reach the heights he scaled .
elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan from london .	minchella has been joined on loan with leeds and leeds .	elliot has been on loan since the summer 's season .	london broncos ' coach has been named in london .
england full - back remains unsure when he will return after pulling out of harlequins ' aviva premiership clash with saracens at wembley last weekend .	northampton wing george north has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quick - fire concussions .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	pellegrini says his side must close their lead at the top of premier league .	the manchester city lost 2 - 1 to the etihad stadium on monday .	manuel pellegrini has warned his side could lose any other side .
eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton feature in man - of - the - match list .	everton beat aston villa 2 - 1 at stamford bridge in this week 's 4 - 1 win over aston villa .
lauren hill , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children 's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor .	lauren was diagnosed with dipg ( diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ) , a rare form of brain cancer .
researchers found that gaming boosts the ability to learn a number of tasks more accurately , and possibly puts gamers in an ' expert category ' of problem solving .	but the researchers note they are not quite sure if gaming makes people learn skills better are more likely to become gamers .
liverpool host manchester united at anfield in their premier league clash .	the 25 - year - old believes liverpool have performed against the big teams during the last two seasons in the premier league .	the former manchester united defender has been ruled out of liverpool .
the show took place in xi'an , the capital city of north - china 's shaanxi province .	it took 30 craftsmen three months to make this inspiration from underwear .	it is thought to be worth around 40 , 000 .
jack johnson won the world heavyweight title in 1908 .	he was black and a black man who had never held sport 's greatest award .	he became the first black world heavyweight champion .	johnson was seen as someone who lived in 1904 .
roberto martinez will hold talks with romelu lukaku .	mino raiola says he would have never sanctioned lukakus 28million move .	romelu lukaku is only one season in a five - year deal .
the bird filmed in north vancouver , the north shore football team .	the bird finishes its kick - about and sits beside the right before jumping up on it with two feet and balances .	the eagle successfully jumps up onto it with both feet .
chris jans has been fired after witnesses say he acted ' aggressively and inappropriately ' at an off - campus bar .	the married father - of - two was also accused of grabbing a ' woman 's head and moving it toward your crotch ' and calling another woman a ' b****' , the same evening .
adam lyth , one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean .	adam lyth scratched around for 22 in a championship match against nottinghamshire in 2008 .	yorkshire 's adam lyth is one of the yorkshire squad .
rickie fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a ' gold digger ' .	the golfer 's girlfriend , bikini model alexis randock , had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2 - 1 in the premier league on 34 minutes .	manuel pellegrini 's side lost 2 - 0 to crystal palace on tuesday night .	yaya toure and jason puncheon scored a free - kick to secure a second - half .
jason puncheon was making his way to take a corner in front of manchester city .	the 28 - year - old was hit by a maoam sweet at selhurst park .	crystal palace midfielder appeared to be struck by an object .
jamie hughes and jamie heaslip are among those in the aviva premiership .	jamie roberts scored the ball during a training session at themichelin avenue .	clermont lost 1 - 0 to wasps at wembley stadium .
mesut ozil has avoided a fine after being spotted in a nightclub just hours after missing the win at newcastle through illness .	arsenal manager arsene wenger insists he is satisfied with the 42 .	5million man 's explanation .	wenger has chosen not to sanction mesut ozil for going to a berlin nightclub hours .
keith curle is one of only four managers in top 92 players who have played for england .	the well - travelled defender played for a total of 10 clubs during his career .	curle claims to have caught the management .
harry kane will play for gareth southgate 's side in the summer .	the 21 - year - old is in action for england against raheem sterling .	kane has been a major part of their qualifying campaign for the last .
england beat italy 1 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday night .	andros townsend said he ' should be nowhere near the england ' .	townsend said kane is the ' best finisher ' he have ever played with .
alexis sanchez signs for arsenal in the first half of the season .	alexis sanchez was signed from aston villa and tottenham for the first time in the premier league last season .	sanchez spent five years with serie a .
romelu lukaku says he is ' not concerned ' that romelu lukaku is not concerned that the striker could be set for a move away from everton .	he has been involved in transfer deals with paris saint - germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic , ross barkley , mino raiola and mino raiola .	martinez says he wants to benefit from the players .
aaron will be sidelined for up to three months after surgery on his surgery .	aaron finch faces three months out of action on his left hamstring .	aaron will miss his rehabilitation and will miss the rehabilitation .
gareth southgate 's squad finished fourth in the toulon tournament last may .	boothroyd will be the man in charge of the under 20s this time .	england winger jordon ibe could feature in the squad .
raheem sterling is a more talented player than gunners star mesut ozil .	the former liverpool forward made the claim before brendan rodgers ' men lost 4 - 1 at the emirates on saturday - a game in which ozil netted his side 's second goal .	owen 's opinion drew criticism on social media but the ex - england man has refused to back down .
the gunman , who has not been identified , had sparked security concerns at the park , where the mother of his child works in a restaurant .	last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after he shot himself dead in front of children and families .	sheriff 's deputies who rushed to the scene engaged the man in conversation but were unable to restrain him .
john carver says he 's getting the best out of the players .	the 50 - year - old has suffered a torrid time since replacing alan pardew 's side .	carver believes he 's enjoying the task of trying to turn the club .
marouane fellaini has become almost undroppable , given his performances in united 's recent run of form .	louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the barclays premier league at this late stage in the race .	van gaal - who confirmed that robin van persie is still injured - said: ' there is a rat race ( for fourth ) that liverpool and tottenham are involved in .
lexi thompson , 20 , is the youngest player to appear in the u.s. s women 's open .	the 20 - year - old will appear on the front of the cover of golf digest .
inter milan are looking at the possibility of picking up chelsea 's petr cech this summer .	the argetinian youngster has been in fantastic form this season .	the european champions are ready to sign de gea a year .
ryan bertrand took to instagram to upload a snap of himself and his daughter in their matching cars .	the 25 - year - old has been one of the stars of the season as the premier league .
67 - year - old takes charge of sunderland for the first time on home soil tomorrow with north - east adversaries newcastle the visitors .	it was back in 1998 that advocaat said the old firm clash was just another game .	celtic won 5 - 1 and the dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for under - estimating the intensity of the rivalry .
frank lampard showed his support for gay players in an interview on alan carr 's ' chatty man ' .	the new york city star was joined by noel fielding , noel fielding and robbie rogers .
danny cipriani will face london irish , newcastle and exeter in the aviva premiership .	cipriani has been in superb form for sale this season .	the sale of the champions cup will take place at the etihad stadium .
ryan taylor scored the winner at the stadium of light three seasons ago .	the 30 - year - old was greeted by ryan taylor in the club 's league cup .	taylor ' gets ' the proud principles of the north east appreciation , honesty and .
the 5 .	45 acre estate is made up of a ' grand pavilion ' measuring 9 , 000 square feet , and also boasts several satellite residences for staff .	nixon bought the home for $1 .	4million in 1969 and moved out in 1980 .
joao ratinho sported his new hairstyle in the brazilian cup on thursday night .	the 35 - year - old 's side secured a 1 - 1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute .
raheem sterling and theo walcott will likely go head - to - head at the emirates on saturday .	walcott is in the process of negotiating contracts with their premier league sides .	walcott has scored six goals in the premier league this season .
manchester united beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	louis van gaal is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson .	the former manchester united boss says united are mathematically in the title .
real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their bitter rivals , just by points difference .	brazil beat chile 1 - 0 at the emirates stadium on sunday in a feisty contest .	neymar and his barcelona team - mates return to la liga on sunday .
joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in the u.s. on saturday .	he was forced to pull out of a fight against kevin johnson in november .	gavern is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to prepare for the fight .
alexis sanchez has scored 19 goals in the premier league since the world cup .	the 26 - year - old has been linked with a new team - mate alexis sanchez .	the former arsenal boss has moved to the arsenal manager .
arsenal host top - four rivals liverpool in the premier league on saturday .	arsene wenger has a heart - to - heart chat with walcottahead of the month award .	arsenal boss arsene wenger will have a word alone with german defender .
courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly - half jules plisson at twickenham last month .	the 26 - year - old has been derided as a thug across the french channel .
sir alex ferguson is the star in the world 's most expensive world football .	the former manchester united boss has tipped him to be the first man to challenge for the title of world 's best player .
wayne rooney believes england can win euro 2016 in france .	manchester united 's player of the month for march lifted the lid on england captain rooney 's bullish attitude looking ahead to the tournament in june next year .	mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the spain squad after missing out since the world cup .
the 18 - year - old , who was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago , is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by a group of officers .	the inmate is seen attacking the other officer in intensive care with brain bleeding .
the man , known only as xu , even tried to impregnate the ' daughter - in - law ' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time .	xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china .
helga and eberhard henkel had lost their pet in early march .	it is thought the animal had crawled under the floor as the bathroom was being renovated .	owners helga and simba henkel had put back on 300 grammes .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive - thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .	but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .
the young swimmer managed to avoid coming into contact with the sea cow .	footage taken with the help of a selfie - stick , which came in to view a number of times during the short clip .
vicente del bosque 's side were unable to atone for the 5 - 1 world cup defeat at the amsterdam arena on tuesday night .	spain 's stefan de gea scored the only goal of the game against spain in the premier league on tuesday .	del bosque was impressed with the debuts on the bright side .
zlatan ibrahimovic would have been idolised at the stade velodrome .	he has been compared with cantona for the first time in the space of a few days .	the paris saint - germain forward has been criticised for the marseille .
cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from cape verde , cape verde and cape verde .	the island is one of the 19 - year - old cape verde 's football team .
radamel falcao has only scored four goals for his country in two games .	falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first - team place at old trafford .	manchester united striker has expressed his interest in signing falcao .
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday 's championship game against leeds united at elland road .	both clubs have a history of fan trouble but leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club , council or police .	now cardiff have thrown their support behind a fan - run campaign to boycott the trip to elland road by handing back their tickets ' as a matter of principle' .
stephen docherty pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at his home .	he admitted to ripping another mans scrotum with a metal hook after he thought a concreting job wasnt up to scratch .	mr docherty hired the victim to rip the mans scrotum off .
st john paramedics were called to a home in wagaman , northern darwin .	st john , 38 , was in northern darwin when he was swallowed by a beer bottle at a family .
dustin johnson watches his tee shot during a practice round on the augusta course .	henrik stenson spent a week in bed with flu and reckons his strength is still low .	rory mcilroy will begin his quest for the masters .
the black - eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft - high on a flag pole outside philadelphiascathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning .	video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch .
ivy , 21 , was shot with a single gunshot wound to the chest , police say .	the 21 - year - old was shot by a prop in the area of a music video .
the moment was captured on video and shows alaska department of fish and game biologist .	the land mammals were moved for a distance of about a mile and crossed the innoko river before reaching the alaska river .
action was taken at the estavayer - le - lac in switzerland in switzerland .	it is equipped with a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg .	jet surfing is less risky and dangerous .
mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in britains nuclear , transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster .	mi5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas known as insiders highlighted by the germanwings disaster .
new zealand jockey opie bosson took first place on the weekend 's esteemed $2 million australian derby , held in randwick on monday .	watching the race on a trackside tv , bosson 's agent adian rodley didnt realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations .
some 1 , 500 migrants have been rescued by italian coast guard ships in the port of lampedusa .	the rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrants in italy .
villarreal beat athletic bilbao 1 - 0 to secure a 1 - 1 draw .	nicolas otamendi scored a 90th minute equaliser for athletic bilbao .	nicolas asenjo scored a hat - trick for villarreal .
santiago vergini has made 35 appearances for the club 's 1 - 0 win over crystal palace .	the 26 - year - old returned to the stadium of light on a season - long loan deal from costa rican side sport uruguay de coronado in the summer of the season .	vergini says he wants to stay at sunderland after a two - year contract at sunderland .
manchester city beat manchester city 1 - 0 in the champions league last 16 .	united have lost five straight matches to their local premier league champions .	the 29 - year - old wants to avoid a fifth round of manchester city .
jack grealish has made his first premier league start for aston villa .	grealish is renowned for keeping his stockings just above the roll of his shinpads .	grealish says he appears not to wear shinpads on first glance .
tiger woods says the par - 3 contest is all about ' having fun , enjoying it and not winning' .	woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 , and made it quite a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side , and his children caddying for him .	yet asked what his goal for it is , woods said: ' have fun , enjoy it , and don't win .
novak djokovic beat david ferrer to reach the semi - finals of the miami open .	the world no 1 is likely to face tomas berdych in his semi - final .	the man who beat him to the australian open and then again in the semis of indian wells .
ap mccoy will attempt to win the irish grand national on cantlow in his final race meeting in ireland that cantlow disputes favouritism for monday 's race is largely due to the presence of mccoy on his back .	the champion jockey could have ridden alderwood or if in doubt , who both also carry the colours of his boss jp mcmanus .
richie mclernon has been confirmed as a runner for the cork grand national .	he was second in the lexus chase to win the gold cup on saturday .	the irish challenge also includes jim cullotys and hans holbein .
the four - year - old tryster turned on the after a 22 - 1 win in the unibet easter classic at lingfield .	he turned on in the feature coral easter classic as his godolphin stable dominated by william buick .	the jockey william buick predicted a big future in the winter derby .
northampton lost 12 - 11 in the champions cup semi - final on the day of the match .	marcelo bosch landed a long - term penalty in the final act of sunday 's showdown with racing metro to secure a 12 - final win in the last - four - second euro 2016 qualifiers .
francis saili has signed a two - year deal to join munster this year .	the 24 - year - old was part of the new zealand under 20 side that won the junior world title in 2011 .
toulon beat toulon in their champions cup quarter - final at stade vlodrome on sunday .	the salary cap currently 5 .	5million is back on the agenda .	wasps director of rugby could not have to win the world cup .
bath beat leinster 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	ian madigan and ian madigan were left to reflect on what might have been at dublin 's aviva stadium .	bath dominated for large parts of the phases .
tim bresnan insists a good start to the domestic season with lv= county championship holders yorkshire could help him make a case for an england test recall .	bresnan last played in the england whites during the 5 - 0 ashes defeat in the winter of 2013/14 , though in recent months he enjoyed a pre - world cup training session with the squad in australia .	the double ashes - winner helped end yorkshire 's 13 - year wait for a title last season .
jonny bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team - mates .	the game was the first of england 's honorary kittitians had the most productive - ever cut - up .
jack grealish scored his first premier league appearance in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on tuesday night .	grealish was handed his first match at tottenham in the last - 16 - year - old 's 3 - 3 draw with queens park rangers .	grealish is hopeful of retaining his place for the end of the season .	grealish says he wants to replace the wembley .
manuel pellegrini accepts his side are now facing a fight to stay in the champions league places .	city appear to have lost too much ground to chelsea in the barclays premier league title race .	the fading champions could even find themselves in fourth place before they next play - at crystal palace on monday - if results go against them over the weekend .
julian speroni will be at crystal palace for another year at least after triggering a 12 - month contract .	the 35 - year - old will have a testimonial against dundee at the end of the season .
everton beat swansea city 1 - 0 in the premier league on tuesday .	the toffees take on swansea city at the liberty stadium on tuesday night .	the blues were held at goodison park on tuesday afternoon .
hull still fell to a 3 - 1 defeat at the liberty stadium on saturday .	mcshane is keeping faith that the tigers will avoid relegation despite a tough run of games hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league .
andy king was the hero as premier league strugglers leicester city struck late to earn a vital three points against west ham .	the former england international is denied a goal for relegation threatened leicester city west ham united instantly punish the foxes as senegalese internationalcheikhou kouyate scores their past kasper schmeichel leicester: ( 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 ) schmeichel 6 .	5; de laet 6 ( </s> .
manchester united host manchester united on thursday .	radamel falcao believes sergio aguero is his side 's biggest threat .	falcao has scored six times against united since he joined city in 2011 .	falcao believes he is happy at united despite playing a bit - part role .
haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall .	vuckic has denied a report on tyneside saying he had already declared his intention to quit st james .	he has won six times since signing for rangers .
james ward - prowse scored the winner after a 34 - 2 victory over germany .	the 20 - year - old admits not being able to be able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night .
tottenham hotspur will open a new ' world - class ' 56 , 000 - seater stadium in just over three years time .	the rest of the new stadium will be demolished when archway find a new premises .
qpr were 2 - 0 up and lost to a charlie austin hat - trick in december .	qpr were two goals up but lost 3 - 2 to queens park rangers earlier this year .	tony pulis said he had a point to seal a ' point ' in the match .
reece oxford has been on the bench for the under 21s against man united .	the 16 - year - old has been likened to a long - awaited first - team debut .	the central defender has been playing for west ham this season .
manchester united beat west ham 3 - 0 to go four points clear at the top of the under 21 premier league .	josh harrop grabbed his first of the game to level the scores before joe rothwell capped an impressive turnaround .	harrop captained manchester united under 21 as they went four points .
gary teale has hit back at ronny deilas criticism of the st mirren park pitch .	deila branded most surfaces in the scottish premiership terrible and argued that artificial pitches would make for better spectacles .	but teale insists the norwegians criticism was unjustified and unfair on the paisley clubs award - winning groundsman , tommy docherty .
gary teale has hit back at ronny deilas criticism of the st mirren park pitch .	deila branded most surfaces in the scottish premiership terrible and argued that artificial pitches would make for better spectacles .
shane ferguson has restored a buoyancy to the club .	he is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the ibrox board until after the end of the season .	shane mccall , shane ferguson , is adamant that he has done nothing .
karim benzema scored five goals in real madrid 's 9 - 1 win against granada .	the team - mate cristiano ronaldo has scored 5 goals in a 2 - 1 victory over granada .
christian benteke is set to offload the club in the premier league .	the 24 - year - old has scored seven goals in his last five premier league appearances .	he has scored 50 , 000 a week for his last two - year contract .
kevin isnt on the line in a three - year tour of england 's world cup .	the 16 - year - old has a chance to win back at the end of the season .	alastair cook 's side have won the world cup on thursday .
manchester united beat aston villa 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	ander herrera 's first goal in a 2 - 1 draw against aston villa at old trafford .	manchester united travel to manchester city on monday .
the 21 - year - old forward has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs .	paolo dybala says he could be playing his final games for palermo .	arsene wenger has denied the signing of a move .
real madrid beat real madrid 4 - 0 in their first leg in the first half .	gareth bale scored five minutes for the first time in the second half .	real madrid were able to take advantage of the hat - trick in the competition .
bolton - born boxer amir khan enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in california .	he was joined by his natural born fighters in northern california .	khan posed with a rare white tiger as well as his ibf welterweight world champion .
jose mourinho did not rule out the prospect of a 12 , 000 - mile round trip .	jose mourinho didn't rule out a ' 12 , [UNK] ' trip to the premier league .
blackburn midfielder john o'sullivan is ineligible to play in the fa cup fifth round replay against liverpool in wednesday night 's sixth round replay at ewood park .	gary bowyer has been on loan at the club after a 0 - 0 draw against manchester united at anfield last month .	bowyer will be available for the first time since the end of the season .
sean dyche has complete confidence that his side will beat relegation .	the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their barclays premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm - weather training camp .	the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their barclays premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm - weather training camp .
napoli lost 1 - 0 to lazio in the coppa italia semi - final on tuesday night .	the defeat came on top of a run of five serie a matches without a win .	the goal came in the second leg of a coppa italia title on wednesday .
james harden scored 23 points for the warriors in the lane on thursday .	the cleveland forward scored 24 points for miami to move back to ohio .	golden state 's harrison barnes beat the warriors to a 114 - 106 .
the flanker is loved by his team - mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game .	with a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment , burger is the man you want on your team .
blackpool beat blackpool 1 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	the fireworks were restricted to outside of bloomfield road on tuesday .	dozens of supporters gathered outside the west stand 45 minutes before kick - off .	the wrong side of the penalty came from the west .
alastair cook completed a much - needed century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match in the west indies .	the england captain offered a gentle wave of the bat and resumed on 101 from 200 deliveries .	cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss .
jonathan trott and alastair cook combine impressively as england produce dominant display cook plays behind square as wicketkeeper jaison peters looks on in basseterre , st kitts if trotts return with 72 was the most pleasing aspect of a dominant day for england .
chelsea face stoke city on saturday in the premier league on saturday .	jose mourinho is speaking at chelsea 's press conference on friday .	hazard will start for chelsea against the stoke city .
juan mata 's acrobatic volley two weeks ago left liverpool five points adrift of manchester united in fourth brendan rodgers ' side need to beat arsenal on saturday to keep up their chances of a top - four finish liverpool eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play , a massive mountain to climb .
olivier giroud scored five times in the premier league last month .	arsene wenger 's side have been named as the world 's player of the year .	giroud scored the winner of the month 's march prize .
kenwyne sears scored a hat - trick for bournemouth in the second half .	kenwyne jones came from the bench late on to score within three minutes .	eddie howe converted from close range to put ipswich ahead against bournemouth .
liverpool host manchester united in the premier league on saturday .	brendan rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash with manchester united .	liverpool face manchester united on saturday afternoon .	manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the champions league .
robbie fowler scored a hat - trick in premier league history .	arsenal beat arsenal 2 - 2 at anfield in the premier league on saturday .	robbie fowler has scored two of the hat - tricks in liverpool .	thierry henry has scored a 4 - 2 victory against liverpool in 1994 .
mario balotelli , fabio borini , rickie lambert and lazar markovic got more than they bargained for whenyoutube starbas van velzen arrived at melwood .	the merseysiders were led to believe that the dutch free - kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the anfield stars and receive a dead - ball masterclass .
golfer 's girlfriend , bikini model alexis randock , had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week .	the photo was shared with her 25 , 000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ' fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a ' gold digger .
the 25 - year - old would be the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler .	alastair cook 's team - mates were on the tour of the county circuit .	durham paceman has sought advice from the england squad .
australia coach darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during sundays world cup final win over new zealand .	wicketkeeper brad haddin came under fire for his send - off of kiwi opener martin guptill , and a photograph of haddin and all - rounder james faulkner mocking grant elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the australians fifth world cup triumph .
yorkshire have signed pujara pujara until the end of may .	the batsman is looking to be part of pakistan 's potential touring party .	pujara will turn out in the english premier league .
the 32 - year - old has won a three - year contract with warwickshire .	bell has won five trophies with warwickshire in 2004 and 2012 .	bell signed his first contract with england in the world cup .	he has won three trophies with england and warwickshire .
negri joined the ibrox outfit from italian side perugia for 3 .	5million in 1997 , scoring a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club .	however , a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow including a reserve match against aberdeen on november 13 , 2000 .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	raheem sterling scored a hat - trick for liverpool in the emirates stadium .	liverpool were beaten by arsenal in the second half .
muliaina muliaina earned a century of caps for new zealand in 2011 .	he was in action for connacht against cardiff on friday night .	muliaina was led away to a police van with the incident .
treasurer joe hockey said the states had agreed to applying the 10 per cent gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as netflix and apple .	netflix customers would only have to pay at least $1 .	99 per cent tax .
darren gough has rejoined surrey in a last - ditch bid to earn a place in the caribbean premier league this summer .	gough says there is still only a slim chance of returning for england 's ashes squad .
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009 .	he says he felt ' as good as dead ' upon receiving the news .	hartson says he loves the settled life he has reflected on his life .
brazilian online football store claims to have next season 's chelsea kit for sale on its website - and it can be purchased with gareth bale 's name on the back .	the website has published three chelsea kits with the incoming ' yokohama ' sponsor across the front , albeit without the adidas emblem , the club 's kit manufacturer .	the alleged new kit can be bought with ' bale 9 ' on the back .
arsenal beat liverpool 4 - 1 in the premier league on saturday afternoon .	alexis sanchez scored a hat - trick as liverpool beat liverpool 3 - 0 .	ozil scored a goal in a penalty spot for the visitors in the second half .
massimo cellino has claimed that red bull have launched a bid to buy the championship club .	leeds chairman andrew umbers said he was not aware of an offer from red bull when contacted by bbc radio leeds on saturday morning .	leeds united are the subject of a takeover bid from red bull .
david villa and david villa are two points behind city rivals the new york red bulls in the eastern conference .	the former barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in america , scoring once and helping his side to the mls .
steven gerrard played for the club for 11 years in 1971 .	the midfielder has been brought to the attention of the fa .	he has gone on to make 499 appearances for liverpool .
liverpool beat liverpool 4 - 1 at home in the premier league on saturday .	hector bellerin , mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and alexis sanchez are seven points behind chelsea .	arsene wenger says his team have to focus on winning every game .
kane won his first senior caps for england last week .	dalglish believes he has proven himself capable of making the step up , and should be kept fresh for the full european championships in 2016 .
manuel pellegrini accepts his side are now facing a fight to stay in the champions league places .	city appear to have lost too much ground to chelsea in the barclays premier league title race .	the fading champions could even find themselves in fourth place before they next play - at crystal palace on monday - if results go against them over the weekend .
arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium for the first 10 minutes of their protest against ticket prices .	supporters from both clubs say they are ' disgusted ' at the continuing rise of the protests .
leeds fans , kevin speight and christopher loftus , were killed before the uefa cup semi - final first leg against galatasaray in taksim square , istanbul , on april 5 , 2000 .	a minute 's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet at elland road on saturday .	sneijder tweeted on the morning of the championship match: ' finally my galatasaraysk knife set is now available and can be delivered everywhere .
deion sanders jr .	is a bad idea this week .	the ' hood doughnuts are a huxtable ' .	the wide receiver is a ' bad idea ' for his son , who is a huxtable .
analysts watch clips of beheadings , violent attacks and hard core pornography .	the analysts watch anything to gain clues about the actions of terrorists .	the nsa has watched the same material as the cia , nsa , analysts say .
members of 30 legendary bands are blended into 30 single faces .	kurt cobain is the ' face ' of the beatles because he took the lead on many songs .	u2 's eddie van halen dominate the image of van halen .
the broward state attorney 's office said they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers .	the arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and a firearm , are no longer on the police force .
up - close images captured by bornean student , captured by a bornean student .	the centipede ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but helpless in the insect 's grasp .
derek skyler brux , 22 , pleaded guilty in january for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high - speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country .	brux then crashed into an inactive union pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again .
jia binhui , 25 , cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease .	he claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body , according to the people 's daily online .
mould was used as a takeaway in gillingham , gillingham , kent , in gillingham .	he was fined 14 , 500 and ordered to pay 2 , 793 in costs .	he admitted seven offences including food safety and hygiene issues .
jose mourinho says he is a ' good person ' .	the former chelsea star says he has a ' strong faith in the ' [UNK] .	he said he is ' a strong faith ' and is a good person .
richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family .	he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice .	he played a key role in the ' godfather of cricket' .
ukip leader nigel farage has said the party has resembled a ' rugby club ' .	the party 's nigel farage is often photographed smoking cigarettes and drinking pints of beer .	the ukip leader has said it is ' myths ' and ' the party ' .
vanessa santillan 's body was found in a 400 , 000 flat in fulham , south west london .	miss santillan , 33 , was found dead at the end of the death of her death .	police are not investigating the incident .
england beat china 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day of the world cup .	england lost 2 - 0 to manchester city in the first half of the game .	fran kirby and fran kirby made the first - half lead in the 16th minute .
fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship .	the fenerbahce driver was shot in the attack on saturday night .	the bus driver was injured in the incident and was injured .
manchester united beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	louis van gaal 's side lost 2 - 0 to juventus at anfield on saturday in the second half of the season .	juan mata scored a goal - kick against liverpool in the summer .
jonathon stevenson , 16 , was just 16 years old when he asked for tips on spin bowling for left - handed leg spin .	he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the ' great man ' accompanying the letter from benaud 's advice on left - hand bowlers .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 to aston villa in the premier league .	manchester united were leading manchester united 's 1 - 0 win against aston villa .	united are now eight points clear of manchester united .
dan klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition at ramapo college in mahwah , new jersey , when he was pierced by the projectile .	police say he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process .
jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left - handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response to the ' great [UNK] ' .	jonathan stevenson , who is a director at livewire sport , was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left - hand bowlers .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract extension worth 100 , 000 a week and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season .	brendan rodgers said he would be inclined to stay at liverpool .
chelsea beat stoke 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 in the first half in the premier league on saturday .	eden hazard and loic remy scored the penalty spot in the second half .	thibaut courtois was on the scoresheet for chelsea .
the piglet was born with its back legs and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters .	the two - legged rabbit has become an internet sensation because of a cute video .
the talented toddler has become an internet sensation in china this week .	the toddler is thought to be aged between two and three years old .	the dance is also very similar to the traditional folk music .
aitor karanka 's side are top of the championship this season .	bournemouth and 10 - man watford have been this season in the premier league .	watford and watford could only play in the english top flight .
malky mackay has been at the dw stadium since 2010 .	the 32 - year - old has made no secret of his intentions to take up coaching .	wigan chairman david sharpe said the move was ' the only candidate we considered ' .
fulham defeated fulham 3 - 0 in their first premier league clash in the premier league on the day in the second half of the match .	ross mccormacks scored the only goal for the first time in his first game of the game .
peter moores was sacked as managing director of england cricket director .	moores was close to the coaching job and called him the outstanding coach of his generation .	moores is the leading candidate to replace michael vaughan .
alec stewart , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director .	all three achieved a great deal while playing for england and are well - respected figures .	sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2 - 0 on saturday .	robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club .	pep guardiola 's side restored their 10 - point lead at the top .
aitor karanka 's side are top of the championship this season .	bournemouth and 10 - man watford have been this season in the premier league .	watford and watford could only play in the english top flight .
northampton captain dylan hartley leads his team off the pitch after crushing defeat clermont winger napolioni nalaga runs with the ball during the match against northampton and wood tweeted: ' thanks to clermont for inviting us to their open training session today ' .	northampton director of rugby jim mallinder , meanwhile , admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career .
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at 1 - 1 .	the spain international is likely to miss chelsea 's upcoming barclays premier league matches against west london .	jose mourinho threw costa on at half - time after going into the interval .	costa looks despondent as he sits on the turf following another injury .
mauricio pochettino 's side beat italy 2 - 0 in their opening euro 2016 qualifier .	the 43 - year - old tripped michael owen to give away the penalty in the 2002 world cup .
rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday .	he is the view of paul mcginley , europes ryder cup captain extraordinaire , who sums up the attitude in this neat way: mcilroy is no jose mourinho .	mcilroy has designs on becoming the true figurehead of his sport .
video shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother , cody .	but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground .	the mishap was captured on camera by his father , luke , who later posted it online .
alan stubbs says he feared there would have been a guard of honour .	hearts head coach robbie neilson and robbie neilson feels that it 's not a ' lack of respect ' .	hearts face hearts in the derby on saturday .
west ham lost 2 - 1 to west ham in the premier league last year .	west ham face west ham on saturday at the end of the season .	sam allardyce is expected to be manager of west ham .
the 30 - year - old made history when she became the first female boxer to represent great britain in an olympic games .	she was the first woman to represent gb in the olympics .	jonas , a former world and european bronze medalist .
thomas compton was shot in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the masters .	the 25 - year - old was able to get up and down for the second masters .
danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on thursday .	the 27 - year - old finished one - under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par - five 13th .
arnold palmer defied his age and a shoulder injury to hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 masters .	the 85 - year - old has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder .	palmer , 85 , has been battling a longest drive for the 79th masters .
novak djokovic beat john isner in straight sets to reach the championship .	the no 1 seed will face andy murray in sunday 's final on sunday night .	the scotsman has won his fifth key biscayne title .
mercedes team - mates nico rosberg and lewis hamilton win the malaysian grand prix .	the four - time world champion beat nico rosberg in the second round of the race .	nico rosberg won the race at the malaysian gp on wednesday .
lewis hamilton was attending nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party in 2008 .	the 30 - year - old was in office as the 42nd president of the united states for eight years between 1993 - 2001 .
german gp was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems and f1 commercial head bernie ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic italian grand prix .	the race had been in doubt due to questions over which circuit would host the race , which has been shared between hockenheim and nurburgring in recent seasons .
two - time formula one world champion lewis hamilton is the world 's world champion .	the mercedes driver , who leads the drivers ' championship , discusses the physical demands of men 's health .	the 30 - year - old discusses his body art and the amount of training .
the roof of the roof was damaged by high winds during the last two days .	races will not be affected by the winds on late sunday and monday .	upcoming races will be affected .
jason robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career in which he was arrested for violent offences .	robinson , who scored for england in the 2003 world cup final victory against australia , said: ' i got into a situation where i was drinking sometimes six nights a week .
yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title .	kevin pietersen will be hoping to leave his mark at the 2015 season .	he will be able to replace the runs of the revitalised .
zimbabwe could host pakistan for five one - day international matches .	pakistan cricket board chairman shaharyar khan hopes for series of one - dayers .	zimbabwe could become the first test playing country in pakistan since 2009 .
alex rodriguez returned to the new york yankees line - up for the baseball season 's opening day following a 162 - game suspension , batting seventh and serving as designated hitter .	rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance - enhancing drugs from a florida clinic .	a - rod received a warm welcome on his comeback , with fans even holding up signs that read ' forgive ' in the crowd .
tim sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy .	levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in mauricio pochettino , ending the 46 - year - old 's five - month stay in charge and six - year relationship with the club at development level .	but rather than express bitterness at the split , sherwood , who takes villa to north london on saturday .
sunderland beat newcastle 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	steven gerrard scored 23 goals in the last eight games of the season .	brendan rodgers ' side have struggled to qualify for the republic .
the tottenham striker scored for the first time in the premier league on sunday .	tottenham striker led out his side for goalless at turf moor on easter sunday .	harry kane scored within seconds of his game against tottenham .
burnley beat burnley 1 - 0 in the premier league clash on sunday .	the 31 - year - old 's first outing as captain of spurs failed to win the game .	sky sports pundit jason shackell thinks his side must be more .
the 28 - year - old centre - back is one of the premier league clubs .	qpr travel to the loftus road stadium on monday night .	nedum [UNK] is wanted by hull city and west brom .
west ham beat west ham 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	nigel pearson says leicester survival is still a ' big ask ' .	sam allardyce says west ham are still in the top of the season .
west ham beat west ham 2 - 1 in saturday 's 2 - 0 win over west ham .	the 34 - year - old has won the spanish and italian league titles as well as the champions league .
daniel agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct after elbowing mattias jorgensen in the head .	the disciplinary committee of the danish fa found agger guilty having reviewed video footage of the incident .	agger rejoined brondby , who are fourth in the league table on 35 points , from liverpool last august .
diego de girolamo is out of contract for sheffield united this summer .	the italy international has an interest in sheffield united in the summer .	benfica are also interested in the italy under 20 signing .
neil taylor is set to make a 3million move for defender neil taylor this summer .	the 26 - year - old has been forced to listen to offers for the defender .	tony pulis is keen to sign martin olsson and chris taylor .
spurs host aston villa on saturday at white hart lane on thursday .	harry kane scored a hat - trick in open training session for fans .	mauricio pochettino 's side face aston villa at home on saturday .
west brom boss jeremy peace is ready to shelve the sale of west bromwich albion .	aston villa are already in talks with the club 's plans for next season .	jeremy peace will be kept informed of developments by the club .
qpr beat qpr 2 - 0 to lose 3 - 2 to west brom in 3 - 0 win over west brom .	bobby zamora scored a hat - trick for qpr in the second half .	qpr beat west brom 3 - 1 in december .
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season .	tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery .	the west ham united midfielder hopes to move to west ham .
the celtic boss admits that the first six months in charge was mentally tough .	he had been steeped in the nuances of scottish football , such as a dressing room full of strangers , and the players .
haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall .	vuckic has denied a report on tyneside saying he had already declared his intention to quit st james .	he has won six times since signing for rangers .
carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .	ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee after he was chopped down by antonio amaya .	the decision means ronaldo could be suspended for the match against real madrid .
united have 3 - 1 victory over aston villa 's 2 - 1 win over manchester derby .	united have only lost twice in the premier league this year .	ferdinand says united have a lot of ' more than ever results ' .	manchester united 's 3 - 0 win over liverpool last weekend .
the 31 - year - old has been out of the ring for 12 months since his undefeated career .	he is now the defending champion in the opposite corner of the world .	quillin is a 71 per cent knockout point .
billy joe saunders and eubank jnr are both set to fight at wembley arena on may 9 .	the pair were set to play at the new york arena on november 29 .	saunders is due to face at the wembley stadium on november .
manchester city face crystal palace in the premier league .	harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season 's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively .	murray was out on loan at reading until january .	costa is expected to miss two weeks of action with a hamstring injury .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 0 in la liga on sunday .	antoine griezmann scores 15th goal of the season in the fifth minute .	the 20 - year - old has not played since sustaining a painful blow to the kidneys .
joey barton says his side have a ' hell of a chance ' of staying up .	bobby zamora scored 4 - 1 win against west brom in the premier league .	joey barton said his side had a ' poor [UNK] .
alan pardew says he is better than most of the premier league 's big - star managers but has no plans to leave selhurst park .	the crystal palace boss has no thoughts of leaving selhurst park for a table - topping side .	crystal palace have won six out of 10 league games .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	manchester united climbed above rivals manchester city on saturday night .	wayne rooney scored a goal for manchester united at old trafford .
manchester city beat manchester city 1 - 0 in the champions league last 16 .	united have lost five straight matches to their local premier league champions .	the 29 - year - old wants to avoid a fifth round of manchester city .
ander herrera scored a hat - trick for manchester united in the premier league .	louis van gaal 's side face aston villa on deadline day in august .	the 25 - year - old has scored seven goals in the 21 games .
anthony gavern was returning from a five - month lay - off after suffering a stress fracture in his back .	the 37 - year - old complained he had taken a blow to the back of his head .	joshua dropped gavern twice in the second round in the third round .
dereck chisora has been back in the gym for the past month .	his promoter frank warren has confirmed that chisora is being lined up for a low - key comeback as part of the fight .
lee mcculloch has been given a two - match ban on sunday .	he has been warned he could lose his place in the ibrox line - up .	lee mcculloch said he was out of the frame a ' wee bit under kenny ' .	mccall also warned the former scotland cap could cost him his place .
rangers host rangers in the premier league on saturday evening .	dave king is back on the rangers board after being cleared by the court of session .	the south african - born businessman has been holding off at the club .
fabian orellana has been handed a one - match ban by the spanish football federation following his straight - red card for throwing grass at barcelona midfielder sergio busquets .	the 1 - 0 defeat by barcelona leaves celta 11th in the league table with 35 points , comfortable mid - table and safe from relegation .	orellana will miss his side 's next game against granada on wednesday night .
35 - year - old barcelona star recently travelled to qatar to discuss a possible switch to al sadd ahead of next season and has managed just five starts in 21 games during 2015 .	the 35 - year - old barcelona star recently travelled to qatar to discuss a possible switch to al sadd ahead of next season .
franck ribery claims he turned down real madrid five years ago because he was ' as important for bayern ' .	franck ribery was told he would stay after being sold on his importance by the club 's elite .	the bayern midfielder has won four titles as well as bayern munich and barcelona .
dortmund face hoffenheim in the dfb pokal on tuesday .	jurgen klopp 's side have failed to score in 27 games in the bundesliga .	dortmund international pierre - emerick aubameyang leads the goal .
antonio di natale believes alexis sanchez is better than neymar .	the former world cup winners francesco totti and alessandro del piero are among them .	di natale claims his former team - mate is the best partner .
juventus beat a first - leg 3 - 1 defeat by alvaro morata .	carlos tevez was to miss the match due to a thigh injury just hours before kick - off .	carlos marchisio and morata scored in the second half .
roma have been ordered to close part of their next home game .	roma fans were involved in clashes between supporters last year .	the son of a napoli fan died after being shot in violent clashes .
norwich , aston villa and manchester united are out of contract .	norwich , leicester , villa and aston villa are also interested in their top - 21 team aged just 18 .	his contract runs out this summer and villa have made an offer of fresh terms .
alan mackay was sacked by malky mackay on monday .	mackay was sensationally sacked by wigan athletic after he was sacked in november .	mackay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with the scot .
celtic lost 2 - 0 to st mirren in the scottish premiership on tuesday night .	stefan johansen scored the points clear of the points with a 79th minute penalty .	ronny deila 's side have won four points behind motherwell .
ronny deila lauded his players for stretching their lead at the top of the premiership with victory at st mirren .	a james forrest strike and stefan johansens penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side as celtic moved eight points clear of aberdeen .
ian poulter says he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on augusta national .	he has still never won the masters for his affections of the year .	poulter has simply said to hell with it , he says .
the great man considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen .	so you can imagine how excited he is at the prospect of rory mcilroy becoming just the sixth player to win all four majors .
rory mcilroy is ranked 111th in the world at the open championship .	rory mcilroy has the chance to join the exalted company of just five men .	mcilroy is targeting his third major title in the 2015 .
luis enrique says he is not concerned by neymar 's recent drought .	barcelona manager luis enrique insists he is ' not concerned ' by neymar .	barcelona boss luis enrique wants to return to the nou camp .	click here for barcelona transfer news .
manuel pellegrini claimed he does not fear the sack after manchester citys title hopes suffered a big blow at crystal palace .	palace piled the pressure on the chilean with an outstanding win that was secured by goals from glenn murray and jason puncheon .	it leaves city in fourth place , nine points behind barclays premier league leaders chelsea , and sweating on qualification for next seasons champions league .
the world no 1 is the favourite to win the masters this week .	mcilroy and his idol will play at augusta for the masters next week .	the clip is one of only four players to beat the masters last week .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1 - 0 in the premier league on celta vigo .	neymar has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games in the la liga fixture .	the former manchester united midfielder has not been himself for the .
charlie adam scores the goal of his career at stoke city 's defeat to chelsea .	the 29 - year - old was left on the back of the net at stamford bridge .	adam later told the bbc:'i ' the disappointing thing was we lost the [UNK] .
john terry hailed eden hazard as one of the world 's best players after the belgian inspired the blues to a 2 - 1 win over stoke .	hazard tucked home a penalty to put chelsea in front before charlie adam scored a memorable 66 - yard equaliser for the visitors .	but loic remy was on hand to turn home hazard 's square pass to wrap up the three points and take chelsea seven points clear at the top of the premier league .
raheem sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a tv documentary charting brendan rodgers early days in charge from a pre - season training session .	sterling is a 20 - year - old england international and a cornerstone of liverpools first team .	on wednesday he was back on tv again but this time he was attempting to call the shots .	he does not want to stay at anfield unless he can win trophies .
paul casey says he is ' desperate ' to play in the ryder cup in augusta .	casey played ahead of the masters in augusta , augusta , in 2004 .	casey finished sixth in the honda classic to climb to 44th at the time .
watford defeated watford 2 - 0 in their premier league clash on tuesday .	tom ince scored the only goal of the penalty spot in the first half .	darren ince scored his first goal for his first half of the game .
united have failed to win any of their last 10 games without a win .	united have dropped like a first derby defeat in 11 years .	dundee united have beaten 2 - 0 by celtic in the scottish cup .
paris saint - germain striker mario balotelli has been linked with a ' bad relationship ' with zlatan ibrahimovic and zlatan ibrahimovic .	cavani says he has a breakdown in the pair 's relationship with the sweden international .	cavani has reiterated his relationship with cavani .
nick abendanon was perhaps the only happy englishman at stade marcel michelin on saturday night and , after leading northampton a merry dance , he revealed faint but lingering world cup hopes .	abendanon won the last of his two caps for england back in 2007 , but he was still on the coaches radar until his move across the channel last summer .	the 28 - year - old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad .
in the australian outback , you need a guide who will get down and dirty .	in the air , the tour guides will be able to catch a mob of emus in the distance .	emus belong to the same family of flightless birds .
tottenham have registered their interest in marseille star andre ayew .	the 25 - year - old fits into mauricio pochettino 's plans to sign young and hungry players who can fit into his high - tempo style of play this summer .	spurs are facing stiff competition in the race to land ayew .
aston villa host qpr in the premier league on tuesday night .	tim sherwood has said he does not have the players to grind out results .	the club will return to the bottom three if he tries to save them .
tottenham striker kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days .	harry kane was captain for tottenham hotspur in the premier league match against burnley .	tottenham went into the race for champions league qualification after liverpool 's loss burnley .
raheem sterling wants to focus on his football rather than his contract .	the 68 - year - old 's contract expires at the end of the season .	harry redknapp says sterling is not ready to move to real madrid .
raheem sterling has not said he wants to leave the club in the summer .	brendan rodgers insists he is considering his future at the club .	sterling has never signed a new contract at liverpool .
michael owen says the 20 - year - old is not good enough to make the same move to the spanish capital .	owen , like sterling , started his senior career at liverpool in 2004 .	he is expected to start for liverpool in the premier league .
raheem sterling is a more talented player than gunners star mesut ozil .	the former liverpool forward made the claim before brendan rodgers ' men lost 4 - 1 at the emirates on saturday - a game in which ozil netted his side 's second goal .	owen 's opinion drew criticism on social media but the ex - england man has refused to back down .
olivier giroud has been named as the premier league player of the month in a row .	giroud scored five times in arsenal 's 2 - 1 win against manchester city .	the arsenal face manchester city in the final on saturday .
20 - year - old has turned down a new 100 , 000 - a - week deal with liverpool .	the liverpool striker has been dealt with a new ' uncomfortable week ' .	the england striker has scored four goals in the premier league games .
raheem sterling is believed to be an agent in his role as an agent at the time .	he is confident that sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer .
women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to dove unbeknownst to the women , those negative remarks and self - body shaming were turned into a script created in france , dove asked a group of women - all beautiful and impeccably chic - to write down every thought they had about themselves .
toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9 .	45am on friday in yuma , arizona .	after a police search that lasted more than an hour , the brothers were pulled from the water .	they were flown by a u.s. marine corps helicopter to a yuma hospital .
former us president george h .	w . bush is a fan of former president george bush .	he is a former president and his wife , roy m .	bush , 90 , fell ill in december .	he was hospitalized after being treated for shortness of breath .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a volkswagenpassat on wednesday morning in wembley .	the imam , described as ' the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet' .	he was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace , the an - noor mosque in acton .
gang of fly - tippers have dumped a staggering 40 tonnes of industrial waste at the side of the road in a pretty suffolk village .	the mounds of rubbish , described by one police officer as the worst he has seen in almost 30 years , will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up .	it is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the industrial waste inwalsham - le - willows , between eye and bury st edmunds .
leaflet attached to green bins told stratford - upon - avon were left red - faced after a leaflet promoting recycling .	could not itself be ' recycled ' and could not be recycled .	the recycling rate of just 59 per cent .
cody was found dead in the bog in belvederesouth , south east london .	the horse fell at the first hurdle after wandering into a bog in belvedere , london .	cody was covered head to the mud after being dragged to safety .
the 58 - year - old is one of the first two rounds of the day to make the cut at the masters for the first time in 10 years .	mark o'mearacarded is the third oldest man in the field in the first round in the 1998 .	he was one of five birdies in his second , including three in four rounds .
the 58 - year - old has been relegated for the first time in his first game in charge of the club .	sturrock has been tipped for promotion in the premier league on the season .	he has been promoted five times as a manager .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2 - 1 in the premier league clash .	edin dzeko and his crystal palace team - mates reflect on their premier league defeat at the etihad stadium .	the move is likely to cost the club in 12 , 000 .
robbie fowler is already among the names of the best premier league strikers of all time , with only five players scoring more than his 162 goals .	the former liverpool , leeds and manchester city hitman broke on to the scene as a goalscoring sensation at anfield in 1993 and would go on to win 26 caps with england .	but fowler couldn't resist naming an ultimate starting xi from players who featured during his era .
perth glory fans set off a series of flares during which a 13 - year - old boy suffered burns to his leg at nib stadium in perth .	police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during the match at sydney fc .	the boy , who has been charged with grievous bodily harm , will appear in perth children 's court .
john singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales .	singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $4 .	25 million in 2007 .	the property has been managed as a luxury holiday home .
portraits of children in include children , and professional stars .	cricket legend matthew .	com . com . com . co - owned by james faulkner .
eagle scout brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn , new york , home on february 17 , but didn't come back .	his body was found floating in a creek near a new york home 44 days ago .	the body of a 20 - year - old was found near a marine park back in mid - february and got disoriented .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada .	footage shows her front paws down to play some tunes with her nose .	sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature .
everton will look to extend gibson 's contract this summer .	the 27 - year - old has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months .	everton will rekindle their long - term interest in tom cleverley 's summer .
darron gibson was injured in the 2 - 1 win over queens park rangers last month .	the everton midfielder has been forced to miss the rest of the season .	the belgian international is expects to return to pre - season in saturday .
the pair were stuck in the motorway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions 4 and 5 in ortford , kent .	kent police received reports that people were stranded on the wrong side of the carriageway when it was closed .
21 - year - old american was chewing up golfs most spectacular course , the teenager from scotland was suffering the role in reverse .	neil earned his invitation to the masters after winning the scottish boys championship in 2013 and then the british amateur championship last year .
bradley neil played with 1988 masters winner sandy lyle .	the 19 - year - old was missing the cut on his masters debut at augusta national .	neil still harboured hopes of a ' kick up the arse ' after his first round .
the 27 - year - old had been in his line - of - sight at the masters on thursday .	willett , 27 , carded a two - time 71 yards away in a golf cart .
world no 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one - under - par grand slam .	the bst - year - old will have to be able to make a third round of .	mcilroy and the world no .	1 were also in attendance at the end of friday .
andy murray will face novak djokovic in the miami open final on sunday .	the 27 - year - old is set to marry his fiancee in the semi - final in dunblane next saturday .	murray has lost nine out of his last 10 matches .
lewis hamilton and mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton won the first race of the season .	mercedes chief toto wolff says he has left no stone unturned in the future .	mercedes boss toto wolff claims his team will not be able to return .
sebastian vettel has won the second race of the season with a win in malaysia .	the mercedes team - mate nico rosberg is expected to take the lead in china this weekend .	hamilton won the australian grand prix in malaysia last month .
tom croft has signed a new deal with leicester .	the 29 - year - old suffered a broken neck and missed most of last season with a knee injury .	he was left facing six months of rehabilitation .
lawrence dallaglio is the nation 's solitary representative in the semi - final .	bath , northampton and wasps beat northampton nine - 11 in the top 14 .	dallaglio says it is a ' balance ' between the english and french leagues .	dallaglio said it was a ' crisis ' for the french rugby and french team .
the 45 - year - old will be sold to the club for the rest of the season .	the club have been placed on high alert after it was ruled out for the club .	glasgow warriors have been on a high alert for castres .
derbyshire wicketkeeper tom poynton has been rewarded for his return from injury .	the former derbyshire wicketkeeper will be available for the start of the season .	he has worked for his off - the - pre - season tour of derbyshire .
mike ashley has been given security over the icons and logos .	ashley has grabbed control of the club 's badges as part of the 5million loan .	rangers have promised to ' probe ' mike ashley and ashley .
carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .	ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee after he was chopped down by antonio amaya .	the decision means ronaldo could be suspended for the match against real madrid .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league .	manchester city 's 2 - 1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night .	louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .
chinese grand prix would be a potential title in the first race of the 2005 grand prix in the last year .	the shanghai grand prix held in the shanghai circuit in 2004 and has been home to the event .
sergio aguero has scored six goals in the premier league this season .	sergio aguero scored the winner at old trafford on sunday .	the argentine has scored the only goal of the season .	click here for all the latest argentine news .
lazio beat lazio 1 - 0 in the final of the coppa italia on sunday .	they will face lazio in the coppa final on wednesday night .	lazio will face juventus in the eighth final .
real madrid midfielder alvaro rodriguez is ' worth his weight in gold ' .	the 23 - year - old has scored 13 goals so far this season .	los blancos are currently bottom of premier league .	click here for all the news .
chelsea beat stoke 2 - 1 by stoke city in the premier league on saturday .	hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy 's 65 - yard strike .	chelsea take a seven - point lead at top of the standings .
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 2 - 0 in the semi - final on wednesday .	pep guardiola believes the team is shackled by the absence of franck ribery and arjen robben .	the shoot - up is doubtful for the german champions .
hector bellerin has been linked with a return to arsenal .	the 20 - year - old scored his second goal for arsenal in the 4 - 1 victory against liverpool on saturday .	the young spaniard has impressed arsene wenger and arsene wenger .
the 27 - year - old will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed that the defender will need to be replaced with the caption: ' parisien! '	the psg defender will miss both legs of their quarter - final tie against barcelona .
eight teams will be crowned champions of the tournament 's eighth edition of the world cup .	eight teams to play a total of 60 games in the indian premier league on may 24 .	the final taking place at eden gardens in kolkata on april 8 .
christian benteke 's hat - trick secured a vital point for aston villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals qpr .	aston villa 4 - 4 - 2 ( diamond ) brad guzan 6 .	5 gave austin too much space for his strike and looked a little rusty after his spell out .	kieran richardson 5 .	5 full of energy and linked play down the right before coming off with boot in hand .
tim sherwood believes his star names must dig deep into the premier league relegation zone .	sherwood has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .	qpr will face qpr on tuesday night .
jack wilshere is set to play for arsenal under 21s on tuesday night .	jack wilshere has been out of action since november .	diaby has been blighted by injuries for the best part of a decade .
jack wilshere is set to play for arsenal under 21s on tuesday night .	jack wilshere has been out of action since november .	diaby has been blighted by injuries for the best part of a decade .
liam treadwell won the race on venetia williams - trained 100 - 1 shot mon mome in 2009 .	monbeg won the grand national in 2009 - has been booked for the ride on michael tindall .
alastair cook says he is ' refreshed ' at home to new zealand .	he has had a taste already of the remainder of this year to win the innings .	the captain 's first task was to lead england to the world cup in the summer .
kevin pietersen has not played in the lv= county championship since 2013 .	the 34 - year - old is set to start the season with the brown caps .	pietersen 's chances of a three - day warm - up against oxford mccu .
kevin pietersen has not played in the lv= county championship since 2013 .	the 34 - year - old is set to start the season with the brown caps .	pietersen 's chances of a three - day warm - up against oxford mccu .
nabil fekir has been attracting interest from premier league clubs .	the 21 - year - old has been linked with a move to manchester city .	his father says he would not want him to sit on the bench at man city .
fabian orellana has been handed a one - match ban by the spanish football federation following his straight - red card for throwing grass at barcelona midfielder sergio busquets .	the 1 - 0 defeat by barcelona leaves celta 11th in the league table with 35 points , comfortable mid - table and safe from relegation .	orellana will miss his side 's next game against granada on wednesday night .
manchester city are confident uefas punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will be lifted at the end of the 2015/16 season but the clubs latest financial figures showed drastically - reduced losses of 23million which they feel proves they are now compliant with fpp regulations .	manchester united , barcelona , liverpool and arsenal have all paid more in transfer fees than city in the last 12 months .
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval .	chelsea striker diego costa was forced off with recurrence of hamstring injury .	he was assisted in the same premier league .
brittany lewis beat stacy lewis in a play - off hole in 2009 .	the 29 - year - old take a jump into poppie 's pond for the second time .	she won the final of the lpga 's opening - round tournament .
burnley host tottenham in the premier league on sunday .	sean dyche has been linked with a move to newcastle at the weekend .	derby want sean dyche to replace steve mcclaren this summer .
jordan henderson is not ready to give up on liverpool 's champions league .	the 24 - year - old scored a penalty at the emirates on saturday .	he told liverpool 's official website: ' we knew it was going to be difficult [to finish in the top four] .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey know how their careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at villa park .	from living 10 minutes apart in buckinghamshire and bedfordshire , the pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in birmingham , relishing the pressure .	qpr can go above villa with three points on tuesday night , plunging sherwoods team into the relegation zone .
darren bent could still return to aston villa in the summer .	paul lambert and rams boss steve mcclaren took the chance to add the experienced striker to his line - up on loan until the end of the campaign .	but with tim sherwood now in charge at villa park the 31 - year - old is keeping his options open .
aston villa host qpr in the premier league on tuesday night .	tim sherwood has said he does not have the players to grind out results .	the club will return to the bottom three if he tries to save them .
burnley boss sean dyche insists he is enjoying life at turf moor .	dyche says he is ' enjoying the challenge here .	i am not looking , ' dyche says .	burnley manager sean dyche has dismissed speculation .
john terry was caught up in a race controversy with ex - qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011 .	terry was cleared in court of racially abusing the player but was banned for four matches and fined 220 , 000 by the fa for the fall - out .	terry has been stripped of the england squad for ' using abusive language related to colour ' .	cahill says he has been through so many good times .
chris ramsey 's side are still in the relegation zone but the defender believes other teams will be worried about them .	hill scored his first barclays premier league goal in tuesday 's 3 - 3 draw at aston villa , a result which denied qpr the chance to climb out of the bottom three .
west brom are in no danger of tumbling out of the premier league .	chris ramsey and tim sherwood are in attendance for the first time since march 1994 .	ramsey and ramsey will be pulling no punches at aston villa .
qpr beat aston villa 2 - 1 at villa park in the premier league on saturday .	christian benteke scored his first barclays premier league goal for rangers .	les bleus beat qpr 1 - 1 in the first half .
jose mourinho will play nemanja matic and cesc fabregas against queens park rangers .	the pair are both just one booking away from suspension , a dangerous situation given the top of the table clash against the gunners next weekend and trip to old trafford on april 17 .	but mourinho insists his midfield twosome will play at loftus road on sunday .
20 - year - old has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan since he signed for chelsea in january 2013 , was with vitesses squad for their trip to excelsior and fined by the dutch club .	wallace won't be in the selection for the match against excelsior , a statement from vitesse read .
watford beat middlesbrough 2 - 1 in the premier league on monday .	troy deeney scored 63 goals in the last three games in the past three seasons .	watford beat birmingham 2 - 0 in their premier league last season .	bradley johnson and matt ritchie are also interested in the top .
melissa wilson and her team - mates are on the brink of making history .	after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male literature spectators .
oxford university women 's boat race team were rescued from the thames by the royal national lifeboat institution ( rnli ) on wednesday after being overcome by choppy waters .	crew members from the chiswick rnli station came to the assistance of the oxford crew and their cox , who were training for the boat race which - along with the men 's race - takes place on saturday , april 11 .	after the rowers were returned safely to putney , the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford 's base .
wasps are set to appeal the three - match ban handed to no 8 nathan hughes for knocking out george north north in the 52 - 30 aviva premiership defeat at franklin 's gardens on march 27 .	the club have said in a statement they will appeal on the grounds that left northampton wing george north unconscious and resulted in a red card for hughes was an accident and no foul play had occurred .	with the hearing scheduled to be held next friday , it means hughes can not be reprieved in time .
george north has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least one month off after suffering his third concussion in four months playing for northampton last week .	the wales and lions wing will be reassessed at the end of april .
northampton and lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club ahead of the biggest game of their season to date following his third alarming head injury in the space of two months .	the 22 - year - old was knocked unconscious when struck by wasps no 8 nathan hughes 's knee as he was scoring a try at franklin 's gardens last friday night .
tom lineham scores a hat - trick as hull beat widnes 22 - 8 at the kc stadium .	the 22 - year - old scored a treble in a losing cause at castleford side widnes .
leeds rhino 's ryan hall was sent to the sin - bin for the first time in his career in the first half of the game .	the rhinos were handed an early lead in the second half .
jacob fairbank faces a spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage .	the 25 - year - old was injured in halifax 's victory over hunslet on easter monday .
jonathan trott failed twice with the bat during england 's warm - up for the first test against west indies in antigua on monday .	trott is dismissed by his england team - mate james anderson in st kitts trotts only rival for the opener slot , yorkshires adam lyth , was dropped twice before falling to a poor shot outside off - stump for 23 but alastair cook .
ben stokes starred with the ball on the first day of england 's warm - up match .	england beat st kitts & nevis in the tour match in the world cup .	alastair cook and ben stokes scored three wickets for the hosts .
the 84 - year - old died on friday in the car accident in sydney on friday .	benaud said he was ' coping with it .	i wish i had , ' he said .	he was influenced by the example of the cricket commentary .
chelsea beat stoke 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	loic remy scored his second consecutive goal in the game .	the striker scored the winner in the league 's 2 - 0 win over stoke .
cameron philp philp pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property .	he spat on the side of brisbane magistrates ' court on friday .	mr philp said he was ' fined for wilful damage ' of police .
former olympic gymnast , louis smith , is the former towie star .	the 25 - year - old has been gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the ' belfie' , kim kardashian .
cressida bonas , 26 , says she is more than happy being single following her relationship with prince harry .	says she has long dreamed of becoming an actress and wanted to pursue the career .
alleged man has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects ' on the basis of their color' , insisting that ' there are good cops out there' ' .	in the footage , which has gone viral on social media , will stack , a 22 - year - old u.s. army national guardsman , recounts his own experience with a ' caucasian officer ' in the state 's lexington county .
the 40 - year - old is due to be appointed as director of england cricket .	former team - mate vaughan is the hot favourite to be the senior member 's job .	pietersen has largely kept his distance from a formal role with the ecb .
kevin pietersen has backed the surrey team - mate kevin pietersen .	the 34 - year - old is gearing up for his first county championship on thursday .	pietersen is set to make an international comeback for surrey .
alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england .	the former england captain has not yet been approached by the ecb .	he has also made clear his desire to help english cricket .
kyle walker faces another two weeks on the sidelines after picking up an injury against burnley earlier this month .	tottenham 's kyle walker is expected to be sidelined for a further four weeks as he faces another four weeks out .
arsene wenger is march 's winner of the month award for april 2002 .	arsene wenger and arsenal won the league title in april 2005 .	ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in the award .
francis coquelin has been in arsenal since returning from loan .	the 23 - year - old is determined to prove himself at arsenal .	arsene wenger 's side have been in the centre of the game .
tim sherwood could move to tottenham in tottenham this summer .	sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at tottenham .	sherwood has lost six out of his seven games in charge .	sherwood wants darren bent from tottenham .
jeanetta riley , 35 , a mother - of - three , was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint on the evening of july 8 , 2014 .	the troubled native american woman , who was addicted to meth and alcohol , had been taken to the hospital by her husband , 44 - year - old shane , following threats she made to kill herself , according to theguardian .
dina talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the confederation of african football 's ( caf ) ordinary general assembly in cairo .	delegates from the country including fifa president sepp blatter .
georgina rojas - medina , 41 , and her common - law husband , gerardo tovar , 44 .	neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couples 4 - year - old daughter just after midnight on saturday .	the 4 - year - old girl had to make after finding her mother shot to death and a father who'd killed himself , reports abc30 .
the pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .	todd phillips , a front - outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tyres and fuel .
dr seuss fans flock to alaska to visit a 12 - house - high structure that looks like one of his illustrations .	the house is bound together with metal sticks and unusual resemblance to dr seuss 's books .
findings come after the general secretary of the national association of head teachers said he was dubious about using the device on their own and non - ipad users .	shared ipad students scored around 30 points higher than students who used the device .
john axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the colorado rockies .	his son jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month .	his family will board an emergency medical flight on monday to denver for more treatment .
the male pilot was killed in the crash , and three passengers have been taken to a hospital .	the cause of the crash - landed between a wildlife fence and a guardrail , just feet away from passing cars .
the premier league champions were last year deemed to have breached ffp rules .	manchester city captain vincent kompany has guided city to pick up two premier league titles , a fa cup and the capital one cup in the past .
men are more likely to chat about their children over a pint with their friends .	relationship issues and sexual problems are also high on the agenda for discussion down the boozer .	those from the pub were from hidden cameras in a east london pub .
three former lewis moody and josh lewsey were on a charity expedition to raise money for the lewis moody foundation and the royal marines charitable trust .	three former england rugby star and danny grewcock were taken to the north pole despite the accident .
richie benaud remembered as ' godfather of cricket' ' .	he died in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and richie benaud .	he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november .
manchester united manager louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men , using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf .	the striker has had to wait for that honour , however , with his first goal ending a barren run stretching back eight hours and 39 minutes to the defeat home to barcelona in february .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league .	manchester city 's 2 - 1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night .	louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .
alan stubbs reveals his side record a win with a 2 - 0 win at the weekend .	the hibs have won their league cup semi - final against falkirk in the premier league on the day of the season .	stubbs singled out el alagui for special praise .
diane blankenship , 45 , is accused of having sex with a 14 - year - old boy in the backseat of her car .	she has been charged with $100 , 000 .	blankenship is charged with unlawful sexual activity and a bail .
police have shut down an enormous 1000 rave on mcpherson street in botany , sydney .	police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him .	police are currently investigating whether the party was advertised on social media .
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne .	they are wanted by victoria police for a series of break - ins on at least five different establishments in the area .
clare verrall , 31 , was left with a broken nose , broken nose and broken toe from the altercation .	the 31 - year - old was wearing a jeans and a black hoodie at the time of the incident .	during the fight , she kneed in the groin and kicked him before she fled her .
the 65 - year - old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts in the world .	he has chronicled conflicts in africa , europe and the middle east through painting , photography and film .
troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven - month - old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home .	footage shows the duo rolling around together and stopping for nose rubs .
visitors to a wildlife park in new zealand got to encounter a pride of lions up - close and personal .	the video shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through the cage .
one of the planes had issued a may - day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane , which was idling on the runway .	the crash occurred at moorabin airport , near melbourne , shortly before noon on saturday .	it is believed the planes were severely injured in the crash .
jose mourinho has been trialling a formation with ramires and nemanja matic .	eden hazard has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of chelsea 's last 11 games .	chelsea are four points clear of the league .
sebastian vettel won his first win in the spanish grand prix on wednesday .	the win means ferrari 's first win of the season 's first victory in the season .	vettel won the malaysian grand prix for the first time in the world .
david powell , 73 , charged with the murder of his 95 - year - old mother .	the pensioner 's body was found at her home in doncaster lane , penkhull , stoke - on - trent .	police were called to the scene at newcastle - under - trent on thursday .
dave doggett , cambridge , believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games .	he said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement .
trotting into aintree in aintree , aintree , may have been out of the grounds of the bridal party and the ladies of aintree .	the mid - gentlemen 's gentlemen 's ladies ' day opted for outfits .
alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , is a swedish guinness world record holder .	he is known as ' the daredevil ' and jumped over everything from a car to a pair of moving .
u.s. rc - 135u reconnaissance plane was flying near the baltic sea in international airspace when a russian su - 27 flanker cut into its path .	pentagon claims it was ' unprofessional ' and ' unsafe' .
alan gordon scored a first - half winner for la galaxy .	robbie keane and clint dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury .	the galaxy were able to find just their second win of a difficult campaign so far .
eden hazard is reaching the incredible standards of lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo with his dancing feet .	sky sports pundit souness believes hazard , who has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of premier league games , will be named the pfa player of the year .	souness compares the rapid belgian with leading world stars .
jordan spieth will tee off at 2:45pm ( 7:55pm bst ) on saturday .	the northern irishman will be joined in saturday 's final pairing with dustin hoffman .	the 21 - year - old will be out of course at 12:45pm ( 7:45pm bst ) and 2:35pm bst .	rory mcilroy and tiger woods will also be joined by charley watson .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen .	the 25 - year - old has lived in the united kingdom for seven years .	aljaz bedene is now the british number two .
lewis hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend 's chinese grand prix .	the mercedes driver won the mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in the first practice 1 .	[UNK] 3 . [UNK] .
the 50 - year - old grilled red bull 's chief technical officer adrian newey .	reeves , 50 , has been pictured at grand prix in the past - and checked out pit stops .
fernando alonso says he will retire from chinese grand prix .	fernando alonso said he will finish his career with two titles .	he says he is the best of his life in the world .
sergio perez fears ' a very painful year ' lies ahead if force india 's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud .	build - time pressure over the winter resulted in the silverstone - based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace .	the additional knock - on effect means a delay in the silverstone - based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace .
daniel ricciardo practices with a martial artist at guyi garden for a pr event before he starts putting friday free practice laps around the shanghai circuit , and attempted to hold different stances and poses as he bids to improve on a sixth place finish in australia as well as a disappointing 10th in malaysia .
tony mccoy broke his duck on the jessica harrington - trained gelding .	jezki has been out of luck with his opening three rides in the sun .	mccoy has been besieged by autograph .
saracens beat saracens 12 - 11 in european champions cup semi - final .	jacques thomas has been appointed as independent judicial officer .	welshman jacques burger has been cited for alleged foul play .
tim swiel will return to the club next season on a full - time contract .	the 21 - year - old spent four months on loan with quins earlier this season .	swiel , 21 , will face the club in the summer of the season .
charlie hemphrey has been striving for over the past decade .	the 25 - year - old was one of the 18 players that make up our domestic game .	the former folkestone grammar school pupil suffered a second - class career .
ramdin hope and carlos brathwaite have been included in a 14 - man squad for the first test against england .	the islanders have been stood down for the opening game of the three - match series in antigua .
steven finn was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run .	the 26 - year - old was sent off through england 's world cup warm - up over india .
dzhokhar tsarnaev and his defence team as the guilty verdicts on all charges against him were read on wednesday .	the jury will now decide whether the 21 - year - old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison .	tsarnaev 's conviction was widely expected , given his lawyer 's startling admission during opening statements .
team - mate elia viviani was involved in a major crash in the final kilometre of scheldeprijs on wednesday .	the team - mates were part of a major team sky line - up in the one - dayscheldeprijs race .
harry kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season .	he has scored three goals in his last five games in the premier league .	sherwood has scored seven goals in the last four games .
crystal palace beat crystal palace 1 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	jack rodwell will return to the squad after a 3 - 1 win over crystal palace .	crystal palace are looking to win four premier league games .
the 31 - year - old was the only united player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekends 1 - 0 defeat at sunderland .	the midfielder is one of the very few players currently respected by a disgruntled fanbase who are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs .
hammers sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of second - placed burnley .	the hammers sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of second - placed burnley .	west ham manager sam allardyce has outlined his ambition to qualify for the europa league next season .
the ibrox side crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at palmerston as derek lyle , gavin reilly and a lee wallace own goal gave queen of the souths play - off hopes a massive boost .	mccall is adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss and he expects his players to bounce back in sundays home meeting with raith rovers .
neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest instagram offering certainly proves that his footballing brain never stops as he shows off his skills out of hours .	barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of the table .
wayne rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as manchester united beat manchester city 2 - 1 in 2011 .	united have forced their way above city in the premier league table for the first time since november 2013 , and should louis van gaals red - hot team beat their suddenly - fragile rivals on sunday afternoon .
manchester city beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	manuel pellegrini is looking to take on manchester united in the last - two match .	louis van gaal is relishing the prospect of playing in the city .
41 - year - old says he is ' [UNK] ' if they want to be sacked .	he has been out of french premier league cup final on sunday .	geronimi says he was ' unacceptable ' but did not return to .
mls beat new york city 2 - 1 for the union 's first major league soccer win .	vincent nogueira scores in stoppage time and philadelphia beat mls - leading vancouver .	zach pfeffer scored in the 75th minute for philadelphia .
lazio face empoli 1 - 0 at the emirates on wednesday night .	lazio face napoli in the semi - final on wednesday evening .	lazio are one of the favourites to win the champions coppa .
roberto vitiello hopes the sicilian outfit can improve its dismal form on the road starting on sunday at udinese .	the islanders have not tasted victory away from home since november 2 when they won 2 - 0 at ac milan .	udinese have not won in their last four games and coach andrea stramaccioni is desperate for a positive reaction from his players .
manchester city beat manchester city 1 - 1 in the premier league on monday night .	manchester united beat manchester united 1 - 0 at selhurst park on monday .	glenn murray and gerard pique both had a hat - trick against manchester city .	murray now gets a little taste of the limelight .
manchester city beat manchester city 2 - 1 in the premier league .	the manchester city striker has not been out of team all season .	murray 's first - half goal was tested just once in the first half .	manchester city appealed for offside .
real madrid beat celta vigo 2 - 1 in la liga on sunday .	real beat granada 9 - 1 on sunday with cristiano ronaldo 's first five - goal haul .	james broke a bone in his foot and is four points behind barca .
real madrid beat real madrid in the quarter - finals of the champions league .	fernando hierro believes real madrid are confident that real madrid can win a real madrid champions league for a second successive year .	carlo ancelotti 's side face atletico madrid in a quarter - final last year 's real madrid .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9 - 1 on sunday .	the real madrid star was in unstoppable form as carlo ancelotti 's men beat celta vigo 1 - 0 .
real madrid beat granada 3 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	the 25 - year - old scored five goals in 9 - 1 win against granada .	gareth bale scored twice and assisting another in the 25th minute .	cristiano ronaldo scored twice for real madrid .
west ham have won the premier league title since the start of the season .	the club have lost their last 12 premier league games this season .	sam allardyce has said the last 12 games have been ' exceedingly disappointing ' .	west ham are currently in the bottom of the table .
manchester city host manchester city in premier league clash with manchester city .	manchester city beat manchester united 2 - 1 in fa cup quarter - final .	robin van persie will not be risked after a hamstring injury .
manchester united defender chris smalling went back to his old judo club .	the 25 - year - old was posted on the international judo federation 's official twitter account alongside a flashback picture of smalling as a teenager .	smalling was a remarkable rise for manchester united .
louis van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in sunday 's derby at old trafford .	van persie said he was fit to feature in the game against city on sunday after ankle trouble but van gaal has ruled him out .	robin van persie will not return to the fray for manchester united against manchester city .
manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	wayne rooney scored a 96 minute winner in a ding - dong game at old trafford .	manchester united 4 - 1 draw at manchester city , september 2009 .	michael owen scored a late penalty for the visitors .
qpr are without diego costa for sunday 's premier league clash with chelsea .	diego costa is close to a return but will not be considered with fellow centre - back rio ferdinand .	chelsea are in the premier league on sunday .
manchester city beat manchester city 3 - 1 in their premier league clash .	jose mourinho 's side beat burnley 3 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	diego costa scored his goal in the game against burnley .
qpr beat aston villa 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	the rs could start sunday 's 3 - 3 draw at aston villa on tuesday .	qpr can get a result in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division .
orlando city beat orlando city 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	the former ac milan midfielder hit the gym in a bid to help his side return to portland timbers .
bristol city beat preston 3 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday night .	steve cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston on tuesday .	bristol city host burnley on the weekend .
bristol city beat bristol city 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	bristol city striker kieran agard scored the only goal of the game .	swindon face swindon in bristol city 's joe bryan .
gary caldwell , 23 , has been officially unveiled as the new wigan boss .	the 23 - year - old has had unsuccessful stints with owen coyle , uwe rosler and mackay at the dw stadium .
goals from jason cummings and farid el alagui scored 2 - 0 win over hearts .	hearts beat hearts in the first minute of injury time with a cool finish from el alagui .	hibs were rewarded for a dominant first - half game against hearts .
dani alves has been unable to agree a new deal with the catalan club .	the former sevilla full - back has been linked with ex - wife .	alves says he has rejected the offer of a three - year deal with psg .
the 31 - year - old has been linked with a move away from the nou camp .	the full - back contract expires in the summer with a number of europe 's top clubs keeping tabs on the brazil international 's availability .
team sky 's geraint thomas took victory in a sprint finish with holland 's niki terpstra .	thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in e3 harelbeke and third - place finish .
glenn murray has scored 19 goals for tottenham this season .	harry kane and diego costa have scored four goals for palace in february .	murray slides in to score one of two goals in the list .
dashem tesfamichael , 30 , is seen in the 50 - second clip captured on a banned mobile phone as he dances outside his cell with other inmatesat coldingley prison in surrey .	he clutches a glass of the homemade illegal brew in the clip , which also shows a stash of drink bottles , biscuits and crisps on a window ledge , before it was shared with friends on whatsapp .
pensioners are seven times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma in the mid - 1970s .	around 13 , 000 people aged between 65 are diagnosed with skin cancer every year .	each year , 2 , 100 people die from the disease in the uk .
dave tyler , 72 , was designed by dave tyler in his back in the solar system .	the star is at its most active during its solar system during its 11 year cycle .	the 72 - year - old was also able to capture a wide variety of solar flares .
video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe .	the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track , which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively .	opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes .
the monkey was captured on camera snatching a banana from a female monkey .	the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin .	the curious monkey gets right up to the monkey and gives it a slap .
former england bowler steve harmison seems to be doing a fine job with ashington afc .	after shocking the sporting world by taking the job with the northern league division one side in the ninth tier of english football , the local lad , 36 , has now won seven on the spin with his club side .
manchester united beat manchester united in the champions league .	louis van gaal was a man with a move to manchester united at old trafford .	van gaal 's three - year vision would be dining from the premier league .
casey casey was at home in augusta , augusta , in the field on sunday .	the 37 - year - old finished sixth on his masters debut in 2004 .	he was projected to play at the masters at augusta , arizona .
the 43 - year - old ended up winning his first tournament in america last year .	he was the first in the world 's top 300 for the first time in the masters .	he ended up in the tournament after a month ago .
eric mcclaren 's side face wigan warriors at the etihad stadium on sunday .	malky mackay and malky mackay have scored three goals in the premier league .	derby manager malky mackay is hoping to win the game against wigan .
rotherham beat brighton 2 - 1 at the new york stadium .	matt derbyshire , rotherham , rotherham and rotherham on target .	matt green opened the scoring two points behind the visitors .	rotherham host brighton in the championship .
eduardo vargas , 25 , has been ruled out for the rest of the season .	the 25 - year - old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the first half .	qpr have confirmed that vargas sustained a grade of knee injury .
manchester united midfielder ander herrera has expressed his desire to remain at old trafford for years to come , describing the red devils as the ' right team in the right league' ' .	the 25 - year - old has now started the last eight matches and scored twice in saturday 's 3 - 1 win over aston villa .
leeds defeated leeds 2 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday .	david afobe 's side beat wolves 2 - 2 at nottingham forest in the last - 16 clash in the second half of the game .	kenny jacketts scored a second straight penalty in the first half .
the league of the fa cup quarter - final replay at ewood park on monday .	mario balotelli and emre can have been in stitches for the four - time defeat at the ewood park in the champions league on tuesday .	brendan rodgers insists his side are not in crisis at anfield .
tottenham hotspur beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day .	ruben loftus - cheek opened the scoring for the first time in the first half of the game .	chelsea and tottenham drew 0 - 0 in the second half .
javier hernandez is linked with a move to aston villa .	pereira is on the bench for aston villa on saturday .	pereira was on loan at real madrid this season .	pereira has been on contract with orlando .
referee german delfino awarded a penalty to velez sarsfield after daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area and showed the arsenal man his second booking of the game .	however , the decision was overturned after linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor and informed delfino via his earpiece .
birmingham city beat birmingham city 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	bournemouth beat bournemouth 2 - 1 in the final at the bottom of the table .	the south coast club have not conceded the first goal of the game .
norwich recorded a 2 - 0 win over norwich in the premier league on tuesday .	bradley johnson scored his 12th goal of the season in the first half in the last - half a - - - half - time goal .	norwich were the first time to win the first - half stoppage time .
real madrid beat real madrid 2 - 1 in the 9 - 1 win over real madrid .	real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas showed his softer side by a wayward shot during the half - time interval .	iker casillas scored five goals against granada and karim benzema .
former afl star ben cousins is handcuffed as he arrives at court on thursday , 24 hours after failing to face a magistrate over driving charges with a smirk on his face ben cousins , a former afl player , leaves perth 's fremantle court .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	pellegrini says his side must close their lead at the top of premier league .	the manchester city lost 2 - 1 to the etihad stadium on monday .	manuel pellegrini has warned his side could lose any other side .
united are third in the premier league on 62 minutes .	united are scrambling to avoid relegation from league one .	young was a good omen for the club as they were on sunday .
jordan henderson is seeking a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract .	henderson has already rejected a five - year deal worth 80 , 000 per week .	henderson is expected to be enough for liverpool to stay at anfield .
wigan lost 2 - 0 to derby in the premier league on monday night .	malky mackay has been sacked after just five months in charge .	mackay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with iain moody .
ipswich beat ipswich ipswich 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	mick mccarthy 's side lost four of their last five games in the second half .	nahki wells and james vaughan were caught cold by goals .
arsenal beat liverpool 3 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	arsene wenger admits he did not expect bellerin andcoquelin to be powered by hector bellerin and francis coquelin .	the arsenal boss admits he didn't expect bellerin to be playing such key .
aitor karanka 's side lost 2 - 1 to middlesbrough in their opening match .	odion ighalo scored his second goal of the season in the second half .	aitor karanka was a target for watford and middlesbrough .
real madrid beat real madrid 4 - 0 in their first leg in the first half .	gareth bale scored five minutes for the first time in the second half .	real madrid were able to take advantage of the hat - trick in the competition .
manchester city are fourth in the premier league table in premier league .	manuel pellegrini 's side are capable of retaining the barclays premier league title .	manchester city face crystal palace on monday night .
the crew of a turkish airlines flight are being investigated by turkish football team captain arda turan in the ' safe cockpit ' .	the flight back from the capital luxembourg city is being investigated .	the move was reported in the flight crew 's 2 - 1 win over luxembourg .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	barcelona beat barcelona 2 - 0 at the emirates stadium on 36 minutes .	lionel messi , luis suarez and luis suarez both failed to win .
cristiano ronaldo was back to his brilliant , unplayable best as he scored five goals in real madrid 's 9 - 1 rout of granada on sunday .	it also took his formidable goal tally for the bernabeu club to 299 in 287 matches .	against granada , ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches .
liverpool beat arsenal 4 - 1 at the emirates stadium on saturday .	brendan rodgers ' side have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas .	arsenal beat arsenal 3 - 1 in the champions league .
kevin moores returned to nets on monday for the first time since re - signing .	the 34 - year - old was pictured leaving the ground just before 2pm .	pietersen returned to gatwick about pietersen 's situation .
the 34 - year - old won 4 - 3 against monterrey in the mexican league .	juan arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of jesus zavela .	arango spent 10 years playing in mexico and borussia .
dani alves and adriano looked delighted following their vital win over celta vigo in la liga - but their choice of matching denim was somewhat questionable .	the flamboyant brazilians all played their part in helping the catalonian side return home with all three points , following jeremy mathieu 's winning goal .
liverpool drew 1 - 1 with liverpool in the premier league on wednesday .	liverpool were beaten 4 - 1 by arsenal on wednesday night .	liverpool face arsenal in the champions league on saturday .
ander herrera scores a brace against aston villa on saturday .	the 25 - year - old scored in manchester united 's 2 - 1 win over aston villa .	manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 0 in january .
psg beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on easter sunday .	real madrid and barcelona drew 0 - 0 in their first premier league clash .	zlatan ibrahimovic scored the only goal of the game against manchester united .	edinson cavani , zlatan ibrahimovic and diego costa amongst the winners .
video shows bearded militants using sledgehammers , drills and barrel bombs .	seven - minute video appears to have been filmed last month .	islamic state has been declared a ' war crime ' by u .	n . ban .
the 36 - year - old daredevil will walk untethered on top of a 400 - foot observation wheel in orlando , florida , this month .	the orlando eye , part of a new entertainment complex , will offer views on may 4 .	wallenda is the great - grandson of karl wallenda , who fell to the death in puerto rico .
surveillance footage at neely 's grog house in miami , florida , shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders on sunday night .	the bouncer is said to be tackling the man to the ground after he threw a bouncer on fire .
the unnamed child from medina , ohio , gave out $100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend 's house after school , where he also showered adults with cash , police said .	the group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway .
the cubs were discovered by a woman passing the car park in a car park .	they were taken to the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center .	they are now being bottle - fed special ' fox milk ' and will be released back to the wild .
the club 's stadium redevelopment is now well under way .	pictures from monday 's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the main stand .	anfield will be completed by the start of the 2016 - 17 season with 9 , 000 seats to be added .
camilla was joined by england rugby captain boyfriend chris robshaw .	she was accompanied by chris robshaw , who played for harlequins in the 29 - 26 premiership victory over gloucester 24 hours earlier .
ac milan beat sampdoria 1 - 0 at the san siro on sunday night .	nigel de jong scored the only goal from the top of the box .	ac milan equalised for the first time in the second half .
chancey luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail for the murder trial of chris lane .	if found guilty , 17 - year - old was accused of shooting dead australian baseball player chris lane , 22 , in oklahoma .
matt kemp 's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business .	one of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a ' c***' .	during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive - ridden tirade on his then - wifelela radojkovic .
75 - year - old man was bitten on the leg by a crocodile in port douglas .	the man was playing golf on monday at the palmer golf course at the golf course .	the elderly man was taken to hospital in a stable condition .
real sociedad beat real sociedad 2 - 0 in the first half of the premier league clash .	gonzalo castro scored one of the goals of the last minute of the season .	real sociedad drew 0 - 0 at the emirates stadium on saturday .
the clip was created by the new york city , which was created byhln 's the daily share .	but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the u.s. when the products or services are exactly the same for the genders .
josi harrison , hailey , hailey walden and hailey walden were all in eighth grade .	they claim their high school - age school - aged boyfriends lured them to their phones .	the judge has ordered to pay $225 , 000 to three girls in the school .
jordan spieth and tiger woods in the final round at augusta on sunday .	rory mcilroy and rory mcilroy are in the second round of the third round .	spieth tied the knot at the masters at augusta .
eric harris , 73 , was apparently accidentally shot dead by a 73 - year - old reserve deputy last week after he fired his handgun instead of his taser .	in the footage , released by police , deputies are filmed chasing after harris , first by car then on foot , in tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot .
didier drogba has been forced to settle for a bit - part role at stamford bridge this season after the summer arrivals of diego costa and loic remy .	the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012 , signing a 12 month deal .	but the blues legend 's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract .
martin tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years .	liverpool 's fourth past newcastle goalkeeper pavel srnicek he is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at anfield on april , 1996 , which saw the two premier league hopefuls slug it out in order to close the gap between themselves and leaders manchester united .	sir alex ferguson 's manchester united finishing top of the season .
inter milan have signed a deal for inter milan this summer .	inter milan are interested in signing wilfried bony from inter milan .	inter are unlikely to sign lukas podolski 's loan move from arsenal .
wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez .	the mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid .	southampton , lazio , stoke and west ham are also interested in signing him in the summer .
santi cazorla is enjoying one of the best periods of his career from atletico madrid .	the 30 - year - old spaniard 's impressive displays have seen him linked to a return to his homeland with atletico madrid .	cazorla says he is happy with his life at arsenal and with his wife and children in north london .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to fiorentina in the summer .	the 29 - year - old has scored four goals in four premier league goals so far this season .	gomez has committed his future to the nou camp in july 2013 .
pedro has been linked with a move away from the club .	the 27 - year - old has started 12 games for the club this season .	the spain international has only started 12 league games for barcelona .
ronny deila will try to persuade jason denayer and manchester city to keep denayer on loan .	celtic boss ronny deila has confirmed he will ask manchester city if he can keep denayer next season .	ronny deila wants to sign manchester city defender jason henderson .
raymond billam , 40 , claimed he was ' unable to walk more than a few metres ' .	he claimed he had ' good days and bad days ' and was filmed running and jumping as he took to the pitch .
the new chief executive of rotherham council could be paid up to 40 , 000 more than the outgoing boss .	he left in december after a council report said 1 , 400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse .
brett o'connor , a former catholic brother , was charged with indecently assaulting two 12 - year - old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago .	he has been charged with child sex offences after he was arrested in march .
liz the reptile sits back on her hobby farm in melbourne .	the reptile responds to her owner when asked ' are you hungry ? '	turtles , a llama and what appears to be an emu .
ivan gazidis says he is ' not happy ' that the club are not going to win the title .	the club 's chief executive says the club will ' keep pushing ' for the club .
31 - year - old has one year left on his contract and atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer .	the 31 - year - old has one year left on his contract and atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer .
ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris o'hare were ejected from old trafford .	police praised the ' overwhelming majority ' of supporters at the clash .	one man was arrested on suspicion of performing the gesture .
chelsea beat queens park rangers in the premier league on sunday .	thibault courtois says he never doubted himself during his high - profile errors .	courtois has faced criticism for failing to keep out charlie adam 's confidence .
heather watson wins first round of main - draw action at the family circle cup .	british number one was beaten 4 - 6 6 - 1 6 - 3 6 - 2 in the second round .
novak djokovic defeated andy murray in sunday 's miami open final .	the world no 1 lost his cool at the end of the second set in miami open .	the boy was shouted at his backroom team after he lost the second replay .
lewis hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend 's chinese grand prix .	mercedes will be back in control for this race after ferrari and sebastian vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team 's first victory for almost two years at the last race in malaysia .	many people expected another dominant mercedes campaign in the wake of last season 's crushing success .
al kellock and dougie hall will start at the guinness pro12 match .	the 34 - year - old is hanging up his boots after 13 years of professional rugby .	glasgow hooker dougie hall has been restricted to seven matches .
stephen curry broke his own nba record for the golden state warriors in the last season .	stephen whiteside had 19 points and 16 rebounds for the heat .	the heat were outscored 57 - 12 in the eastern conference .
san cleveland beat houston 110 - 104 in the nba 's southwest division .	the defending champion had a narrow win over a brooklyn team - mate anthony davis .	zach randolph had 15 points and 13 rebounds .
10 - time ladies ' snooker world champion , begins her bid to make history and reach the world championship finals .	the 29 - year - old faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion ken doherty .	watch all the action below with our live video .
lebron james says he would pick himself for the mvp award .	lebron james seems to think his influence with the cavaliers deserves recognition .	james scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight .
liam stewart , 20 , was set to make his senior great britain debut at the world championships in the world championship in holland next week .	the 20 - year - old was included in the squad by craig peacock of belfast .
kyle naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season .	the hull midfielder was sent off for the first time on saturday .	he was shown a blow for naughton and the swans for the last season .
stuart armstrong is hoping to get his hands on the scottish premiership title .	armstrong completed a move from dundee united to celtic .	the 23 - year - old was left crestfallen after a 2 - 0 victory over rangers .
mcneill won nine consecutive league championship titles , seven scottish cups , six league cups and , of course , he was the first british team captain to lift the european cup in 1967 .	he was named the scottish footballer of the year in season 1964 - 65 , the first ever winner of the award .	as both player and manager , he enjoyed a 27 - year association with celtic .
newcastle face newcastle on monday night at anfield on monday .	john carver says his newcastle players have a point to themselves .	carver says close - season recruitment will focus on the players .
newcastle were beaten 1 - 0 by north - east newcastle on monday night .	john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at the club 's training ground .	carver said his newcastle squad have a chance to invest in abuse .
geoffrey kondogbia was one of the most coveted players in europe .	the 22 - year - old was key to monaco 's champions league win over liverpool .	real madrid , manchester united , liverpool and paris saint - are keen .
real sociedad are hopeful of signing danny ings in the summer .	the 23 - year - old has interest from burnley striker danny ings .	liverpool , manchester city and manchester united also interested .
gareth bale opened the scoring for the 25 - year - old at the nou camp .	cristiano ronaldo scored his first goal of the match at the time of the season .	bale scored his 15th successive goal for wales against israel on wednesday .	click here for all the news .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 in champions league final on tuesday .	atletico beat real to real madrid in the first leg of the champions league last season .	atletico won the last season 's super cup semi - final against real madrid .
manchester city beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	manuel pellegrini is looking to take on manchester united in the last - two match .	louis van gaal is relishing the prospect of playing in the city .
palermo beat empoli 4 - 0 in the stadio olimpico on sunday .	miroslav klose scored for lazio 's second goal of the game in the second half .	napoli beat fiorentina 3 - 0 to retake fourth place in the win .
the 29 - year - old has not played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations .	brown was knocked out in a collision with andrea masi in the six nations .	the england team - mates have featured in only eight of the year .
jamie peacock scores a try double as leeds beat salford 2 - 1 .	the 37 - year - old rhinos prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months .	jamie peacock scored a 12 - 6 lead in the second half .
the wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats .	rout saw a hat - trick of tries by wolves ' richie myler and a 28 - point haul for stefan ratchford .	gene ormsby claimed two tries along with toby king and ben currie .
manchester united beat manchester united 4 - 2 in the premier league on saturday .	juan mata scored a brace for manchester city at old trafford .	ashley young , juan mata and chris smalling all took the lead .
the 25 - year - old is looking to complete his career grand slam this week .	the northern irishman won the masters for the first time in his career .	rory mcilroy and rory mcilroy are also in the masters .
diego costa is unlikely to miss the entirety of chelsea 's title run - in .	the spain international is likely to be fit to face arsenal .	costa limped off just 11 minutes after coming on .
jack nicklaus ' first ever hole - in - one at the masters on wednesday .	the 75 - year - old had earlier won the par - 3 in the space of five holes .	the 18 - time major winner recorded his first contest in the masters .
tiger woods was spotted on monday at augusta jimenez on monday .	the former world no 1 has turned up to augusta national this year .	he is the most fearsome competitor in the masters .
his wife masters chairman billy payne has ruled out starting a women 's masters despite talking about growing the game its well - known the garish surroundings outside augusta national contrast markedly with the beauty within .
city are planning to table a mega - bid for raheem sterling on the day the transfer window reopens .	manchester city are leading the race to land sterling this summer .	liverpool are likely to demand a straight cash fee .
manchester city beat manchester city 1 - 0 in the premier league on monday night .	murray cost palace less than half one of their substitutes .	glenn murray and yaya toure cost palace nothing four years ago .	city might have been worth a million pounds .
everton defender john stones was the shock name on barcelonas shopping list of central defenders last summer .	barcelona ended up signing 31 - year - old thomas vermaelen from arsenal for 15m but influential voices at the catalan club urged then sporting director andoni zubizarreta to bid for 20 .	5m - a - week five year deal keeping him at everton .
everton beat everton 1 - 0 at goodison park in the premier league on saturday .	james mccarthy believes ross barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him .	mccarthy believes barkley was ' different class ' despite a mistake .
roberto martinez has rejected claims that he is ' stubborn ' and ' innovative ' .	everton boss roberto martinez insists his tactics are ' rigid ' and points to his changes made against southampton .
romelu lukaku has scored just five goals in nine games since the start of february ( 0 .	55 per season ) .	lukaku signed a five - year deal at goodison this summer .
harry kane has scored 17 goals in 44 games for tottenham .	kane has twice been named pfa players player of the year .	victor gareth bale has scored 79 times in 44 appearances .	hazard is the odds - laden of the season .
harry kane 's participation with england at this summer 's under 21 european championship remains in doubt after tottenham confirmed they will travel to malaysia for a post - season friendly .	the match will take place at the shah alam stadium on wednesday , may 27 - before tottenham take on sydney fc the following saturday - and kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games .
chelsea midfielder willian wants his team - mates to take confidence from saturday 's win against stoke as they close in on the premier league title .	jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the table after beating the potters 2 - 1 at stamford bridge courtesy of goals from eden hazard and loic remy .	willian is convinced that his manager will play a key role during their remaining eight games .
cesc fabregas reveals the nasty - looking gash on his nose sustained during chelsea 's win against stoke .	the blues extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2 - 1 win but it didn't come without cost for spain international fabregas .
queens park rangers beat hull 3 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	the gunners beat stoke 2 - 1 at stamford bridge on saturday night .	austin has scored four goals in his last six premier league games .
louis van gaal has piled pressure on manchester city ahead of their games against crystal palace and united picked up all three points at the weekend by beating aston villa 3 - 1 at old trafford .	van gaal believes manchester city 's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot .
marcos rojo and angel di maria celebrated their 3 - 1 triumph over aston villa on saturday .	united defender rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside fellow argentina international di maria and their families while sitting on a private plane .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	wayne rooney scored a hat - trick for manchester united .	louis van gaal 's side are eight points clear of manchester city .
arsenal beat manchester united 4 - 1 in the fa cup quarter - final on saturday .	the reds are in the champions league group cup semi - final replay at the bottom of the premier league on the day of the season .
alan pardew 's five - year winning run was crucial to the premier league season .	the 53 - year - old appeared to have hit five straight wins from a newcastle side .	the 35 points off fourth place in the five - game season at home to newcastle .
dejan lovren has been out of the liverpool squad for the fa cup quarter - final .	brendan rodgers is ready to recall his out - of - favour defender dejan lovren .	kolo toure is expected to move to lovren for the must - favour .
raheem sterling is a more talented player than gunners star mesut ozil .	the former liverpool forward made the claim before brendan rodgers ' men lost 4 - 1 at the emirates on saturday - a game in which ozil netted his side 's second goal .	owen 's opinion drew criticism on social media but the ex - england man has refused to back down .
bastian schweinsteiger is doubtful for their german cup quarter - final clash .	ribery suffered an ankle injury in their 1 - 0 win over borussia dortmund .	bayern said it was not too serious but he will miss .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1 - 0 in the german cup quarter - final .	pep guardiola 's side are eager to repeat their 4 - 0 win over borussia dortmund on saturday .	borussia dortmund take on hoffenheim on wednesday night .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1 - 0 in the bundesliga league on saturday .	robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club .	the bayern munich restored their 1- - point lead at the top of the bundesliga .
norwich beat norwich city 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	gary hooper scored the winner for the first time in the last four of the season .	neil lennon was a target for norwich city in the summer .
bees controlled the game for long periods after going ahead through alex pritchard 's brilliant strike - but missed chances in the second half .	derby went into the game knowing they needed to win to keep their slim hopes of automatic promotion alive and tom ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes .
former wigan manager gary caldwell says he was ' shattered ' by the club .	former manager matt smith says he is ' proud ' of the club 's ' honeymoon ' .	former wigan boss scott caldwell said the club was ' [UNK] .
troy deeney scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season .	deeney has been lighting up the championship for the last three seasons .	deeney is adamant he can follow in the path of charlie austin .
tony pulis has talked pre - season plans with saido berahino in an indication he plans to keep the striker beyond the summer transfer window .	berahino is likely to be away with gareth southgates england under 21 side in the czech republic until late june .	west bromwich albion were open to bids of 20million for berahino in january and the 21 - year - old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in champions league .
jeremy peace will sell the club to someone who wants to invest in the club .	peace is open to selling the club for 150million as long as a tour of the club 's training .	tony pulis has put the club up for sale for 150million .
leicester host west brom in the premier league on saturday .	nigel pearson 's side face west brom on saturday bottom of the table .	the foxes are six points adrift of the survival .
barcelona beat sevilla 2 - 2 on saturday night in spain .	neymar scored a repeat of last year 's showdown at sevilla on saturday .	neymar 's dispute with luis enrique has been replaced in 15 of the matches .
villarreal host villarreal in a friendly on sunday afternoon .	villarreal defender mateo musacchio is expected to be sidelined for six months .	santi cazorla said he was ' a lot of best wishes ' to his friend mateo , who played with musacchio during his time at villarreal .
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini admits his academy players are not ready to step into his first - team squad .	the premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players , which can include youngsters .
tracey neville , phil neville , is phil neville 's twin and sister .	she says she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers .	she earned just 742 a month .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 2 at old trafford on twitter .	sergio aguero scored his fourth league goal of the season .	ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling scored his second league goal .
rangers lost 3 - 0 to hearts at queen of the south on thursday night .	the 35 - year - old has recently secured victories over scottish championship rivals hearts and hibernian .	rangers have recently lost twice this season .
england beat south africa 21 - 14 in the final of the tokyo tournament .	phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell score the tries in the run .	england beat france 21 - 5 in the second tier plate tournament .
jake drage sang a children 's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars following a crash that killed a woman .	the 23 - year - old was taken into custody in june last year .
wing 's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre , and attracts a certain type of clientele .	the restaurant 's owner mr wing himself is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible , and is often snapped in the photographs with the city 's celebrities at his five - star venue .	wing 's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre , and attracts a certain type of clientele .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 1 in their premier league clash .	david moyes took over at real sociedad in his first half of the game .	the former manchester united man has been in superb form .
cristiano ronaldo scores 60 goals for real madrid in the champions league .	cristiano ronaldo scored 60 champions league goals for madrid in 2009 .	ronaldo has scored 161 of his goals in 2011 - 12 .
the tennis champion was caught up in the middle of his backroom team .	the boy was in the head with his parents and his parents .	the ball boy was playing a ball boy in the crossfire .
alexis sanchez scored 3 - 0 up against liverpool on saturday .	the gunners have boasted since the dying embers of the invincibles side of more than a decade ago .	but they have pace , energy and invention in attack .
the 46 - year - old works out three times a week with her long - term trainer .	sessions include 20 - 25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga .	the medicine ball overhead press is great for beginners .
bizarre incident was caught on cctv and shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at nottingham train station 's multi - storey car park , damaging it in the process .	it is not clear if the wanted man was attempting to avoid a parking payment or merely indulging in an unusual form of vandalism .
sepp blatter 's three challengers , issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf 's annual congress in cairo .	africa is comfortable having you , ' hayatou said , according to a transcript of his comments provided by caf .	with 54 of the 209 fifa member countries eligible to vote in the presidential election in zurich is the largest of the six continental confederations .
gary mabbutt was treated at king 's college hospital in south east london .	doctors warned him it was ' touch and go ' on whether the leg would have to be amputated .	surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to the nhs .
becky jones , 33 , and her husband , and husband darrel , were seeing take that several times this year this year this year .	the 44 - year - old was stopped by the couple 's wedding reception in berkshire and sung .
guests wishing them well in his hometown of dunblane will be largely a gathering of close family and friends .	low - key: in spite of high profile friendships with the likes of james corden , andy murray and bride - to - be , kim sears .
deanna robinson , of quinlan , texas , was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ' home .	she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18 - month - old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband .
tiger woods , 39 , was pictured hugging sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club , georgia , ahead of his latest attempt at a comeback at the masters 2015 .	the 14 - time major winner certainly needs all the support he can get after he recently dropped out of the world 's top 100 rankings .
amanda peake glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir .	she was a co - owner of a fitness center and only a month before her death .	the mother - of - four was a survived by her brother .
cara lee - fanus was rushed to st peter 's hospital in chertsey , surrey .	the pair were jointly charged with causing the death of a child and causing ' physical harm to a child .
the 84 - year - old was believed to be richie 's brother and sister - in - law , john and lindsay benaud .	the funeral service attended by richie 's former cricket commentating colleagues .
hillary clinton 's ' everyday americans ' video has been given an 18 rating by a russian television network - because it features two men holding hands .	dozhd tv , an independent network , fears the video launching clinton 's white house bid may fall foul of putin 's ' gay propaganda ' laws - which allows the imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18 .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 in champions league final on tuesday .	atletico beat real to real madrid in the first leg of the champions league last season .	atletico won the last season 's super cup semi - final against real madrid .
atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak made a string of excellent saves to keep real madrid at bay .	the champions league quarter - final first leg clash at the vicente calderon finished goalless and that was largely thanks to an outstanding performance from the slovenian goalkeeper .	the champions league quarter - final first leg clash at the vicente calderon finished goalless .
charlton beat blackburn bolton 2 - 2 in the premier league on tuesday night .	birmingham 's frederic bulot and adam le fondre raises the scoring for the ball .	charlton 's jonathan gray was on target for the 79th minute .
alan pardew 's side beat brentford 1 - 0 at home to brentford in the premier league .	kieran lee 's second - half goal was the second half a goal in the first half .	the owls could not make the two - on - one play - off .
towie star jake hall points to his co - star chloe lewis in the stands at york street after scoring for boston united in their conference .	towie star james ' arg ' argent , who leaned over the hoardings to celebrate when he netted during the second - half of boston 's 2 - 0 win over tamworth .	both parties denied any relationship , saying they were just friends .
psg beat sevilla 2 - 2 at the parc des princes stadium on saturday .	the brazil striker was substituted in the semi - final at the nou camp .	neymar has been sidelined for wednesday 's first leg in the champions league .
rolando sissoko was in contention to play for the club 's under - 21s .	the 19 - year - old has suffered another injury setback .	newcastle midfielder rolando aarons has succumbed to injury .
the 44 - year - old was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children aged 12 and 13 .	she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries .
the 38 - year - old starred in the bbc comedy limmy 's show .	the spider runs out of his mouth and inching its way across his face .	the three - inch house spider appears to be completely unharmed by the video .
dane bouris was a contender for 2013 's cleo bachelor of the year , appeared in waverley court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty , 9newsreported .	he was arrested at his watsons bay home - in sydney 's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend , alexandra dankwa .
in a survey conducted by direct line , adults in the uk cited not being able to sleep .	losing your keys , and being stuck in traffic when out and about , lack of work spaces .
22 - year - old mother - of - three was left in agony and disfigured after years of ' incompetent ' condition .	the general dental council has investigated the work of janakan siva at the mess in allerton , .
the must - have for ivf mums and dads these days , however , is a video and pictures right from the moment of conception .	the technology allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life from fertilisation to the division of cells , right .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 4 - 0 in the premier league on friday .	the 18 - year - old played an integral part in the champions league last season .	he was the first - half - time in the second - half .
officer clarence habersham , 37 , is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to scott 's death .	slager , 33 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .	slager was pulled over for a broken taser last saturday .
jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same - sex wedding plans were featured on sunday 's video .	the couple were only one of a diverse series of aspirational americans featured in the clinton ad .
lebron james , 19 , posted an emotional letter to the teenager via twitter on friday .	the 19 - year - old passed away from her rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday .	the letter has since been retweeted tens of thousands of times .
cleveland fire spokesman says the falling bricks might have been a ' freak accident ' .	no one was injured , but no one is injured .	no injuries were reported in the incident .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract worth 100 , 000 - a - week and could look to force a move away from liverpool chelsea .	sterling has rejected a contract worth 100 , 000 - a - week and could look to force .
kevin wimmer has admitted that it would be a ' dream ' to join mauricio pochettino 's side in a 4 .	4m deal .	the two clubs have yet to agree because of the english premier league .
yaya toure is under contract with roma and manchester united .	inter milan hope to sign manchester city midfielder yaya toure .	the 31 - year - old has scored seven goals in 22 premier league games .	mauro icardi and mauro icardi has been linked with the club .
arsenal , newcastle united and paris saint - germain are interested in signing n'golo kante .	kante is a defensive minded player who has impressed for caen this season .	arsenal , manchester united and southampton interested in caen .
paul scholes says he is not ready to sign a new deal at liverpool .	the former manchester united midfielder says he wants to focus on playing every week .	he says he does not score a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract .
jose luis gaya is real madrid 's first choice to fill the left side of the defence next season .	the 19 - year - old is keen to return to the nou camp this season .	chelsea and manchester city are willing to pay the deal .
robbie williams has ditched the proposal for a two - storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house .	he wants to lower some of the floors and knock down the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways .
erica leeder , 26 , is charged with assaulting a 26 - year - old woman in a strip search mother of three .	she has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence a woman .	she was charged with assault in a search of a police officer after she allegedly squirted the female police officer .
a four - year - old girl suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident in findon road , whitehawk .	the girl suffered bite wounds to the face , police say .
miracle godson , from marsh green in wigan , was reported missing on friday afternoon after he jumped into deep waters at east quarry in appley bridge near the town and failed to surface .	friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day .
mogi mirim has been hired as a coach of a brazilian team mogi mirim .	the 44 - year - old will be the team 's coach in the second division of the brazilian league .	he is appealing a 33 - year prison sentence .
hamburg have appointed bruno labbadia as their new coach with immediate effect on a 15 - month contract with the former european champions .	the former hamburg coach is also valid for the second division .
the easter road club stand - out on the premiership play - offs .	the easter street club stand to make 1m from the play - off games - off .	the issue will go to the vote at the bottom of the spfl agm next week .
john carver says his side have ' got six cup finals ' left to play during the break - in .	newcastle are nine points above the relegation zone .	newcastle remain in the final six games with 35 points .
john carver will turn to siem de jong in a bid to save newcastles sorry season .	the 6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february and it was initially feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign .	the 6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february and it was initially feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign .
justin rose will be in the last grouping with tiger woods in the final day .	phil mickelson and charley westwood will tee off at 19 .	40 ( bst ) .	jordan spieth and ian rose 's superb finish on saturday .	world no 1 is paired with englishman tiger woods .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen .	the 25 - year - old has lived in the united kingdom for seven years .	aljaz bedene is now the british number two .
novak djokovic defeated andy murray in sunday 's miami open final .	the world no 1 lost his cool at the end of the second set in miami open .	the boy was shouted at his backroom team after he lost the second replay .
lewis hamilton was four - hundredths of a second ahead of the malaysian grand prix .	the mercedes team - mate nico rosberg and nico rosberg both in the top of the chinese grand prix 1 .
lewis hamilton was four - hundredths of a second ahead of the malaysian grand prix .	the mercedes team - mate nico rosberg and nico rosberg both in the top of the chinese grand prix 1 .
daniel ricciardo has called for a back - to - basics approach for red bull .	the australian driver has urged his red bull team to go back to the front of the grid .
ap mccoy repeated the trick on don cossack to the delight of a huge ladies day crowd .	if he wanted a further sign that the cards are falling in his favour , the last time he won the field at aintree on friday .
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the test against west indies in antigua on monday .	the 33 - year - old was dropped from the side on his last visit to west indies .
jimmy anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 test matches for england .	both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minutes silence in honour of the late , great richie benaud , who died last week .
jonathan trott 's first innings on his return to test cricket for the first time in 17 months was brief and unsuccessful .	he withdrew from england 's disastrous ashes tour with a stress - related illness .	but his much - anticipated return , captain alastair cook 's opening partner , was over almost before it had begun when he nicked jerome taylor to darren bravo .
phil neville , phil neville and paul scholes showed off the game in the game .	the thunder filmed a lip - sync version of ' the way ' in the video .	the video also features their own players and england women 's footballers .
the world champion won the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday .	the four - year - old won the four world championships in the women 's race .	brownlee won the triathlon in australia on saturday night .
roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas and admits he wants to keep loanee aaron lenon .	mirallas was one of evertons top performers in the first half of the campaign .	mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the champions league and martinez .
sunderland were booed from the field at half - time before thousands of fans streamed for the exits .	within 48 hours gus poyet had been sacked and dick advocaat was being installed .	dutch boss celebrated his first home match with a 1 - 0 victory over newcastle .
leigh griffiths fired celtic into an early lead in their encounter against inverness griffiths .	celtic were held to a draw by caley thistle on saturday .	inverness goalkeeper leigh griffiths and craig gordon were sent off .
leigh griffiths fired celtic into an early lead in their encounter against inverness griffiths .	celtic were held to a draw by caley thistle on saturday .	inverness goalkeeper leigh griffiths and craig gordon were sent off .
celtic midfielder stuart armstrong has backed under - fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara to turn around his troubled season at tannadice .	mcnamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for united players sales .	united have won just once , in a scottish cup tie at stranraer .
rangers beat rangers 3 - 0 in the premier league clash on saturday .	the ibrox side lost to rangers in the final of the game .	nicky clark has scored two goals in just four games .
rangers beat queens park rangers 2 - 0 at stamford bridge on sunday .	stuart lancaster 's side beat rangers 4 - 0 in the premier league last week .	stuart mccall and tom walsh both tried to move to the game .
the 25 - year - old was sent off for a second bookable offence at anfield .	newcastle boss john carver labelled sissoko 's tackle as ' indefensible ' .	newcastle manager john carver said sissoko 's ' reckless ' lunge on the game .
newcastle beat newcastle 2 - 0 in their premier league clash .	brendan rodgers ' side moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four .	raheem sterling and joe allen saw off the struggling magpies at anfield .
manchester united beat burnley 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	gerard ospina has won 10 of his 12 premier league games in the league .	gerard pique has won 11 of his 14 league games this season .
sandro has defended former manager harry redknapp .	redknapp branded the situation at qpr a soap opera and accused people with their agendas of working against him before he left the club in february citing knee problems .	others , including joey barton , blame redknapps recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3 - 2 in the premier league on tuesday night .	the chelsea team - mates will put on the line against manchester city in the fifth final in the next year .
chelsea beat roma 4 - 0 in the semi - final on the day of the uefa youth league .	they will take on manchester city in the final of the youth league on monday .	chelsea will face shakhtar donetsk in the next round of the match .
paul downton paid the price for their woeful world cup by being sacked as managing director .	the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure .	the new director of england cricket might think cook needs to go back to scoring runs at the top of the order after failing to convince as a tactician .
michael vaughan has re - affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of england cricket - but only if he feels he can make a difference .	a new post has been opened after paul downton lost his job as the england and wales cricket board 's managing director of cricket on wednesday , with the job title also scrapped .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board .	england suffer a humiliating 45 - run defeat to holland in the world t20 .	kevin pietersen is sacked as one - day captain .
sir kelly wiggins , geraint wiggins and ian stannard are the first in the semi - finals of the tour of flanders and paris - roubaix .	the development of stannard and thomas gives team sky two in - house contenders .
jordan spieth and a two - shot lead after seven holes in the last year 's last year .	the 21 - year - old was the first player to win his second round of the last round .	spieth was a shot during a practice round in 2014 .
mcilroy , ian poulter , graeme mcdowell and justin rose , plus past masters champions nick faldo and charl schwartzel , give the lowdown on every hole at the world - famous augusta national golf club .	click on the graphic below to get a closer look at what the biggest names in the game will face when they tee off on thursday .
rory mcilroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf 's grand slam alongside phil mickelson and ryan moore at augusta national on thursday .	the four - time green jacket winner returns to action for the first time since february alongside two stars of last year 's ryder cup at gleneagles , jamie donaldson and jimmy walker .
rory mcilroy hides under an umbrella as the heaven 's open during practice on tuesday world no 1 makes his way through the rain ahead of his bid to complete a career grand slam dark clouds gather over the course as england 's lee westwood .	mcilroy could find himself facing record high temperatures on the first day of play - with the mercury expected to reach 90f .
the brooklyn nets beat the field in the only game on monday .	brook lopez scores 36 points as the trail blazers beat the nets .	brook scored 15 points for the ninth time in the trail .
shot - blocking congolese centre whose legendary finger - wagging motion became one of the most recognized gestures in the game , was a four - times nba defensive player of the year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons .	mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009 , recording 11 , 729 points , 12 , 359 rebounds , and 3 , 289 blocks during 18 seasons spent mostly with denver , atlanta and houston .
leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career - high with seven steals as the san antonio spurs rolled past golden state 107 - 92 on sunday , ending the warriors ' 12 - game winning streak while extending their own to seven straight .	san antonio also extended their home winning streak over golden state to 32 straight , dating back to 1997 , the season before duncan arrived .	houston overcame russell westbrook 's 11th triple - double of the season to beat oklahoma city 115 - 112 .
al horford and demarre carroll score 20 points for atlanta hawks .	the hawks beat the brooklyn nets 131 - 166 on saturday night .	the detroit pistons beat the toronto raptors in overtime .
manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace in the premier league on monday .	the former man united and the team are the top of the league 's premier league table .	the last 16 of the champions league .
cesc fabregas wore a protective mask during chelsea 's clash with qpr after breaking his nose last week .	the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas ' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green .	the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table .
the 24 - year - old will drive in every f1 practice session for lotus this season .	the lotus ' reserve has been nothing more than a spare part in the world .	palmer is determined to claim a place in formula one .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 1 in the champions league last season .	fernando torres is reason for atletico madrid 's champions league quarter - final .	atletico have not been beaten by cristiano ronaldo and fernando torres .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 4 - 0 in the champions league last 16 .	the reigning champions face atletico in the first leg of the last 16 on tuesday .	carlo ancelotti 's side lost 2 - 1 to real madrid in the last eight .
roberto carlos claims he finds coaching ' very easy ' after the pressures he faced as a player .	the 42 - year - old was a world cup winner in the copa america , confederations cup and the world cup in the first world cup .
alexis sanchez and harry kane were the stand - out in the middle of the park .	the southern all - stars came out on top in the match against the premier league 's best players from the north and south in the south of england .	alexis sanchez , harry kane and alexis sanchez also included .
barcelona beat psg 2 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .	the first leg of the tie will take place at the nou camp on wednesday .	the two sides were put through their paces ahead of the training session .
thiago silva , neymar and edinson cavani are the best three players in the world .	thiago silva believes he will face an attack possessing the three best players .	psg warmed up for the visit of barcelona by winning the french league cup on saturday .	silva warned psg about the unpredictability of his brazil international .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 1 in champions league final on saturday .	real madrid beat atletico madrid 1 - 0 in copa del rey last season .	diego simeone 's side have failed to win any of their last 16 .
chelsea are in talks with belgian side royal mouscron - peruwelz over a possible partnership .	talks have been ongoing for over a month after french side lille cut their ties with mouscron and chelsea .	chelsea have been looking at alternatives to vitesse arnhem .
psg host paris saint - germain in champions league clash against barcelona .	psg play barcelona at parc des princes on wednesday night .	psg host barcelona in the champions league on april 21 .
paris saint - germain beat psg 2 - 1 in the league cup final on saturday .	edinson cavani and edinson cavani all scored in the premier league 's last season .	ibrahimovic was sent off in the first leg of the match against bastia in the last match .
the 27 - year - old suffered a muscle injury in the champions league last 16 .	the bayern munich forward could miss the match against bayer leverkusen .	bayern munich defender medhi benatia could be out for between two and four weeks .
south africa 's sports minister says he has received assurances from fifa 's ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in the buildup to the 2010 world cup .	fikile mbalula said he met with the chairman of the south african national team 's warm - up games .
the player was offered money to concede a ' pre - decided ' pattern of play' , the bcci said .	rajasthan royals commends the player for his honesty and uprightness .	rajasthan are all too aware of the incident .
nikola karabatic has been accused of match fixing along with a group of players banned by the french league two years ago .	karabatic , a multiple world and olympic gold medalist , and his younger brother luka were in betting on the result of a match in the match .
rangers boss stuart mccall says he is ' taking life ' at the club .	the former motherwell boss says he 's loving life at rangers .	he says he has to cope with the kind of intense scrutiny .
tunisian centre - back extended his questionable disciplinary record by picking up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during thursdays 3 - 0 defeat from queen of the south .	mccall believes mohsni has good defensive attributes but is adamant the ibrox side cannot risk unnecessary suspensions .
rangers were simply second - best all over the plastic pitch in dumfries striker derek lyle points to the skies after putting queen of the south 's lead at the start of the second half gavin reilly .	rangers were simply second - best all over the plastic pitch in dumfries striker derek lyle points to the skies .
the european challenge cup will take place at the madejski stadium .	tim visser is hopeful he can end his edinburgh career at the ground .	visser is a key player in the top 10 .
scotland beat glasgow 3 - 2 at the end of the season .	glasgow and edinburgh have won the pro12 championship .	the pro12 won in the last 16 of the premier league on saturday .
kerry hamilton was diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue in her cervix .	she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children .	she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma .
the app was created by london - based developers through facebook 's creative labs .	it is available for free on ios and android .	the app 's homepage has a row of featured clips , each tagged with a certain topic .
bristol city beat peterborough 3 - 0 in the premier league on tuesday .	bristol city host peterborough on tuesday night .	steve agard failed to stretch far enough to convert from two yards .
the new indie music was first piped into the cabin .	many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the new on board playlists , which feature rockers such as the xx , haim , phantogram and hozier .
edinson cavani is a target for manchester united this summer .	united are thought to be interested in uruguayan striker edinson cavani .	cavani was furious about being taken off against marseille at the weekend .	click here for all the latest manchester united news .
gregory van der wiel says he 's not interested in leaving paris saint - germain in the summer and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side .	the dutchman has been linked with a move to barcelona star dani alves .
nasr bitar spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn .	it was the first time he had seen a street view shot in his own vehicle .	he has now been shared almost 2 .	9million times .
jordon ibe was injured in the first team set - up this summer .	the 19 - year - old has done well since breaking into the champions league places .	the liverpool star has broken into the first premier league game this season .
liverpool beat liverpool 3 - 4 - 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final .	brendan rodgers ' side have lost ground in the premier league .	alexis sanchez and alexis sanchez are among the players .
england beat england 2 - 1 in their first two - day match at st kitts .	england beat st kitts on the first day of the match in the match .	the match was the first of england 's first test cap for england .
bayern munich beat bayern munich 2 - 0 at the etihad stadium on saturday .	bayern munich restored their lead at the top of the bundesliga back to 10 points .	xabi alonso put his team - mates through their paces .
samir nasri was keen to forget about manchester city 's defeat at crystal palace .	the 22 - year - old was on manchester united 's books before moving to italy in 2012 .	the 22 - year - old was on manchester united 's books before moving to italy in 2012 .
the 11 - time all star led his cleveland cavaliers to victory over the dentist 's chair .	the 30 - year - old led his dentist 's image of his first triple - double for cavs as they beat the chicago bulls on sunday .
preston north end replay kevin davies tweeted a picture of his hand covered in two plasters .	the 38 - year - old has been through the wars during his 22 years .	davies ' latest injury is self - inflicted at his right hand .
ander herrera says he bares his forename and surname on the back of his shirt .	the manchester united midfielder says he wears his forename to carry on his form that earned him the move to the premier league last summer .	the man has forced his way into louis van gaal 's starting line - up with a series of the video .
danny welbeck was spotted arriving at the etihad stadium on monday night .	the spanish defender was spotted at the manchester arena on monday .	he was joined by alberto moreno and mamadou sakho .
marcos rojo enjoys a meal out with friends and family in the premier league .	he claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail .	rojo claims he and his girlfriend tried to sell the story for a prostitute .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final .	jack wilshere says he is ready to play a part in the premier league .	wilshere has set his sights on manchester united 's premier league clash .
among 162 , 000 inmates , the most dangerous serve their time in level iv maximum - security facilities where it is estimated as much as 97 per cent of california 's gang affiliated .
roy keane will stand trial for the alleged road - rage incident with a taxi driver .	roy keane is accused of causing harassment , alarm and distress .	he will face trial on june 19 .
brendan rodgers struck an emotive theme , telling stories of afternoons at his grand - fathers house in county antrim .	he spent watching the great liverpool teams of the 1970s and 80s competing in domestic cup finals .	rodgers has , it must be said , always had an understanding of the importance of domestic silverware to the club .
colina , 32 , is being held on $1 million bail after pleading guilty to aggravated assault and battery charges .	the victim 's head was found in colina 's apartment building in cambridge on saturday morning .	the remains of jonathan camilien , 26 , were found in a colina 's gym .
the j - league is just four games in a new season .	the 23 - year - old is ninth in the premier league table .	the south korean star is alleged to have stamped on his face .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9 - 1 .	the real madrid star has not been at his best this year .	real madrid forward has scored four goals in his career .
christian benteke scores a hat - trick as aston villa beat qpr 3 - 3 .	christian benteke scored a 2 - 1 lead at aston villa in the second half .	villa are three points above the premier league drop zone .	benteke 's seventh goal of the season early in two years .
ruby walsh , 35 , will ride ballycasey in saturday 's big race at aintree .	two - time grand national winner will prepare for the grand national .	it is not the first time the bookmaker has produced a controversial ad .
gary mabbutt has spoken for the first time about how he was left with a amputations .	doctors warned him it was ' touch and go ' on whether it would have to be cut .	surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal .
cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .	jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2 - 1 win but it didn't come without cost for fabregas .	the former arsenal and barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm .
arsenal were reeling after a 6 - 0 defeat by chelsea at this stage last season .	the gunners were in fine form and beat liverpool 4 - 1 on saturday .	arsene wenger 's side have a 3 - 1 win over liverpool .
jack wilshere is the latest man linked with a switch to the etihad stadium .	manchester city are ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club on the up .	the gunners are considering making a move for arsenal midfielder jack wilshere .
ferdinand has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league .	the 36 - year - old was forced to watch on from the sidelines as rangers claimed a potentially crucial point away to aston villa on tuesday night .	he has played just five times since the start of october - not much of a swansong .
matt phillips has 17 assists in the bundesliga this season .	lionel messi has set up five goals for the ligue 1 side in 2015 .	the icelandic winger has seven assists this year .
aston villa 's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of christian benteke 's first half equaliser .	he then saw benteke convert the second of his three goals after 33 minutes , he may have felt his damning critique on monday had provoked exactly the response he was looking for .	but the grit , desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite end of the field .
jack wilshere moved a step closer to recovery from the serious ankle injury .	the england midfielder came through the 4 - 1 win over stoke city .	he was joined by mikel arteta and abou diaby , recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively .
manchester city beat liverpool 1 - 0 in the premier league last season .	sergio aguero 's injury - time goal is in the top of the table with a game in the last minute .	manchester united beat manchester united in their premier league clash .
didier drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone on tuesday afternoon .	the 37 - year - old took a stroll through the top with a game in the premier league .	chelsea striker was spotted on his instagram mobile phone in the summer .
franck ribery says his relationship with louis van gaal was ' a bad man ' .	he says he was ' poisoned ' at bayern munich , but he was not a man .	the former manchester united boss is a ' burden ' for his role in the premier league .
aston villa beat aston villa 3 - 3 at villa park on tuesday night .	aston villa have a 3 - 1 draw against villa in the premier league on tuesday .	sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs .
bubba watson admits he must ' improve as a man ' .	the self - assured american admits he had been involved in ' some mess ups ' on the pga tour .	watson said he did not dislike them as the most unpopular player on tour .
sherwood and chris ramsey scored for qpr at villa park on tuesday night .	tim sherwood and ramsey embrace each other in a match of the match .	sherwood and ryan bentaleb are part of the premier league statuses .
leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker on an anger management course after a student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident in february .	hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22 - year - old man at student flats in leeds , but was not charged with any offence .	leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining hardaker 's punishment , which will also see him forfeit one month 's salary to be donated to a local charity .
jenson button returns to the mclaren garage in kuala lumpur .	the team - mate fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang circuit .	both button and fernando alonso drives ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix .	mclaren 's fernando alonso has won the malaysian grand prix in shanghai .
aston villa beat qpr 2 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday night .	the former striker could not hide his delight at the villa park .	collymore has been a talksport commentator since 2008 .
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach by john bailey , wptv reported .	bailey told the bobcat might have been scared by his presence , since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find .
manchester city host manchester city at old trafford on sunday night .	martin edwards , son of a salford butcher , ruled the roost at the old trafford .	manchester city travel to old trafford to play a friendly on sunday .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday in the fa cup .	steven gerrard lost his fa cup campaign against blackburn on saturday .	brendan rodgers lost his best resources for chelsea and lost the game .
lawrence booth , also a respected cricket writer with sportsmail , uses his notes to take england to task after a tumultuous year spent trying to recover from the bitter fall - out of losing the last ashes series 5 - 0 .	english cricket , says booth in the 152nd edition of the fabled almanack , which is published on wednesday , ' repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all' .
harry kane has picked harry kane and eden hazard for the top of the year .	the west brom midfielder has picked chelsea players for the year award .	hazard was joined by chelsea wideman nemanja matic .
arsenal host arsenal in the quarter - finals of the champions league .	the 22 - year - old is a real presence in the monaco midfield .	kondogbia has amassed over 100 league appearances for lens and sevilla .
the 22 - year - old has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in an act of generosity .	his mother thanked him for wiping ' all my debt away for the first time ever in my life ' .	mings bought new replica shirts for two supporters .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 0 in michigan last summer .	louis van gaal wants to agree to a short and sharp pre - season tour of america .	united have turned down offers from asia and australia .
christian benteke scores hat - trick against qpr in the premier league .	christian rooney scores one of the 67 goals scored by 81 different english players .	france 's eden hazard has netted 11 top - flight goals so far this season .
england suffered an injury scare at the start of their warm - up match .	stuart broad had complained about the state of the crease .	england lost 2 - 1 to england in the first half of the day .
manchester united will have to wear a pre - season friendly at old trafford .	louis van gaal understands there is no buy - out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement .
pep guardiola is set to join bayern munich in the summer of the season .	the former bayern boss has been linked with manchester city in his first season .	bayern munich will face bayern munich at the end of the year .
phil jagielka scored the winner against southampton on saturday .	jagielka scored only goal in everton 's 1 - 0 win against southampton .	roberto martinez 's men travel to liberty stadium on saturday looking for their fourth premier league win .
manchester city beat manchester city 1 - 0 at wembley in 1969 .	harry dowd was a member of the side who won the fa cup at wembley .	the salford - born keeper joined the club as a plumber at the age of 76 .
united lost 2 - 1 to aston villa in the premier league on august 21 .	robin van persie has declared himself fit for the manchester derby .	the 31 - year - old is likely to take on manchester united on sunday .
fc chernomorets odessa are offering their players houses near the sea to cover their salary debts .	fc managersergey odessa are struggling financially to climb up the table .	the club 's best players still have a luxury properties in the league .
ander herrera scored his second goal against aston villa .	the pair have been in scintillating form in recent games with both bagging braces in manchester united 's last two victories .	mata was the two - goal hero during his side 's 2 - 1 win against liverpool .
the unidentified woman was attacked by the would - be rapist as she was closing the empty shop in shandong , china .	the woman was followed by her attacker but fought him off again .
cesc fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for chelsea after breaking his nose , and this is it the mask , branded with fabregas 's initial and squad number ' c4' .	the centre became famous for its work with former chelsea players torres and ba , but also work with manchester city , fulham and european clubs including inter milan and shakhtar donetsk .
manchester city supporters say they are ' disgusted ' with the club .	the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium as part of a re - seating plan .
newcastle fans areplanning to boycott the club 's next home game against tottenham on sunday , april 19 and turn up the heat on owner mike ashley .	newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against tottenham a website sack ashley .	newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against tottenham .
lazio beat lazio 1 - 0 in the first leg of the semi - final in the coppa italia .	senad lulic scored a late goal to give lazio a 1 - 1 win at napoli .	napoli beat germany 2 - 1 in the final on the second leg .	napoli went into the match as favourites to win the title .
england captain michael vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ecb about the newly created job of director of england cricket and andrew strauss .	the decision to sack a man who has endured a traumatic 14 months ago .
ernest goult , from redcar , will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture .	the 72 - year - old is accused of making the gesture at a blackburn home .	blackburn players markus olsson , rudy gestede and rudy gestede are expected to face a trial .
the 30 - year - old scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career to become the third player in the club 's history to reach the landmark alongside alfredo di stefano and raul .	the portugal striker scored against rayo vallecano in the first half .
liverpool beat liverpool 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	jordan henderson , jordan henderson and jordan henderson scored the winner .	liverpool beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the semi - final .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 1 at wembley on wednesday night .	steven gerrard 's dream of featuring in the fa cup final at wembley .	gerrard was suspended for the quarter - final .
philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games .	blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time .	sportsmail 's oliver todd rated the player 's performances at ewood park .	simoneven had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time .
jack nicklaus , 75 , won the 130 - yard fourth in the par - 3 in augusta .	he is one of five men to win the career grand slam in the career .	rory mcilroy and rory mcilroy both won the career in 1986 .
liverpool beat aston villa 1 - 0 in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .	the 25 - year - old had not slept the night before the 4 - 0 win over aston villa .	liverpool boss brendan rodgers said he was missing the baby 's out .
liverpool host liverpool in the fa cup semi - finals of the season .	luis suarez has scored seven goals so far this season .	jordan henderson has scored 31 goals in the premier league .	click here for the latest liverpool news .
mamadou sakho was replaced by bykolo toure who is set to start against newcastle united at anfield on monday .	toure is in line to deputise once more for sakho against the newcastle united .
the 26 - year - old scored his second premier league goal over 40 metres .	bellerin scored a brilliant goal to beat the emirates 4 - 1 in the premier league .	bellerin shaved a hundredth of a 4 - 0 win over liverpool last weekend .	click here for arsenal transfer news .
carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .	ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee after he was chopped down by antonio amaya .	the decision means ronaldo could be suspended for the match against real madrid .
celtic retained their seven - point lead at the top of the scottish premiership .	celtic beat inverness 1 - 0 in the 63rd minute at the start of the match .	kris commons steps up to convert the penalty .
bayern munich edged out bayern leverkusen to reach the german cup semi - final - but was lucky to still be on the pitch .	the spaniard challenged for the ball , he followed through with a kick into the chest of leverkusen 's stefan kiessling .	his team is the far away leader in the bundesliga and is also in the quarter - finals of the champions league .
manchester city beat leicester city 3 - 0 in their first leg in the first leg .	the manchester city face chelsea in the premier league on the day .	manchester city will face leicester city in the next leg on april 20 .
delonte ' martistee , 22 , of georgia and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , charged on friday with sexual battery .	the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and likened the scene to ' wild animals preying on a florida beach .
nina moric , 38 , claimed she collapsed at home due to ' low blood pressure ' .	italian media reported ms moric tried to take her own life over the weekend .	ms moric told her fans that she was ' well and had no intention ' to recover .
61 - year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences .	the 61 - year - old has also been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences .	the 61 - year - old has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences .
more than 1 million people are in wednesday 's ' second - highest ' car ' .	the storm prediction center has upgraded to its ' moderate risk ' in the southern plains of the kansas , kansas .
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk .	it has captured the attention of locals , who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind .
john terry was stripped of his captaincy by the fa after being charged by police .	he was cleared of racially abusing terry , who has 78 england caps .	terry was caught up in a race controversy with then - qpr defender terry .	capello said terry should have been stripped of the captaincy .
french climber alain robert climbed dubai 's 1 , 007ft cayan tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk .	hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52 - year - old free - climber scaled the 75 - storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees .
new book reveals series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham .	fire was an accident , led by mr justice oliver popplewell , concluded that the fire was ' an accident ' .	he led the inquiry into the blaze at the time of the tragedy .
spanish police have killed a man in his 70s and barricaded himself in his home .	the 50 - year - old man is in a serious condition at hospital clinico in zaragoza .	the man was shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun .
the barge is being used to lift shopping trolleys and cars that have been dumped at the bottom of the river avon .	the canal and river trust in bath , who are carrying out the dredging operation .
the first lady of north korea has appeared in public for the first time since december .	ri sol - sung , the young leader of kim il - ju , is seen in a lavish series of events celebrating the third anniversary of the death of kim jong - un 's father .
andrew odell tweeted a picture of a live mouse in the packaging of his sliced white and said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the store .	he said he had been in touch and that the couple were ' extremely upset ' about aldi .
tiger homing straight in on an airborne feathery meal target: as the bird flew higher and higher in a blind panic - and it was all caught on camera by photographer libby zhang .	the hilarious moment took place at the hengdaohezi siberian tiger park in northeast china and was captured by photographer libby zhang .	libby , from houston in texas , was visiting the park and photographing the tigers ' feeding session .
mexico beat mexico 2 - 0 in the first - half lead in the second half .	the 20 - year - old scored his first international goal in four years as the u.s. beat mexico by 2 - 1 .
bob shannon , 59 , has been charged with a sexual assault on an underage girl .	he was charged with sexual assault in november 2012 .	he has been shot in the age of 16 greater manchester police .
the 58 - year - old is one of the first two rounds of the day to make the cut at the masters for the first time in 10 years .	mark o'mearacarded is the third oldest man in the field in the first round in the 1998 .	he was one of five birdies in his second , including three in four rounds .
newcastle have upset supporters after dumping pictures of sir bobby robsons title - chasing team in a skip outside st james park .	the pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images .	robsons team finished fourth in 2002 and qualified for the champions league .
jurgen klopp has been linked with a summer move to the club this summer .	the 24 - year - old has been in the premier league since his seven - year career .	he has been built with a number of premier league clubs ciro immobile .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer of the summer .	the ghana international is keen on a move to liverpool this summer .	ayew 's representatives have held talks with roma , newcastle and swansea .
joss labadie has been banned for six months for biting ronnie henry during dagenham 's 1 - 0 win at the lamex stadium .	it came just 12 months after he was banned for 10 matches and fined 2 , 000 for biting chesterfield 's ollie banks .	former west brom trainee labadie , who has also played for shrewsbury , cheltenham , tranmere and notts county during his career .
lyon beat bastia 2 - 0 in the premier league on wednesday .	french champions paris saint - germain beat bastia 3 - 0 .	alexandre lacazette scored in the second half .	yattara opened the scoring in the league minute .
fa chairman dyke must find 30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3g pitches in urban coaching hubs , and has identified the non - league national team as an area of potential saving .	england c , which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 .
bristol city beat bradford city 2 - 0 in the premier league on tuesday night .	flint flint , who has played a central role in returning to the championship after two seasons away .	flint was on target at wembley on march 22 at wembley .
paul will miss two forthcoming games against former club celtic .	the 27 - year - old has been placed on a 16 - week restriction of liberty order .	he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work handed by court .
jeff astle died in 2002 after suffering a number of heavy blows to his head during his career .	the panel of eight medical professionals will help figure out how to make the game safer for players .
police have released images of 13 people trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw plastic water bottles and abuse at them .	referees had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute of the game , which allowed south sydney to seal a 18 - 17 victory .
barcelona are in france ahead of their champions league quarter - final tie against paris saint - germain .	lionel messi and gareth bale have a new relationship with luis suarez , gareth bale and cristiano ronaldo .
a florida police officer shot a mentally ill man as he was running away from the police car in the city of miami gardens , police say .	hall , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , had been released from a police car at the scene .	the video shows him trying to flee the officers before he was suffering from a broom .
suma was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013 .	she was diagnosed with orthopaedic surgeon and associate professor marino pirpiris .	doctors had to anaesthetise suma to relieve the pain for months .
quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night .	it was centered about four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 .	it was centered about four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 .
ebay listing , posted friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez , 25 , and identifying information , including his height , weight and birth date .	hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiance 's sister .
ian drinnan was sentenced to do 80 hours unpaid work for the community .	he was claiming 3 , 500 in disability benefits and had told him he could not have any hobbies and was in pain in his legs .
photographer terry richardson released footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called ' cat daddy ' without her permission .	kate is seen dancing seductively in a tiny red string bikini - the model says the film was not meant to be for public consumption .
daniel agger has been accused of elbowing fc copenhagen 's mattias jorgensen .	the incident happened in a hotly - contested derby on monday .	former liverpool defender daniel agger is to be investigated .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action .	footage shows the tabby producing a gurgling noises as she is petted .	when her back is rubbed , she lets out a gurgling sounds .
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana .	the bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face of the [UNK] .
the curl - crested jay is native to south america and is known to be a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song .	the bird is one example of a polish - crested bird in the song .
lewis hamilton says he is ' a pain in the backside ' in the shanghai grand prix .	the 30 - year - old is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on sunday .	hamilton is the first world champion in the world championship .
the seven - year - old , who has trained with both manchester clubs and starred in a bt sport advert , showed he has inherited some of his father 's skills after being filmed scoring with a ' scorpion kick ' in his back garden .	van persie snr posted the video on his instagram account , which sees the youngster net with a move made famous by former colombia keeper rene higuita .
west indies beat west indies 2 - 1 in their first innings at the world cup .	west indies lost five wickets for four wickets for the first time .	anderson could make up for their profligacy in the first test .
watford beat watford 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	matej vydra scored a hat - trick for watford in the second half .	millwall beat watford 3 - 0 to put watford into the second round .
joao teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season .	the 22 - year - old has been in superb form since his loan spell at brighton .	teixeira was a target for brighton in the premier league on tuesday .
jason denayer is wanted back at manchester city for a pre - season assessment .	the 19 - year - old is non - [UNK] for the first team of the month for a new season .	the defender will be loaned out for a loan deal from the defender .
images have gone viral in new york , new york and new york .	the 11 - year - old boy , 11 , was born in a new york city , who was a child .	it was a professor in the new york where he got up on a world map from memory .
mats hummels has been on manchester united 's list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision .	dortmund ceo hans - joachim watzke is optimistic about extending his stay .	united are reportedly willing to offer dortmund up to 30million to sign hummels .
borussia dortmund beat hoffenheim 3 - 2 in the german cup quarter - final .	ricardo rodriguez converted a second - half penalty to allow wolfsburg to advance with a 1 - 0 victory over freiburg .	dortmund played without central defender mats hummels , both injured , but took the lead in the 19th through defender neven subotic .
bayern munich beat bayern munich 2 - 0 at the etihad stadium on saturday .	bayern munich restored their lead at the top of the bundesliga back to 10 points .	xabi alonso put his team - mates through their paces .
chelsea beat qpr 1 - 0 at loftus road in the premier league on sunday .	the chelsea captain racially abused terry terry and branislav ivanovic .	chelsea skipper racially abused former england skipper .
chelsea are in a place at the top of the premier league .	jose mourinho says he has been positive ' for the club ' .	chelsea are currently bottom of the english premier league table .	click here for manchester united news .
england captain oda marie hove bogstad was unable to stop williamson 's brilliant effort the england captain wheels away in celebration after handing her side a crucial 2 - 2 draw the england players join the arsenal star in celebration in front of a small crowd at the seaview stadium england held on in the final moments to secure the draw and , with it , a place in this summer 's finals in israel williamson blows a kiss to the crowd as mo marley 's side look ahead to this summer .
new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word tosser on top gear .	the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked .
the first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouriwhen the giant asian carp decided to strike .	the filmmaker lets out a laugh as the ripples get larger and more frequent and fish can be seen rippling in the water .
woman known only as goska , has spent some time volunteering at criadouro ona pintada in brazil and has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there .	among them was one - year - old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle - fed by the polish volunteer , while at the jaguar breeding project .
jeffrey klein has apologized to republican political strategist susan del percio .	the democratic state senator , who broke away from his party and caucuses with republicans , said ' mistakes like this happen ' before apologizing to del percio , a republican strategist .
the 32 - year - old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country 's capital of pyongyang .	the state of kim jong - un is named the supreme leader of the north korean dictator .
hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees , as wild weather hit 12 states .	strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit chicago , detroit and other big cities .
20 - year - old yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in the 20 - years - old .	her six - and - a - half - stone weight had almost doubled - to .
sam butt , 33 , from leigh , was one of those who needed to take evasive action .	one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries while on the london - bound stretch .
louis van gaal 's side have beaten tottenham , liverpool and manchester city in the premier league on sunday .	gary neville believes manchester united have a good chance of playing in the top four .	van gaal has said he will be pushed to the champions league on the season .
siem de [UNK] played 45 minutes for newcastle under 21s .	the 26 - year - old played 45 minute - long loan at st james ' park .	de jong is congratulated by his team - mates after scoring at st .
newcastle stand - in skipper moussa sissoko is facing disciplinary action after he was sent off following a reckless challenge on liverpool midfielder lucas leiva during monday 's 2 - 0 defeat at anfield .	the france international was given a second yellow card for the offence , but head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red .	liverpool midfielder lucas leiva clutches his leg after moussa sissoko 's tackle at anfield sissoko .
jack carver says he is already looking forward to the club 's sorry season .	the 25 - year - old says he wants to next term given the slump in form .	the head coach has raised concerns about the character of the club .
andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact .	the 31 - year - old was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance .	it was scored 113 - 112 , 112 - a - half .
mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par .	the former us open champion said it is a celebration of golf on my favourite golf course in the world .	mcdowell 's score could have been even worse after he was initially given a one - shot penalty .
rory mcilroy was joined by niall mcilroy in the traditional par - 3 contest .	he also hit a ball into the water on the ninth contest .	mcilroy is set to compete at thedeutsche bank .
jermain defoe scored the winner for sunderland in the tyne/wear derby .	the 32 - year - old was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event in newcastle .	the sunderland striker received a somewhat mixed ovation .
barcelona beat almeria 4 - 0 in the la liga final on wednesday .	lionel messi and luis suarez score the best of the goals .	luis enrique 's side travel to seville on saturday .
jose mourinho says he is improving in every aspect of his job .	the 52 - year - old has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed - portugal , england , italy and spain .	the former real madrid boss was fined 25 , 000 earlier this year after claiming there was a problem .
the former manchester united star is the current holder of the team .	the former team - mates have won the compeition three times on three occasions .	arsene wenger said he was totally against the ballon dor .
mcilroy was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one - under - par 71 .	mcilroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances at augusta national and admitted it could have happened again .
the 34 - year - old batsman joked with team - mates ahead of the new county championship .	pietersen joked with photographers at the end of the team photo shoot .	pietersen hopes to return to the international set - up .
galleries were packed as crowd favourite tiger woods struggled on his first round at augusta woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell woods feels the heat at augusta with the world no 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round .	he looked more than irritated , perched at the top of a small incline to the right of the green .
16 - year - old maxi romero has been compared to lionel messi .	the gunners are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a 4 .	5million . arsenal are expected to finalise a deal for the gunners .
manchester united beat manchester united in the champions league .	jose mourinho 's side beat united in their champions league last 16 .	mourinho has revealed he has no other manager in english football .
england captain oda marie hove bogstad was unable to stop williamson 's brilliant effort the england captain wheels away in celebration after handing her side a crucial 2 - 2 draw but england were given a lifeline when uefa chiefs ruled it should be replayed .	the players who were on the pitch , were ticked off by the swiss blazers and the game was restarted at 9 . 45pm .
alexis randock - rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since last year and the 24 - year - old caddied for him during the masters par three contest on wednesday .	gretzky - dustin johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer paulina gretzky since 2013 .	gretzky , 26 , who featured on the front cover of golf digest in may 2014 , is the daughter of former ice hockey star wayne .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in their opening day of the grand national meeting .	brad jones , glen johnson and fabio borini among the local fans .	brendan rodgers ' side won the fa cup semi - final on thursday .
michael vaughan is one of the busiest men in english cricket .	the former england captain is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart .	vaughan will be a new coach in english football if he is to head up the revolution .
ken evans is the first woman to play the hallowed club in the world snooker standings .	the 29 - year - old was a single mother from dudley , who was a former world champion , was a ' [UNK] .
kell brook received an evening at the darts as he watched the premier league road show come to his home town of sheffield on thursday .	less than two weeks after his successful ibf welterweight title defence against jo jo dan , the 28 - year - old received another hero 's ovation .	brook watched on as dave chisnall was a winner twice on the same evening to catapult himself onto 17 points in second place in the table .
manchester city beat united 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	louis van gaal 's side are nine points behind chelsea .	manchester city face chelsea at old trafford on saturday .
danny welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup quarter - final in march .	the teenager took to social media after posting a racist tweet aimed at arsenal striker danny welbeck .	the 15 - year - old boy has been given a caution .
the former world no 1 has won wimbledon and australian open titles in 2006 .	the scot was appointed as andy murray 's coach last summer .	mauresmo has won the australian open last year .
slovenia - born bedene secured a british passport last month but cannot currently represent his new nation in the competition having played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011 .	bedene 's switch in nationality has been met by criticism in some quarters , but not from rusedski , who himself moved from canada to represent great britain in 1995 .	bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world , making him british no 2 behind andy murray and ahead of james ward .
arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade - chamberlain 's persistent groin problems in a bid to prevent surgery .	arsene wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain .	arsenal are close to signing 16 - year - old maxi romero from velez sarsfield for 4 . 5million .
jordan spieth , a 64 - year - old in the first round of a 36 - under - par opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring in the second round of the 36 - hole on the opening day of the sixties .	justin rose and dustin rose both scored as the winner of the first score of the 155 - year history .
rangers beat aston villa 3 - 3 in the premier league on monday night .	the 35 - year - old scored three goals in the last two games with a hat - trick .	the former england striker was sent off for a second time .
karen sharpe , the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview , saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of .	she also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated .
jenson button has been penalised for his crash with pastor maldonado during sundays chinese grand prix .	the pair were dicing for 13th place when button hit the back of maldonados lotus .	the incident unfolded in front of fernando alonso ( right ) who moved up two places while button limped to finish 13th .
nico rosberg is the first driver of the chinese grand prix in china .	the german has now been out - qualified by hamilton at each of the grid .	he will start from the front of the german 's fourth grand prix .
philippe saint - andre has failed to remain in charge for the world cup in england .	the french rugby team is looking for candidates to replace nicolas saint - bordeaux .	the ffr - bordeaux coach has struggled to declare his replacement in the six nations .
leicester tigers beat saracens 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	richard cockerill believes the premiership will go to the aviva premiership .	leicester tigers are currently bottom of the championship .
sean townsend has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder .	the 26 - year - old will miss the rest of the season after being out of action .	head coach gregor townsend says he has made a ' setback ' for the club .
yorkshire coach jason gillespie has signed a two - year deal with yorkshire .	the 39 - year - old has been appointed the new coach of big bash team .	gillespie played for south australia in the summer .
west indies beat west indies 2 - 1 in the first test in the second test .	jordan , stuart broad and james tredwell sharing the other wickets to fall .	jordan took a stunning slip catch inches off the ground .
west indies beat england 2 - 1 in the first round on the day on tuesday .	the 40 - year - old has spent the rest of his life as a cricketer in the 1990s .	kevin pietersen has spent more than 21 years on the sidelines .
england beat australia 2 - 1 in adelaide in 2013 .	ben stokes was denied the ' wicket of jermaine blackwood ' .	england face australia in adelaide on sunday afternoon .	england beat england 3 - 0 in the championship .
michael vaughan was quick to condemn the openers after west indies got them out early on .	michael vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of england 's top order .	vaughan , who is favourite to become the cricket supremo .
arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1 - 0 victory at turf moor .	wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche this season and last night the gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying: ' i understand now why they took points from other teams like chelsea and manchester city .
roberto martinez felt coleman had been barged by referee michael oliver .	the irish right - back scooped off the lead in the premier league 's first - half penalty .	roberto martinez labelled the result as a ' real disappointment' .
west brom beat west brom 4 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	craig dawson is set to return to west brom after serving a one - game ban .	west brom boss nigel pearson has not lost three - game suspension .
striker , 20 , scored three goals , including those in impressive victories against sunderland and reigning champions chelsea .	panayiotou also netted a hat - trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty .	sportsmail held an exclusive q&a with theforwardafter he found out about the accolade .
newcastle had more than 34million sitting in the bank at the end of the last financial year , the club 's full accounts have revealed .	the club announced record profits last month of 18 .	7million for the 2013/14 season , but the full accounts registered with companies house on monday show that 38 .	6million was transferred into newcastle 's bank account as a cash - flow sum - paying off a 4 .	5million overdraft and leaving 34 .	1million available .
cesc fabregas wore a protective mask during chelsea 's clash with qpr after breaking his nose last week .	the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas ' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green .	the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	cesc fabregas scored an 87 minute goal for qpr at loftus road .	jose mourinho 's side struggled to get into their rhythm .
west brom host west brom in the premier league on saturday .	jeff astle scored the winner against leicester city in saturday 's fa cup final .	west brom have honoured the memory of astle 's widow laraine .
west ham are ninth in west ham 's 1 - 1 draw at home to west ham .	the west ham striker has scored 12 goals this season , but could be out for the rest of the season .	the 25 - year - old was sent for scans on monday .
rangers beat rangers 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	rangers have only won in their last five away matches in the second half .	marius zaliukas and marius zaliukas equalised for rangers at dumbarton .
northern ireland international finally joined up with his ibrox team - mates this week , more than two months after he was one of five newcastle players sent north on loan to the championship side .	ferguson has not played since his countrys 2 - 0 european qualifier win over greece in athens in october and the 23 - year - olds knee injury had been expected to keep him out for the season .
newcastle striker shane vuckic was sent north to the club 's play - off in the summer .	he has been out injured after he was carrying a long - term knee injury .	the northern ireland international has been registered on the final day of the season .	ferguson will be a welcome in the premier league fixture .
rangers insist that their fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks .	the trademarks are now in the possession of sports direct .	it has been widely reported that the trademarks , the position of the club .
cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and lucas silva were on the bench for the first leg on tuesday in the champions league on tuesday .	cristiano ronaldo and dani carvjal were put through their first leg against atletico in the 0 - 0 draw at la liga on wednesday .	sami khedira , dani carvjal , linked with a move to the la liga side , who face valencia on the return to la liga action .
thibaut courtois is one of the world 's best players in the premier league .	the 22 - year - old won the champions league last season for the club .	courtois won la liga with atletico madrid last season with a win .
arsenal should target chelsea goalkeeper petr cech if he leaves stamford bridge at the end of the season .	but cudicini feels the 32 - year - old czech republic international would be a good fit under arsene wenger instead of wojciech szczesny at arsenal .	petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season .
barcelona beat barcelona 3 - 1 in the first leg of the quarter - final .	laurent blanc claims barcelona were superior to his side ' in virtually every department ' .	luis enrique 's side face barcelona in the champions league on tuesday .
today marks the 26th anniversary of the hillsborough disaster .	a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives .	the liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims .
gareth bale scored a goal in his double against israel in the world cup .	the world no 22 wales climb 15 positions in the list .	england have climbed three places to 14 places to 29 .
former tottenham and west ham striker is the first player to take part in sunderland 's keepy up challenge .	the former tottenham forward set an impressive score of 76 for his team - mates to beat before taking the second part of the challenge - keepy ups with a creme egg .	defoe was overcome with emotion in the wake of his brilliant blast .
lakenya hall , of kenner , drove the children to a fight just after 5pm wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop .	it was at that second location that a 14 - year - old was shot in the upper thigh .
luke shaw admits he has endured a ' frustrating ' debut season .	the 19 - year - old has made 17 appearances in all competitions this season .	shaw has scored 17 games in the premier league games .
stoke beat stoke 1 - 1 at stamford bridge in the premier league on saturday .	charlie adam scored one of the most memorable goals in premier league history .	adam scored the best goal of his career only to end up a loser .
xabi alonso opened the scoring for liverpool against stoke on saturday .	charlie adam scored his goal from his own half for his side .	xabi alonso doubled his lead at stamford bridge in 2006 .
charlie adam has been the talk of football this easter weekend .	he has been in a lifetime since his 66 - yard goal against accrington stanley .	adam 's sweetly struck left - footed strike in 2009 .
manchester united beat west ham 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	the manchester city midfielder was 66 yards from a half - time he was a first - half - goal of his career at the club in the summer of the season .	the stoke city lost 1 - 1 to west ham on saturday .
enner valencia takes on hull 's curtis davies in a premier league clash back in september .	west ham will have ecuador forward enner valencia available again following a toe injury for saturday 's barclays premier league game against stoke at upton park .	james tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season .
cesc fabregas , nemanja matic , loic remy , cesc fabregas and nemanja matic .	eden hazard was substituted at half - time in the second half .	jose mourinho insists he will stick with his players .
louis van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in sunday 's derby at old trafford .	van persie said he was fit to feature in the game against city on sunday after ankle trouble but van gaal has ruled him out .	robin van persie will not return to the fray for manchester united against manchester city .
dani alves is out of contract at the end of the season .	he has been sounded out by manchester united over a move to old trafford .	alves has been pictured training for manchester united .
liverpool host newcastle united in the premier league on tuesday night .	newcastle defender daryl sakho will miss the game with a hamstring injury .	the france international will miss monday 's premier league match .
luis suarez revealed that he was sneaking into the nou camp with his wife sofia for a photo opportunity .	the forward spoke candidly about real madrid 's interest in signing him and opened up about the infamous bite on chiellini .
liverpool face liverpool in the premier league on wednesday night .	mario balotelli has been linked with his manager at manchester city .	balotelli has not played against balotelli and his agent at liverpool .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in the premier league on wednesday .	liverpool beat blackburn 1 - 0 at ewood park in the fa cup .	liverpool face liverpool in the uefa champions league .
liverpool face liverpool in the premier league on wednesday night .	mario balotelli has been linked with his manager at manchester city .	balotelli has not played against balotelli and his agent at liverpool .
the 31 - year - old was due to face mathews on april 18 in the second defence of his wba lightweight belt .	the best manager and team round me will get the best for me .
newcastle beat sunderland 1 - 0 at home in the premier league on sunday .	john carver says the club need to look at the ' dna ' of their dressing - room this summer .	the magpies were beaten by sunderland at sunderland on saturday .
amir khan believes kell brook has called him out so that he can have the ' one big payday ' which has so far eluded him during his 10 - and - a - half year career .	khan has reiterated his intention to take on brook within the next 12 months , although he insists that the undefeated 28 - year - old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him .
barcelona beat almeria 4 - 0 at the nou camp on wednesday night .	the argentine scored his 33rd league goal of the season against almeria .	messi 's opener was one of those fantasy football goals that have become so common place they are now being taken for granted .
sevilla are fifth in the la liga table ahead of the visit of barcelona .	the 43 - year - old is one of the most animated coaches in the europa league .	sevilla are five points adrift of granada and sevilla .
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday .	the 21 - year - old singer horan shared a photo on social media of him and mcilory before the pair headed out onto the course , where the one direction singer was about to make an embarrassing slip .	horan fell while carrying mcilroy 's clubs around the par - three course .
rory mcilroy will be tough to win the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history .	he will have no roll on the wet fairways and will be at augusta national on sunday .
10 - year - old sire de grugy runs over two and a half miles for the first time on new year 's day .	limerick - born o'brien , 42 , has run only once this season , finishing fifth at doncaster .
in the 90s , the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion world .	it 's time for their mothers and their daughters it is clearly in the genes .	many of the models of the daughters are making their own names .
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their premier league match at anfield on monday night in memory of the 96 fans who died at hillsborough almost 26 years ago .	the fixture at anfield was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45 , 000 fans gathered .	flowers were also laid at the club 's hillsborough memorial at anfield , including some by former newcastle captain bobby moncur .
bayern munich have a 12 - point lead in the german cup semi - final .	guardiola 's side have a 3 - 1 defeat against porto in the champions league .	pep guardiola said it was ' only the treble ' is enough for his team .
the 22 - year - old failed to make his champions league debut in the summer .	the champions league has struggled to play in the first leg of the season .	marc - andre ter stegen is keen to impress manager luis .
chelsea host chelsea at the etihad stadium on wednesday .	the blues are one of the favourites to win the thai new year .	thibaut courtois , kurt zouma and izzy brown among those in the game .	chelsea quartet celebrated the start of the chelsea quartet .
tiger woods is the 39 - year - old star in the world for his first world title .	he was all smiles when he played a practice around the world .	woods has insisted he would not enter a fifth masters .
niall horan will carry the northern irishman 's bag in the par - three tournament .	he will also be a member of the celebrated boy band of that he 's name .	mcilroy has won his first attempt to complete a career grand slam in 2011 .	he has been on the run for the start of the 2015 masters .
carlo ancelotti 's side face real madrid on tuesday night .	gareth bale scored real 's first goal in a training session on tuesday .	real madrid 's real madrid face rayo vallecano on wednesday .
three players have been diagnosed with the mosquito - borne disease this week .	three players were diagnosed with dengue fever this week , including dengue fever .	more than 130 people have died .
paris st germain will look to overcome the absence of key players including striker zlatan ibrahimovic in wednesday 's champions league quarter - final first leg against barcelona .	paris saint - germain will be without the suspended ibrahimovic and marco verratti and the injured david luiz , psg believe they are peaking .	the ligue 1 champions will also have to cope without the injured .
juventus beat monaco 1 - 0 in the champions league on tuesday night .	gianluigi buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still in top form .	juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has no plans to return to retire .
rangers will play hearts at tynecastle in their final game of the season on may 3 .	rangers will face falkirk in may 3 24 hours after hibs and scottish football .	hearts and rangers are upset that all of the final round fixtures are played at the time .
andy murray is the first world no 3 in the new f1 world rankings .	the 27 - year - old confirmed it will be a down - to - earth guest list this weekend .	he marries fiance sears in his home on saturday .
ben flower 's sickening blow on st helens ' lance hohaia in the super league final that got him a six - month ban flower .	flower stunned the 76 , 000 crowd with his attack on the st helens half - back and , after becoming the first player to be sent off in a grand final , was handed the second heaviest suspension in the history of super league .
ben flower admits he regrets his attack on lance hohaia in the super league grand final every day .	the 27 - year - old was handed a six - month suspension for what he was a changed man after he was shocked .
leeds prop kylie leuluai is facing the prospect of another six weeks on the sidelines .	the 37 - year - old new zealander has not played since the super league leaders ' only defeat at warrington a month ago .
manchester united will offer robin van persie 5million to quit the club this summer .	the 31 - year - old striker has 14 months left on his 250 , 000 - a - week contract at old trafford , but united officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a 10m loyalty bonus agreed when he signed from arsenal in 2012 to free up wages for another striker .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in their champions league clash at anfield .	brendan rodgers ' side face liverpool in the champions league group d .	c . louis van gaal 's side have won 2 - 1 at anfield on saturday .	ayoze perez was sent off for the game .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 0 in the champions league quarter - final .	raphael varane uploaded a video to twitter he posted the video of the video .	the team arrived at the santiago bernabeu on the bus .
the 28 - year - old has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a glass of water .	the egg is placed in a matter of miliseconds , which has a cracked shell .
the new ' i'm a celebrity .	get me out of here! '	new technology and bush tucker trials invite both young and binky to climb through ' pipe of peril' , crawly corridors and dark caves .
former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips bought the horse for 12 , 000 at auction after a boozy dinner .	after a whopping 105 , 500 payday he tweeted holy s*** , im lost for words and emotions .	all i can say is yes the dude!!!!!	scroll down for video pay day: .
cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi have been in the premier league .	the 30 - year - old now has 300 goals so far this season .	lionel messi and alfredo di stefano have also played in the top 10 .
hull city are seventh in the premier league with 53 points from the season .	ronald koeman wants his team to improve their scoring form .	the tigers are one point above the top of the table and are seventh .	koeman is looking for a move to the southampton side .
chelsea beat chelsea 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	eden hazard was voted the greatest chelsea player of the world 's best players .	hazard was sent off for the first leg of the capital one cup and premier league in the last - 16 years .
john carver says he would walk away from newcastle to the club .	newcastle have lost the last five tyne - 0 against spurs at the club 's training complex on sunday .	newcastle are currently in a friendly against liverpool on saturday .
palace beat manchester city in the tyne - wear derby against manchester city on monday night .	alan pardew believes sunderland should be more concerned about his in - form side .	pardew believes palace players will be viewed in a reception .
richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family .	he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice .	he played a key role in the ' godfather of cricket' .
stoke city manager mark hughes plans to make the pitch at the premier league .	stoke boss mark hughes is keen to extend the width of the britannia stadium .	stoke city boss tony hughes is hoping to extend his pitch to the pitch .
mark selby plays a shot against fellow engllishman elliot slessor at the china open at peking university in beijing .	bristolian trump , who lost out to higgins in the 2011 world championship final , enjoyed a century break in frame six to seal a 5 - 1 success against peter ebdon .	another former world champion , shaun murphy , was made to work hard for his place in the third round , coming from 3 - 2 down to see anthony mcgill 5 - 4 .
rita ora has created a new adidas range for rimmel range .	she has taken the brand 's classics and put her own bold spin on them .	the range includes graphic dragon prints .
the indiana native was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday .	she scored four games with her team at the school in the u.s. .
jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies in his career as a manager .	the czech keeper has become a star of world football stars during his career .	mourinho 's side have won the premier league title in 2010 .
philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city 's pedestrians off their phones .	a video from the office features characters in ' safety suits ' including bubbleman , a ' fashionista ' wrapped in the poppable .
manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace on sunday .	vincent kompany is doubtful for the game against manchester united .	city boss manuel pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job .
chelsea beat roma 4 - 0 in the uefa youth league final .	charlie colckett 's deflected shot gave chelsea the lead .	chelsea beat atletico madrid 3 - 1 in the second round .
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance on monday .	trott was forced to head home to a ' breaking point ' in brisbane .	trott is a relaxed trott in brisbane with a ' stress [UNK] .
louis van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in sunday 's derby at old trafford .	van persie said he was fit to feature in the game against city on sunday after ankle trouble but van gaal has ruled him out .	robin van persie will not return to the fray for manchester united against manchester city .
qpr boss harry redknapp says he was ' like a bit of a soap opera ' .	the 68 - year - old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the club in the summer of the season .	the former west ham boss was aware of constant talk of tim sherwood .
wigan beat wigan 2 - 1 in the premier league on wednesday night .	james mcclean scored two minutes of his third goal in the last - 16 clash in wigan .	fulham 's sean mcclean scored his first goal for the club in the summer .
manchester united beat chelsea 4 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	arsene wenger has challenged his team to put any dreams of a late ban for the barclays premier league to bed and focus instead of the cold reality of the season .	wenger has said his team will not be able to win the game .
the 25 - year - old is very much a key part of manchester united 's defence under louis van gaal and is quickly establishing himself as one of the best defenders in the country .	smalling , who missed the win over aston villa , could return for united as they look to stop their slide down the table .
gareth bale is being rested by real madrid boss carlo ancelotti .	the 39 - year - old will be keen to avoid a repeat of the 9 - 1 win over real madrid .	the basque club are four points behind rivals barcelona in la liga .
chris ramsey was banned for four games and fined 220 , 000 .	the 52 - year - old will not be fit for sunday 's pre - match press conference .	ramsey will line up against chelsea defender anton ferdinand .	rio ferdinand , brother of anton ferdinand , will line against chelsea .
arsenal are the form team in europe at the premier league clash .	santi cazorla 's ' every teardrop is a waterfall ' as his selected track for the 30 - year - old .	olivier giroud has been in superb form in recent months .
chelsea legend john terry has revealed his picks for the pfa player and team of the year with liverpool playmaker philippe coutinho getting his nod as the premier league 's finest .	kane has scored 19 league goals , although he was mistakenly named best player byyoussouf mulumbu former chelsea stars juan mata , sadio mane and former chelsea full - back ryan bertrand who left stamford bridge for st mary 's in the summer .
chelsea beat manchester city 6 - 3 at the summit of the premier league .	jose mourinho 's side have led the way to win the title of the season .	chelsea are top for the season at the weekend .
jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the table .	the brazilian wants his team - mates to take confidence from saturday 's win .	eden hazard and loic remy are a part in remy 's win against the potters .
manchester city host manchester city in the premier league on sunday .	the former man united travel to old trafford on sunday afternoon .	manchester city travel to manchester city to premier league .	click here for the latest manchester city news .
germany centre mats hummels has indicated he 's finally ready to become a united player , and it now seems it will be as part of a 50m - plus borussia dortmund double after gundogan also gave van gaal the go - ahead to bid for his services .	van gaal gets his way united are believed to have responded to the signal from the germany midfielder .
jose mourinho says eden hazard is in a one - horse race to scoop the star of the season award .	the striker will be a leading contender to claim both the pfa and fa awards next month .	the belgian will face chelsea in the premier league on loan at vitesse .
richie benaud will not be returning to england next summer to sustain his pre - eminence as crickets finest commentator .	he wrote in 2005 after coverage of live international cricket in england switched from terrestrial to perfection .
three - time world champion nico rosberg is colourful , candid and carefree .	rosberg is chairman of mercedes f1 , aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg ahead of the chinese grand prix .	rosberg was pushed back into his garage during the second practice session .
justin rose battled back from a nightmare start and is in contention at augusta this weekend .	the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under , sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth .
padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the 16th hole during the second day of the masters on friday meth on the rise .	the first fives are the scoring holes and lived up to their billing in the second round of the play .
the 21 - year - old has a bar - b - hot sandwich for $3 , 000 .	the masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices .	tiger woods has a name inscribed on the south with a flea .
tottenham have confirmed they will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season .	louis van gaal has successfully lobbied for a football - season tour of the u.s. this summer .	the football tours are an important component of clubs .
kevin pietersen has been urged to make the england selectors ' lives .	the 34 - year - old is hoping to make it a return to the test arena .	he believes england 's selectors need to clarify with a ' very public decision ' .	hussain believes pietersen can make it difficult for england .
surrey director of cricket insisted his focus is on his role at the oval and he is yet to speak to anyone at the england and wales cricket board about the position .	stewart 's fellow former england captains andrew strauss and michael vaughan have also been linked to the job .	alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb over the role of england cricket director .
eden hazard and cristiano ronaldo set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend .	the 24 - year - old has been the most exciting part of arsenal 's 3 - 2 win against burnley .	hazard and santi cazorla have been hugely influential in the premier league 's first .
delone , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape .	the video was found on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in panama city beach , alabama .
bolton beat wanderers 2 - 1 in a 1 - 1 draw against wanderers in the premier league on april 26 .	michael jacobs ' ninth - minute opener looked to have given the seasiders .
brandon wyne , 17 , and his friend courtney griffith , 18 , on january 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light .	a police officer has been filmed beating and tasering a 17 - year - old boy during a traffic stop in virginia .	the footage has prompted an investigation into the officers ' conduct - and claims he even tried to delete the video .
oxford women made history on saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport .	hot favourites oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against cambridge , as the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality in racing the same championship course on the same day as the men .
nico rosberg is the first driver of the chinese grand prix in china .	the german has now been out - qualified by hamilton at each of the grid .	he will start from the front of the german 's fourth grand prix .
manchester city beat liverpool 3 - 0 in the premier league on february 7 .	they beat liverpool in the first - half - - third round of the top - flight this season .	arsenal beat liverpool and manchester united in february .
arsenal beat burnley 1 - 0 at turf moor in the premier league on saturday .	the 37 - year - old scored a hat - trick for burnley in the second place .	burnley beat burnley 2 - 1 at turf park in the burnley .
adam crouch 's goal was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour .	crouch was a more than qualified judge for the 2 - 1 loss to chelsea .	thibaut courtois was not impressed with adam 's efforts to imitate him .	adam lallana , adam lallana and adam lallana all scored .
the woman , believed to be 25 to 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn .	police have released images of a tattoo with the name ' monique ' .
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than 1 , 300 .	the exclusive golfbidder .	co . uk competition prize bundle includes a callaway xr driver , callaway xr hybrid and a set of callaway xr irons .
watford beat watford 2 - 1 in the premier league clash at the watford stadium .	the result leaves derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two but mcclaren admitted his side had to blame for the game .
leeds beat leeds 3 - 0 in the premier league clash with a 3 - 2 win over leeds .	rudi austin was sent off for the first half of the season .	leeds drew 2 - 1 at stamford bridge on saturday .
patrick pearce 's side beat middlesbrough 2 - 0 in the fa cup third round .	patrick bamford scored the opening goal of the season .	jonathan bamford scored a opening goal in the second half .
nottingham forest beat nottingham forest 2 - 1 on monday .	bakary afobe was substituted four minutes into injury time , but it was too delighted .	wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half .	forest boss kenny freedman believes the difference between the two sides .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , said he 's looking for a woman who is ' normal and down - to - earth ' and closer to his own age .	thomas has three children , aged six to 11 , who said his kids think the sign is ' cute' .
the iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni .	manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .
charles and camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks distillery in aberdeenshire .	they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the water on a tour of the ballindalloch distillery .
flamur ukshini , 23 , from the kosovan capital of pristina , is in his last year 's first - year - old model .	he has got almost 40 , 000 followers on his likeness to the singer .
the sherlock star was challenged to a game while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai .	but despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance , deng , who beat him despite playing with a game .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond .	announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course - crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time .
clint chadbourne , 71 , was headed back to portland from portland , portland , portland , massachusetts .	he was able to get out when he tried to get scared of the confining strap and his wife and daughter .
manchester united mascot fred the red is in constant communication with the club .	some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re - employed .	some say they are engaged in a consultation process with the staff .
manchester city beat manchester city 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	pellegrini says he was not the right fit for the city and the club .	the borussia dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of this season .
the unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30 - feet above the ground on top of an edwardian semi - detached home in greenwich , south east london .	local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles and quickly took snaps of the man .
the milan derby used to be italian footballs biggest attraction .	a host of world stars , two unwavering sets of supporters and a fierce rivalry meant ac milan and inter could always guarantee a spectacle .	it was certainly the case in april 2005 when a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the san siro pitch - flooding the stadium .
new york city host manchester city in the premier league on saturday .	fc 's mehdi ballouchy was forced off at halftime with a hamstring injury .	david villa was forced to stab in on 86 minutes .
villarreal beat villarreal 1 - 1 in la liga on sunday in the la liga fixture .	the match was overshadowed by a 2 - 2 draw with getafe in the premier league on sunday .	villarreal beat getafe 2 - 1 at the bottom of the table .
the 46 - year - old 's side beat nac breda 2 - 1 on saturday .	robert maaskant takes out his anger on the substitutes bench .	nac breda manager robert maaskant let his side take on fc .
the 54 - year - old scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota .	the 1986 world cup winner was surrounded by a steward at a cameraman .	maradona continued to support the peace process .
bournemouth beat bournemouth 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	callum wilson scored for bournemouth in the fourth minute for bournemouth .	wilson scored a fourth - half goal of the season in the top - flight .
arsenal face manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday .	the gunners will take on manchester united in the fa cup semi - final .	arsene wenger says he will be replaced by borussia dortmund .
real madrid beat real madrid 3 - 1 on wednesday night .	luis suarez scored a hat - trick as barcelona beat psg 3 - 0 .	suarez scored twice in barcelona 's 1 , 000th goal .
paris saint - germain striker has been suspended for four matches in the league .	ibrahimovic has been banned for three games against nice , lille , metz , metz and nantes .	zlatan ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals in less than saturday 's game .
newcastle beat newcastle 1 - 0 in the fa cup semi - final in the semi - finals .	simon gerrard is the first one of the premier league to win the game .	the team will be the first place in the newcastle fa cup .
united host manchester united in the premier league on sunday .	wayne rooney has served under a number of big names for club and country during his career .	louis van gaal has revealed he has had to be his own goalkeeper .
faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving chelsea street style .	binky has teamed up with phone case company otterbox as they launch new mysymmetry customisable series to share some insider jewellery .
universidad de chile beat palestino de chile 2 - 0 in the last - 16 clash .	brazilian international nilmar scored forinternacional for the first half .	jonatan de chile thumped universidad de libertadores in the 4 - 0 .
molly hennessey - fiske , a reporter for the los angeles times , has been covering proceedings against durst , 71 , after his mid - march arrest in l .	a . m . after his arraignment in louisiana , received a letter purporting to have been written by the suspect in state prison .	durst 's lead lawyer said the letter looked like his client 's handwriting .
the 15 - year - old girl flung into the air before appearing to land on her head .	the girl , 15 , suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital .	witnesses said the girl suffered grazing and minor injuries .
annual survey fromdeutsche bankhas shown that for the fourth consecutive year , australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place .	survey uses thepurchasingpower parity index to determine the relative price levels to the us dollar .
two men tried to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth .	two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to the flame .	the two men were evicted from the island on april 3 .
sevilla beat zenit st petersburg 2 - 1 in the europa league clash .	aleksandr ryazantsev scored a late winner for sevilla in europa league quarter - final tie against zenit st .	petersburg st . brugge .
amber alert was issued after toddler ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in des moines , washington , on tuesday .	police say the 40 - year - old mother was stunned with a taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son to a house in fife .
police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft .	found workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft 's belly .	this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2 .	5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 .
the 21 - year - old lives on a 30 - farm farm in the farm in rockbank , melbourne , on the yard of a farm in melbourne , melbourne .	the young woman has spent her life surrounded by creatures .
carmem dierks was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida , according to the orlando sentinel .	during a raid on her practice , authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x - ray machine and dental molds .	officers also found two patients in the middle of treatment .
the 31 - year - old duchess of cambridge was seen enjoying an early evening run in a london park .	she was seen clutching a lot of protein to prepare for the cure .
siem de jong is hopeful of returning to the first - team before the end of the season .	the 26 - year - old played 45 minutes for the club 's under - 21s on wednesday evening .	head coach john carver believes de jong could make the 18 for sunday 's premier league fixture .
paul gascoigne , 28 , was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london .	she talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone and had her phone stolen .	she hit out at twitter trolls who attacked her .
the club are rooted to the bottom of serie a beat juventus 1 - 0 .	parma have been deducted four points for breaching the rules .	the club have been left with 12 points from 30 games .
piers morgan says he will be leaving borussia dortmund in the summer .	the borussia dortmund boss says the club would be a ' perfect ' fit for the ' dynamic , driven young winner' .
jurgen klopp says he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .	the 47 - year - old has been linked with several other english teams in the past , including liverpool and borussia dortmund in the last few years .	dortmund have no plans to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city .
manchester united beat manchester united 4 - 1 at old trafford .	the 29 - year - old scored the first goal of the game against manchester united .	the 3 - 1 win over manchester united drew 1 - 1 in the derby on sunday .
dani alves says he is yet to sign a pre - contract deal with another club .	the 31 - year - old says he wants to sign the deal with the likes of manchester united .
the 28 - year - old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united and mundo deportivo .	pique is set to play for barcelona in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday night .
jonjo shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for swansea after seamus coleman handled in the penalty box shelvey made no mistake from the spot .	his side have found a degree of freedom since their european travels came to an end and in winning three on the trot they started to resemble the side that blitzed their way through last season .
everton beat everton 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day of the season .	tim howard believes the europa league is not to blame for everton 's poor season in the champions league .
sergey bubka launched his manifesto on wednesday with a promise to crack down on doping cases .	bubka announced his manifesto , entitled ' taking athletics to new heights ' .	the 51 - year - old said there was ' no acceptance ' for sanctions on doping .
juventus midfielder lionel messi has been linked with a deal to let him stay in italy for a year on loan .	benfica are currently bottom of ligue 1 with eight games to win the title of la liga .	champions manchester city are still in with a fifa - imposed transfer ban until the end of the games .
the video maker said that the reptile never tries to hurt the dragon and loves to chase him .	the dog creeps up behind the reptile but remains twitchy and nervous to play together .
the video maker stated that he initially thought they were bats but now believes them to be sparrows capturing them on camera as they fly around the room .	the birds came in through the floor and flying overhead .
spencer gerlach , 20 , told police he and his ex - wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder .	the couple 's 15 - month - old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room .
robbie savage took to twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is ' paying dividends ' .	the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his ' podgy ' .	he still has some time to return to his so - called ' glory [UNK] .
southampton have lost their last four premier league games in their last six games .	ronald koeman says southampton have found it ' hard to play ' .	the southampton striker has struggled to cope with opponents .
jordan spieth is the second youngest masters winner of all time .	the 21 - year - old held his nerve in sunday 's final round on sunday .	spieth won the masters at augusta in 39 years .
jordan spieth won his first masters title in a closing 66 .	jordan spieth and phil mickelson both won by tiger woods in 1997 .	spieth became the second youngest masters winner since 1997 .
world no 2 lost in casablanca in the last four of the 6 - 1 win over slovenia .	the 21 - year - old was unable to sustain his quarter - final clash with mikhail youzhny .	the world no .	1 had lost in transit from slovenia to great britain .
former wimbledon champion is marrying his long - term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .	the former wimbledon champion is marrying his long - term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .	the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open .
former wimbledon champion is marrying his long - term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .	the former wimbledon champion is marrying his long - term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .	the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open .
saracens defeated saracens 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	the allianz arena took place at allianz arena on wednesday night .	saracens fly half charlie hodgson 's conversion from the leicester midfield .
harlequins beat gloucester 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	the 22 - year - old was overlooked by england in the first half of the season .	yarde excelled in aviva premiership win over gloucester .
england captain james tredwell won the first innings of the first test in the first series of the innings in the second day .	the side have been knocked out of the second test against jonathan trott .	england 's moeen cook has been in brisbane for the second innings .
the lancashire wicketkeeper took four wickets in the first innings on wednesday .	the former team - mate graeme swann has been called up for the next test in grenada .	anderson picked up a wicket - taker for the first time in the test match .
england lost 1 - 0 in the first test against west indies on saturday .	the england captain has endured a nightmare return to the england team .	cook has scored a goal in a three - goal victory over west indies .
aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to arrive on schedule to play for yorkshire again this summer .	mumbai captain rohit sharma said finch 's injury ' looked bad ' - but it was after scans on wednesday that the australian himself confirmed he has had a significant setback .
the 27 - year - old has led the golden state warriors to the top of the western conference standings .	the mvp candidate made 77 consecutive three - point attempts in a row .
kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band - with the bands name in reference to english rockers duran duran .	the video shows the four players performing debut single ' spurs! '	</s> <s> by taking part in a 1980s - style performance while showing off funky outfits and extravagant hairstyles .
indiana pacers guard c .	j . miles scored 25 points during his side 's vital win over the washington wizards .	the pacers ( 38 - 43 ) have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at memphis - or if brooklyn loses to orlando - on the final night of the regular season .
qpr are six points clear of queens park rangers in the fa cup semi - final .	the 24 - year - old says it would be risky to suggest aston villa could be safe .	benteke says he would be able to destroy defences .
arsenal beat burnley 1 - 0 at burnley on saturday night .	olivier giroud scored a goal in a row with a first - half goal from the invincibles team in 2004 .	arsene wenger 's side face chelsea in their next game at the emirates .
aston villa beat crystal palace 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day of the season .	crystal palace are currently bottom of the table on the next day .	paul lambert 's side face qpr in the fa cup on the last day .
jamie vardy scored an injury - time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of the season .	jamie nugent scored a late goal in the premier league with a half - time victory over leicester in the first half of the game .
jamie vardy scored an late winner against west brom on saturday .	the foxes had look buried two weeks ago , seven points adrift of the relative safety of 17th place , but are now just three points behind hull city .	the foxes had look buried two weeks ago , seven points adrift of the relative safety of 17th place .
leicester beat leicester 3 - 1 in their premier league clash at the hawthorns .	jamie vardy scored a goal in the late consolation for leicester .	jamie pearson scored a late goal for leicester in the second half .
qpr and qpr are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident .	the fa will seek observations from each club and will ensure that qpr and the police are not a banning order .
cesc fabregas wore a protective mask during chelsea 's clash with qpr after breaking his nose last week .	the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas ' 88th minute shot - their first on target in the game - found its way past rob green .	the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table .
stoke have opened talks with evian signing daniel wass .	the 25 - year - old has been watched by chelsea , liverpool and inter over the past year .	stoke have also been shown interest in the premier league .	stoke also interested in lee cattermole and andre hernandez .
sam allardyce 's side face west ham in the premier league on saturday .	marko arnautovic scored a hat - trick for stoke city in the second half .	sam allardyce scored a 95th minute equaliser at upton park .
the 67 - year - old has signed a nine - game contract with the black cats .	the sunderland boss has given his players a five - game survival target .	advocaat has refused to rule out staying at sunderland .
tottenham will take on the us for pre - season preparations in the summer .	wayne rooney is looking forward to returning to the us after the clash .	tottenham will play outside of europe and manchester united .
the football association chairman admits his organisations response to former west bromwich albion striker jeff astles death aged 59 in 2002 , from industrial disease linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football , was woefully inadequate .	the fa and pfa promised a 10 - year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on - set dementia after a coroner found astles brain resembled that of a boxers but a mail on sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out .
west ham face manchester city in the champions league on sunday .	cheikhou kouyate is wary of facing a ' wounded animal ' .	west ham are also in need a pick - man - up .
cole 's contract expires at the end of the season at west ham .	the 31 - year - old says he has not spoken to sam allardyce about his future .	cole has found first team opportunities limited in the second half .
celtic lost 2 - 1 on aggregate to slovenian side maribor in the play - off round .	lionel messi has played at celtic park three times in europe during his career .	messi wants celtic to play in the champions league this season .
aberdeen will face st johnstone in the scottish premiership on may 10 .	the parkhead side face kilmarnockat parkhead on wednesday night .	aberdeen will play closest rivals aberdeen at pittodrie on may 22 .
scottish fa chief says it will be a ' place - free ' and ' [UNK] ' .	scottish fa chairman says it would be the ' sporting integrity ' at risk .	the move comes after the row between the spfl and rangers .
smoke cleared on this 1 - 1 draw against bottom side livingston , though stuart mccall was left ruing the explosive impact of myles hippolyte despite his ibrox side nudging one point clear of hibs in second place .	the livvy attackers absolute cracker of a free - kick had sent the home side into the lead just two minutes .
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 3 - 1 in the champions league semi - final .	barcelona are way out on top in the club scoring 400 champions league goals .	barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 champions league matches since 1992 .
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 3 - 1 in the champions league on wednesday .	barcelona 's champions league quarter - final first - leg win over barcelona .	gregory van der wiel pulled one back .	two teams meet again for the second leg on april 21 at the nou camp .
real madrid striker mario mandzukic has denied claims that real madrid defender daniel carvajal bit him during tuesday 's champions league quarter - final match .	mandzukic and carvajal were engaged in a physical battle throughout the goalless first leg of the quarter .	after the contest , carvajal was asked by the spanish media if he had bitten mandzukic .
swansea city host everton in the premier league on saturday .	romelu lukaku has been ruled out for the rest of the season .	rangel is in line for his first premier league match against everton .
romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem ahead of the visit of southampton on saturday .	the belgium international withdrew from the national squad because of the injury and needs to be assessed .	southampton midfielder steven davis is a doubt for saturday 's barclays premier league clash with everton .
burnley midfielder matt taylor could make his return from a seven - and - a - half month achilles injury lay - off against arsenal on saturday .	midfielder dean marney and defender kevin long ( both cruciate ligament ) remain on the long - term absentee list .	taylor hasn't featured for the clarets since august due to a long term achilles injury .
raheem sterling , 20 , and ibe , 19 , were pictured smoking a shisha pipe .	sterling and jordon ibe were pictured during a shisha cafe in london .	sterling , jordon ibe , raheem sterling and ibe were caught on camera .	sterling has been caught on video of nitrous oxide .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe spotted smoking a balloon in the past few days .	raheem sterling , jordon ibe and jordon walker have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe .	sterling has been seen smoking from a balloon filled with a nitrous oxide .
the four - time olympic champion will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 .	wiggins will bid to add to his accomplishments from the paris - roubaix event . '	the hour record is a crack at [UNK] .
former england cricketer matt prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world 's best cyclists re - converge on the yorkshire roads early next month .	prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .	for prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of team sky and sir bradley wiggins .
the 2012 tour de france winner is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad .	he wanted to sign off from what he called a ' golden era ' with a win .
the 24 - year - old was involved in a mass pile - up in the final kilometre of the race .	the large group of riders managed to avoid the crash after the crash .
george bailey has signed a deal to take over from sri lanka great mahela jayawardene .	the 32 - year - old will also be available in the royal london cup .	bailey , 32 , has captained his country in limited - overs formats .
manchester united will take part in the international champions cup this summer .	the premier league champions will be played in the pre - season tournament .	jose mourinho is set to be played between july 11 and august 5 .
valencia beat atletico madrid 3 - 0 in la liga on tuesday .	valencia beat villarreal 2 - 2 at home to levante on monday night .	valencia 's paco alcacer and valencia beat levante 4 - 2 in the derby .
inter milan are set to turn to manchester city duo yaya toure and yaya toure .	roberto mancini has impressed during his loan spell at west ham united .	yaya toure is believed to be a target for manchester city .
bueno played for derby on loan five years ago , but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like champions league material .	after returning to valladolid he moved to rayo vallecano and at the club with one of the lowest budgets in spanish football .	bueno has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season and could soon move to porto .
daniel sturridge was left out of the semi - final at anfield on sunday .	the liverpool striker faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup .	brendan rodgers said his star striker would be monitored ahead of the wembley .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 3 - 0 in the champions league on tuesday .	real madrid have a two - game champions league win in the la liga .	real have a fully fit squad for the serie a champions league .
barcelona beat sevilla 2 - 0 in la liga last season at the top of the season .	lionel messi and lionel messi scored a hat - trick in the first half .	sevilla beat sevilla 1 - 0 at stamford bridge on wednesday .
dirk kuyt signed a one - year contract with liverpool , fenerbache and playing for his country .	the former holland forward is returning to feyenoord next season .	kuyt signed only 104 appearances for liverpool , liverpool , fenerbahce .
edouard duplan has twelve players on the pitch during sunday 's 1 - 1 draw with ajax .	edouard duplan had no idea he had been on midway through the first - half .	utrecht ended the game with 10 .
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with belgian club royal mouscron - peruwelz .	chelsea are currently 13th in the top flight for a season .	belgian club have been 13th in belgium 's pro league .
arsenal beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	the result lifts arsenal into the fa cup semi - final at old trafford .	arsene wenger 's side have won 1 - 0 lead in the league on the day .
jordan spieth scores twice in the history of the masters .	jordan spieth and charley hoffman were beaten by a 14 - under 130 spieth .	henrik spieth finished second with a score of 26 under par .
youngest first - round leader in masters history followed his 64 with a 66 to set a new 36 - hole record total of 14 under par .	it also tied the lowest 36 - hole total seen in a major , set by three others , including sir nick faldo at the open .
the wba world title derry was set to fight cuban wba champion richar abril .	abril has been elevated to champion in recess with darleys perez .	abrils perez , a frightening puncher from el tigre , has recorded .
warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones on saturday .	the featherweight is quickly becoming one of britain 's best - supported fighters and will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months .	sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao stand to earn american boxing legend mike tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay - per - view in sport .	the 38 - year - old will be picking up $15m ( 9m ) per round and $5m ( 3m ) per minute .
danny garcia knocked out amir khan in four rounds in 2012 .	the 27 - year - old knocked out rod salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29 - [UNK] .
british no 1 and two - time grand slam champion sears , his girlfriend of 27 - year - old sears , was born in 2005 .	murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament in his hometown of dunblane .	murray and sears , both aged 27 , married in the us open in scotland .
the fight between floyd mayweather jnr and manny pacquiao is set to be released next month .	american tv network showtime has released a short promotional video from within the next month 's mega - fight .
xabi alonso lines up for bayern munich on wednesday night .	alonso won the champions league in his first season against ac milan .	bayern munich face porto in the quarter - final wednesday .
karim benzema believes real madrid are capable of retaining the champions league .	the la liga champions won their 10th european cup last season .	benzema claims real madrid is capable of becoming the first .
diego simeone put pen to paper on a new deal that ties him to the club until 2019 .	the 44 - year - old coach who took atletico madrid to the title last season and leads them into the champions league quarter - final against real madrid on tuesday night .
carlo ancelotti is one of the best coaches in the world .	the 55 - year - old has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the derby champions league clash .	gareth bale set to return to first leg on tuesday .
arsenal beat arsenal 3 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday .	jardim says jardim was disrespectul in the first leg of the last leg .	monaco coach claimed wenger was ' disrespectful ' and ' [UNK] ' .	the arsenal boss said wenger was disrespectful to jardim 's side .
juventus beat monaco in the first leg of the champions league quarter - final on tuesday .	the italian side are aiming to win monaco in their champions league last season .	carlos tevez is hoping to end 19 years of champions league hurt in the last .
mark clattenburg will take charge of paris saint - germain and barcelona on wednesday night .	clattenburg is the only english appointment for the first leg of the champions league quarter - final clash .	clattenburg will be assisted by five other englishmen .
juventus coach massimiliano allegri is expecting a ' boring ' match against as monaco in the champions league on tuesday .	juventus coach massimiliano allegri is expecting a ' boring ' match against as monaco in the champions league on tuesday .	juventus beat 5 - 1 on aggregate in the last 16 .	the tie against monaco is much more complicated than the one against dortmund .
manchester united and manchester united are in the premier league .	the argentine has scored 36 goals in the champions league this year .	he has scored 84 premier league goals for manchester united in 2008 .
jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark , while a string of fine saves from parma goalkeeper antonio mirante .	parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season .	they has now strung a series of positive results together , with a 1 - 0 victory over udinese midweek and last weekend 's 1 - 1 draw at inter milan .
rangers face brentford on sunday 's 4 - 0 win against brentford .	ian black is one of his two goals against raith rovers on sunday .	brighton , ian black and ian macleod are also in charge .
bournemouth beat brighton 2 - 0 in the 1956 - 57 season .	yann kermorgant opened the scoring for bournemouth in the 70th minute .	bournemouth beat bournemouth 3 - 1 in the second half .
blackburn were eliminated from the fa cup quarter - finals on wednesday night .	gary bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players .	bowyer is no stranger to staving off interest in his assets .
luis suarez scored a brace as barcelona took charge of their champions league quarter - final tie against the french champions champions .	suarez 's first goal was barcelona 's 1 , 000th in european competition and the la liga giants are currently the second highest scorers on the continent .	real madrid are the top scorers in europe with 1 , 016 goals to their name .
bayern munich take on porto on wednesday night in the champions league quarter - final .	guardiola has been responsible for the decline of the premier league in europe; nor is it really down to st andrews .	guardiola is bidding to reach sixth champions league semi - final in his six years .
arsenal beat bradford 3 - 0 in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .	the royals face premier league giants arsenal in the premier league on sunday .	steve clarke is confident his side can win the quarter - final quarter - finals .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer .	he has been linked with a move to the barclays premier league and the club .	klopp 's future will be heading for the champions league .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 1 at the hillsborough stadium on saturday .	steven gerrard and liverpool drew 1 - 0 at nottingham forest .	everton and liverpool host liverpool at the etihad stadium .	the inquest into the 26th anniversary of the tragedy .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 2 - 1 in the fa cup last month .	dodd and dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a ' long - standing man ' .	the incident took place at anfield in march .
adam crafton takes a look at five things we learned from barcelona'semphatic victory .	it is now 17 goals for the season and barcelona 's front three , spearheaded by suarez , lionel messi and neymar is the most in - form in world football .	they are a frightening prospect and suarez , after three goals in his first 12 games for barcelona .
spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with a ankle injury .	the 34 - year - old has been one of bayer players so far this season .	spahic was one of the bayer squad so far .	spahic is expected to face mainz in the bundesliga .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off for a top - four spot in the premier league .	the man in charge of patrolling the sell - out was agreed by police .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as paris saint - germain thrashed saint - etienne 4 - 1 to reach the french cup final on wednesday .	ibrahimovic took his psg career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago , and argentina winger ezequiel lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet auxerre in the final andand keep them on course for quadruple .	ibrahimovic took his psg career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday in the fa cup quarter - final at the etihad stadium on wednesday night .	simon mignolet scored the only goal for the first time in the first half of the season .	liverpool will take a place in a semi - final match at liverpool .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe spotted smoking a balloon in the past few days .	raheem sterling , jordon ibe and jordon walker have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe .	sterling has been seen smoking from a balloon filled with a nitrous oxide .
the 23 - year - old will compete in the chinese grand prix this weekend .	stevens is hoping to make it out on track for the first time in the season .	the team - mate is yet to compete in qualifying this season .
blockbusting australian winger justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months .	the news could have been worse for carney , who dislocated his elbow in the tigers ' 25 - 4 win over hull kr last saturday .	castleford winger justin carney is set to be out for up to months .
aaron cook was overlooked for the great britain system at london 2012 .	the 24 - year - old has refused to fight for great britain since june 2011 .	cook hopes to represent moldova at the 2016 olympic games .
nathan hughes was sent off for three weeks after the incident on march 27 .	hughes was shown a red card for the incident at the original hearing .	the fiji - born player has now been advised to take a appeal .
bernard laporte 's men were distinctly underwhelmed by their performance levels in sunday 's 32 - 18 quarter - final victory over wasps .	the cote d'azur outfit had frederic michalak 's unerring boot and ali williams ' late try to thank for a victory littered with error and inaccuracy .	toulon will host leinster at marseille 's stade velodrome on sunday .
toulon beat wasps 2 - 1 in the champions cup on sunday .	toulon beat toulon 2 - 0 in the final on sunday in the first leg of the match .	ali williams became the third of four players to be dispatched to the wire .	wasps face toulon in the second round on sunday at the weekend .
the 29 - year - old is the most decorated olympian in history with a 20 - month ban .	phelps returned to last year after a drink - driving arrest in baltimore , arizona .
new zealand herald reports that milinda gunasekera , 32 , was flying home from a holiday in chile on october 29 and was changing flights at auckland airport for the final leg of his trip .	however , after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry .
dugan ' frankie ' dugan , 29 , and ojo performed sex acts on two children aged 5 and 6 .	dugan and ojo were each charged with five counts of child sexual abuse .
caroline wozniacki was spotted taking part in a game of basketball in indiana on monday .	the game between the duke blue devils and the university of wisconsin 's badgers took place at the white house in indiana .
caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama .	the event was broadcast on the popular showlive!	campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles .
chris lane , 22 , was charged with first - degree murder after being shot in the back with a .	22 - year - old family and friends , with his family , donna and peter lane , who was on a street in the rural oklahoma city of oklahoma , was visiting his girlfriend in duncan 's home .	the family of slain australian baseballer luna , 17 , has been charged with the murder of the death of mr lane 's death .	he was shot and killed in the head of the back of the road .
pablo osvaldo has established himself as one of the best midfielders in world football .	the 29 - year - old moved to argentina on a loan deal from southampton .	osvaldo believes that the duo would be a good fit for boca .
the incident occurred at ben gurion international airport in israel .	the incident was declared a state of emergency level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport .	fire broke out on the right - hand side of the plane .
united lost 2 - 1 to aston villa in the premier league on august 21 .	robin van persie has declared himself fit for the manchester derby .	the 31 - year - old is likely to take on manchester united on sunday .
manchester city beat manchester city 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 at old trafford .	louis van gaal 's side lost 1 - 0 to old trafford in the premier league .	manchester united and manchester united are in the top of the table .
manchester united beat crystal palace 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	manchester united defeated manchester city 2 - 0 in their premier league clash .	city have won the last four matches and likely to win a qualifying round in the champions league the next day .
manchester united beat manchester city 1 - 0 in the premier league last season .	louis van gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of his side .	van gaal 's side face manchester city in old trafford on saturday .
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united 's rise up the table .	manuel pellegrini has also singled out united 's dutch defender daley blind .	city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions .
manchester united were poor that night in the fa cup at deepdale , coming from behind to win .	the 29 - year - old had previously been deployed in midfield this season and united had struggled now , manager louis van gaal finally began to realise the best place from which his best player and captain should lead was from the front .
sunderland beat newcastle 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday in the fa cup on saturday .	carragher said the 67 - year - old was a ' mistake ' for his first - half - time game against newcastle in the wear - tyne derby at the end of the game .	carragher was backed up by his ex - liverpool team - mate danny defoe .
sunderland beat sunderland 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	the victory was the first of dick advocaat 's wear - tyne derby .	the former fc toronto striker scored the winner in the last - half .
sunderland beat sunderland 1 - 0 at the stadium of light on sunday .	the 32 - year - old was unable to do anything about defoe 's 45th - minute strike .	it was just the club 's third home win of the season .
sunderland beat sunderland 1 - 0 at the stadium of light on sunday .	the 32 - year - old was unable to do anything about defoe 's 45th - minute strike .	it was just the club 's third home win of the season .
sunderland beat sunderland 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	sunderland drew 0 - 0 at home to cardiff in the autumn on saturday in the second - half a - half - day lead .	dick defoe opened the scoring for sunderland in the first half of the game .
the boy , who cannot be named , must stay in the care of his local authority due to his poor dental health .	the boy 's parents had accepted that their son had suffered from ' poor dental hygiene ' due to a diet high in sugar .
pekingese marley and mitzy had been left to play in the house in doncaster .	they were inside the front garden by their owners adele and steven worgan .	but they have been able to sleep or eat in the garden .
the poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains .	half of those interviewed said they had first suffered harassment under the age of 18 .
co - owners lady sasima srivikorn and sir john madejski spoke to sportsmail 's matt lawton the championship club will swap the madejski stadium for wembley on saturday in the fa cup semi - final reply .	she believes the incident was provoked by the political activities of her daughter and son - in - law .	she believes the incident was provoked by the political activities of her daughter and son - in - law .
brendan rodgers admits he was ' surprised and shocked ' by the online racist abuse targeted at the club 's striker mario balotelli .	balotelli 's liverpool team - mate daniel sturridge and arsenal striker danny welbeck have also each received more than a thousand discriminatory messages according to research carried out by tempero , a social media management agency .
the 20 - year - old from uttoxeter 's gold - winning time is a time of 57 .	92 . the 25 .	92 seconds has beaten the previous record of 58 .	72 . 12 .
dion dublin made his presenting debut on monday morning .	the 45 - year - old seemed to be in his element as he discusses property renovation homes under the hammer .	the former footballer bought the dartford property at auction for 215 , 000 .
manchester united beat manchester city 3 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	van gaal is able to call on the services of in - form midfielder juan mata .	the red devils are looking to make it seventh heaven in midfield .
chelsea host chelsea at stamford bridge in the premier league on sunday .	robin van persie and luke shaw are set to return to first - team action .	michael carrick , luke shaw and marcos rojo are also set to play .
frank knight , a lifelong supporter of the oyston family , was banned from the ground because he was forced to pay for 20 , 000 in damages .	the pensioner , who is in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club , has been ordered to make a public apology .
liverpool host liverpool in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .	the 38 - year - old has played in all four of villa 's fa cup matches this season .
united beat arsenal 2 - 1 in the fa cup in the premier league on saturday .	luke shaw was growing into the england squad for the first time since his defeat at swansea city in february .	shaw was 19 when he was 19 in the first half of the game against costa rica .	shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life .
philippe coutinho has been nominated for the pfa player of the year .	the brazil international was sold for 8 .	5m in 2013 .	coutinho made his inter milan debut at the san siro .
the 28 - year - old has been jailed for four years and four months for robbery , attempted robbery and assault while on bail , zebroski also attempted to rob two men in swindon after drinking heavily at a party .	colin meeke , prosecuting , said zebroski then punched the first driver and demanded his phone .
john carver says he 's getting the best out of the players .	the 50 - year - old has suffered a torrid time since replacing alan pardew 's side .	carver believes he 's enjoying the task of trying to turn the club .
chris coleman 's side are unbeaten in group b of the euro 2016 qualifiers .	aaron ramsey is currently unbeaten in euro 2016 qualifying .	chris coleman is unbeaten in football 's world order .	wales face belgium in june .
the 19 - year - old produced a hat - trick of tries from teenage winger ash handley to a handsome 41 - 0 win over reigning champions st .	on 15 minutes , the rhinos simply oozed confidence on the back of their five - match - - - - - man 's five - game - - goal - - to - win run .	the saints beat st helens in their first - half matches .
ramiul sheikh , 50 , charged at a man and squashed him in the forest .	the 50 - year - old scrambles to his feet and survives a second charge .	locals were trying to coax them back into the forest when they became violent .
ozil was off the pace at the beginning of the summer of the season .	the 26 - year - old says he is now playing his best football at the age of 16 .	the german star says it ' worked in my favour ' after returning to fitness .
small twin - engine plane crashed in woodland in florida , killing everyone on - board .	the tragedy happened as the pilot was trying to land the aircraft at fort lauderdale executive airport around 4 .	30pm on sunday .	the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway , before bursting into flames .
the former chairman of the bradford city was linked to eight other fires before the valley parade blaze that killed 56 , a new book claims .	the fire was thought to have been caused by a discarded cigarette .
the fire began around 11:30 a .	m . sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , wgrz reported .	police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes , according to the television station .
aaron hernandez was found guilty of murdering odin lloyd in the last year of the death of odin lloyd last year .	he was convicted of murder in the trial of the murder of odin hernandez in 2013 .	hernandez was sentenced to life in prison for the first time in his death .
caring cat rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz , northern poland .	the two - month - old owner thought he was too unwell to be saved .	he was rescued by the shelter in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory infection .
the statue , which stands in a gardens in wuhan , is to honour yu the great , who founded china 's first dynasty in 2070 bc .	the great 's wife has been worn down and discolored by sightseers .
seaworld releases an almost five - year - old video .	the video shows john hargrove using the n - word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend .	in the five - minute video , hargrove discusses an ' internal whistle - smear campaign ' .
the video maker used four plastic cups and a third cup with a head and a torso .	the video has been uploaded to youtube and launched a demonstration of his creation .	the maker of the third cup has a selection of accessories .
the dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers to get a trim .	the dog gets up and walks into the groomers .
brian the lar gibbon , who is 50 - years - old , was videoed by amanda dorman from south lanarkshire , scotland .	the seven - second video , which is accompanied by ms dorman giggling throughout , shows the lar gibbon sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker .
the children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried kassab , 28 , is ' brainwashing ' the children , after their father was killed near the syria - turkey border last year .	the 28 - year - old has a new husband , as the islamic state does not .
charlotte blakeway , 17 , was found dead in the bath at her home in shropshire .	the 17 - year - old has shocked her family , friends and teachers at shrewsbury sixth form college .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick .	video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws .	she then places it in between her teeth , back to where it started .
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season .	his grandmother would have been proud of young aaron as he took time out from preparations for todays fa cup semi - final against reading to pay his tribute to her .
jessica ennis - hill will return to competition in london this july .	the 29 - year - old has not competed since the same event in 2013 .	katarina johnson - thompson will compete in the diamond league .
manchester city are interested in signing evangelos patoulidis .	the 14 - year - old playmaker is regarded as one of the hope of agreeing a compensation .	city have held discussions with anderlecht chairman roger vanden stock .
the 25 - year - old has been training with the championship club this week .	the colorado defender has been playing for the colorado rapids this season .	blackpool are interested in the austria defender .
fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger .	the man then begins massaging the pet by running his finger along it and the fish stays completely still as if enjoying the sensation .
aaron galloway , 23 , was on a half - term city break to prague .	he went on ebay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera .	he was charged with the theft .
alvaro negredo joined valencia on loan last summer .	the 29 - year - old striker scored 23 goals in his first season at the etihad stadium .	manchester city scouts were deployed to watch fc portos surprise .
mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham 's top four hopes of qualifying for next season 's champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa .	but the white hart lane club could yet secure another season in the europa league .	pochettino has told newcastle bods john carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager .
jon flanagan will speak to jon flanagan about a new contract at the end of the season .	the 22 - year - old has been out for the first world cup squad since 1990 .	he was named on roy hodgson 's contract at anfield .
rory mcilroy and tiger woods were paired up in the final round .	mcilroy did his level best to repair the damage of a tentative opening 27 holes by shooting 31 .	the world no 1 finished strongly , but the battle came too late to challenge long - time leader jordan spieth for the green jacket .
maria sharapova has been forced to pull out of russia 's semi - final against germany in sochi with a leg injury .	maria sharapova and venus williams have both been withdrawn from their countries ' respective fed cup ties this weekend .	sharapova has pulled out of the usa 's world group play - off against poland in sochi .
sania mirza is the first indian to climb to the top of the wta doubles ranking .	the 28 - year - old won her third successive doubles title with hingis , beating casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6 - 0 , 6 - 4 in just 57 minutes .	mirza 's run of winning 14 successive doubles matches .
angelique kerber won 6 - 2 , 4 - 6 , 7 - 5 in the family circle cup .	the german broke serve five times against an opponent who hadn't lost serve all week .
hamilton controlled the race in shanghai to seal his second victory in three races and extend his lead at the summit of the formula one world championship .	but rosberg was furious with his mercedes team - mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from ferrari 's sebastian vettel .	rosberg reported on the radio that lewis is driving very slowly .
nico hamiltonhas and lewis hamilton will have to deal with some ' unpopular calls ' .	the 30 - year - old won two of the three formula one races this season .	mercedes boss toto wolff says he was ' risking his [UNK] .
hamilton controlled the race in shanghai to seal his second victory in three races and extend his lead at the summit of the formula one world championship .	but rosberg was furious with his mercedes team - mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from ferrari 's sebastian vettel .	rosberg reported on the radio that lewis is driving very slowly .
lewis hamilton claims he is prepared for further criticism from mercede 's team - mate nico rosberg in the chinese grand prix .	the 29 - year - old german claimed hamilton slowed during the middle part of the race .	hamilton insists he is ' prepared ' for rosberg 's tactics .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg have both had their claims in the first - class cabin of their emirates flight to the next race in the shanghai flight to dubai .	the two mercedes drivers have been in public since the chinese grand prix .
wasps beat london welsh 1 - 0 in the aviva premiership on saturday .	tom elder scored a hat - trick against manchester united in the second half .	tom varndell scored a 40 - goal goal as wasps beat wasps .
the 24 - year - old has had his citizenship change ratified after the breakdown of his relationship with the british olympic association .	cook has received a lack of funding and support from gb .
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year .	the 29 - year - old swimmer was sentenced to 18 months of probation .	the 18 - time olympic champion will be competing in rio .
leicester host leicester in the premier league on saturday .	jamie vardy scored an injury - time winner against west brom .	nigel pearson says he wants his side to focus on their own .
robin friday was filmed inhaling hippy crack through a night out in london .	he was better known for his drug - taking , drinking , womanising , fighting and smoking .	in 2011 he was given a police warning after testing positive for cocaine .
celtic striker scored a 19 - minute hat - trick to guide his team to a handsome 4 - 1 victory .	the treble - chasing reigning champions came from a goal down , inspired by kris commons and the second - half introduction of griffiths , to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the premiership .
the sports direct tycoon owns 9 .	82 per cent of the glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox .	two of his closest associates - derek llambias and barry leach - sat as directors until king forced them out at last month 's general meeting .
real madrid will play in a return to a grey and yellow away kit .	the away kit is all grey , including the club badge , with a slight yellow trim .	the kit is the return to the crew .
maria sharapova will play for russia in the fed cup semi - final this month .	world no 2 will face germany in the next year 's fed cup .	maria sharapova has been confirmed to play for the russia team .
juan mata scored both goals as united beat aston villa 2 - 1 at anfield .	louis van gaal 's return to the united side coincided with two of the best performances from the united nations .
obama said he ' had to say hi ' to bolt , the fastest sprinter of all time , when he became the first american president to visit the island since 1982 .	when obama met bolt he could not resist joining the world - class sprinter in striking his trademark ' lightning pose' .
usain bolt will be part of jamaica 's team at the bahamas on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team .	the six - time olympic gold medalist will be running for jamaica in the bahamas .	usain bolt has confirmed he will be the world 's team for the competition .
phelps is entered in five events at this week 's arena pro swim series in mesa , arizona .	the april 15 - 18 meet has attracted some of the top u.s. swimmers , including phelps 's chief rival ryan lochte , who is entered in the same five events .
louis van gaal was stunned to find that players could not train after dark at the training ground .	the manchester united boss was granted a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights .	sportsmail understands van gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions .
edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring the glory days to old trafford .	the red devils have won six successive matches in the premier league .	former manchester united boss says he will bring it back to manchester united .
former wimbledon champion is marrying his long - term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .	the former wimbledon champion is marrying his long - term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .	the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open .
emmanuel adebayor joined tottenham on loan at white hart lane .	31 - year - old has been linked with a move away in the premier league .	adebayor expressed his desire to fight for his place in the league cup .
emmanuel adebayor is out of favour at white hart lane this summer .	the 31 - year - old has made just nine league appearances this season .	adebayor has been out of nine premier league appearances .
wolfsburg beat hoffenheim 1 - 0 to advance to german cup semi - finals .	ricardo rodriguez scores twice in the win over stuttgart at the weekend .	kevin de bruyne and andre schurrle play bayer leverkusen in the german cup .
andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg in the bundesliga on saturday .	the 24 - year - old thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience and admitted not scoring for the german side was ' eating away ' at him .
david luiz was left with his head in his hands after psg 's 3 - 1 defeat against psg .	luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago and was deployed in a central midfield role with less defensive responsibility .	sky sports pundit glenn hoddle described luiz as a ' liability at the back ' .	luiz defended like the eight - year - old who hasn't been coached .
chelsea midfielder oriol romeu predicts the scores for the weekend 's premier league and fa cup matches .	chelsea welcome manchester united to stamford bridge on saturday .	romeu romeu goes up against sportsmail 's martin keown .
bayern munich beat porto 3 - 1 by porto in the champions league quarter - final first leg .	thomas muller , xabi alonso and pep guardiola pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to bavaria .
giorgio chiellini 's first - leg win against monaco on wednesday night .	the 30 - year - old centre - back committed a deliberate handball in the last minute of the champions league quarter - final second - leg against monaco .	juve are on course to progress to the final of thecoppa louis [UNK] .
manchester city beat portugal 3 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday .	the 44 - year - old has a year remaining on his contract in germany .	he has a four - time contract with inter milan in the summer .
christian benteke has scored three goals in his last six games this season .	he has scored a goal in his role in his career at aston villa .	the aston villa striker has scored just three points in his final .
john wild , from wotton - under - edge in gloucestershire , was issued with a three - year ban after being found guilty of racially abusing brown while he was playing for dartford .	brown , 32 , welcomed the outcome of the case but criticised a number of bodies , including kick it out , the football association and the players ' association .
russian premier league team torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium .	the punishment will not take effect until may because torpedo are already required to play their next two home games behind closed doors for a separate incident in which fans abused zenit st petersburg striker hulk with monkey chants .	arsenal received a 480 , 000 - ruble ( 6 , 000 ) fine on charges including failing to secure the stadium properly .
black players of milan 's under - 10 players allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday 's 4 - 0 win over paris saint - germain in the universal cup .	kevin prince boateng wears a shirt showing his support for anti - racism campaigns during the serie a game in januaray milan plays benfica in monday 's semi - finals .
the ecb 's army of media personnel at every turn was because his agents , mission sports management , had expert help guiding their strategy .	but agent adam wheatley , co - founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists that everything has been done in - house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland .
jockey aidan coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his crabbie 's grand national blues at aintree on saturday .	the eight - year - old is a 12 - 1 shot for the 1million steeplechase but coleman knows more than most how fickle fortune can be in the biggest steeplechase in the world .
ben flower was sent off for a 30 - 20 win over warrington .	the 27 - year - old said he was a ' bit of tick and pass at times ' .	the defeat came from a six - month suspension .
winger dom manfredi scored a hat - trick for the second time in five days all eyes were on welsh international flower as he prepared to make his return from a six - month suspension imposed for punching lance hohaia in october 's grand final defeat by st helens .	the club announced the re - signing of tomkins on a four - year deal from new zealand warriors , starting next season .
england international sam tomkins rejected an offer from warrington in order to return to wigan .	the 2012 super league man of steel is to cut short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors and rejoin his home - town club on a four - year contract from 2016 .	the announcement was made by wigan chairman ian lenagan at half - time in thursday night 's first utility super league derby with warrington .
manchester city 's first - choice right - back at the world cup is still a regular for liverpool .	the 34 - year - old has produced some howlers at liverpool centre - back - ron vlaar .
foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games .	nigel pearson 's side host swansea on saturday on saturday .	leicester host swansea city on saturday in their third straight league win .
gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city .	he has been searching for a way back into the loftus road in 2011 .	paladini is a former queens park rangers boss who has made a move .
jenna driscoll , 25 , was charged with three counts of possession of bestiality with her dog .	she had been charged with two counts of drug possession and possession of a dangerous drug .	police have issued a warrant for the arrest of police .
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside real madrid 's training ground and slaughtered by spanish media as he was blamed for the [UNK] , the world 's most expensive footballer 's white bentley was attacked .	it was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave .
alex oxlade - chamberlain has been ruled out of the fa cup semi - final .	he is struggling to miss the remainder of the season with a groin injury .	the arsenal midfielder could miss the squad for the first - team squad .
west ham striker diafra sakho is out for the remainder of the season .	the 25 - year - old has scored 12 goals in the premier league this season .	he is set to miss the rest of the campaign against west ham .
west ham beat stoke city 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	sam allardyce says his team are not interested in the game .	the west ham had dominated early on the season .
swansea host everton in the premier league on saturday .	garry monk believes a ' strong finish ' will put a different slant on everton 's season .	everton have only removed the spectre of a europa league last year .
michu scored 22 goals in his first season at napoli .	michu scored three goals in the premier league last season .	monk has been keeping a close eye on michu during the summer .
58 - year - old italian 's departure comes six days after leeds ' assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended .	cellino , banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy .
sean dyche has told striker danny ings to keep on smiling - and the goals will return .	the hotly - rated ings , whose future beyond the end of the season has been the subject of considerable speculation , has not found the net in seven appearances .
villa beat tottenham 1 - 0 at white hart lane on saturday .	christian benteke scored the winner in the first half of the game .	tim sherwood scored the winning goal for villa in the last minute .
real madrid beat eibar 3 - 0 in the premier league on their way to the bernabeu .	cristiano ronaldo scored his first goal of the season for the first time in his first half - - with his first free - kick in the first half .	real madrid had a 3 - 1 win over eibar in the last 16 .
cristiano ronaldo 's goal - line technology is a hot topic of discussion .	cristiano ronaldo , oscar and gareth bale all out of the clash with eibar .	oscar is also touted for a move to the serie a champions .
atletico madrid beat malaga 2 - 2 by malaga in la liga clash .	fernando torres scores his first ever league own goal .	torres scores twice as atletico beat malaga 3 - 2 .
real madrid beat eibar 2 - 0 in the premier league on wednesday .	the spain international has been subjected to heavy controversy over the season .	cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career .
dentist pulled out a man 's teeth to try and cure his erectile dysfunction .	he believed the operation would help pay 20 , 000 euros ( 14 , 000 ) in compensation .	dentist said he was ' not psychotic ' and was not a ' normal ' and ' allergic to fillings ' .	the dentist - known only as k - claimed to be a ' recognised ' healer .
stuart broad had been let go between sessions in the practice game against saint kitts .	broad has backed alastair cook to score big runs during the series .	alastair cook scored a century during the practice in the caribbean .
jimmy anderson has been motivated to play 100 tests for england .	the 32 - year - old takes part in an england practice session on monday .	anderson says he wants to continue playing test cricket .
moeen ali says he is ready to take on sri lanka in the world cup .	he is set to join up with the england squad ahead of the second test .	moeen struggled with the short delivery against sri lanka and india .	moeen says he wants to play for worcestershire against england .
andrew strauss says kevin pietersen 's affair is a ' distraction ' .	pietersen says he can see no way back for the man he fell out with so badly over the messages pietersen sent to south african opponents .	pietersen has been encouraged to return to domestic game .
thierry henry hailed the display of francis coquelin in arsenal 's 1 - 0 win over burnley at turf moor .	the former gunners striker said that coquelin was his man of the match .	coquelin played a key role in aaron ramsey 's 12th - minute goal .
west ham lost 1 - 1 to west ham in the premier league on saturday .	sam allardyce 's side beat west ham 2 - 1 in their premier league clash .	the west ham manager is out of contract in west ham .
aston villa beat chelsea 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	michael owen scored his first goal of the game against chelsea .	adam , bobby zamora , wayne rooney and jermain owen scored the goals .
manchester city face manchester city in the champions league on sunday .	manchester city have lost four of their last five games this season .	the premier league champions have lost their last four premier league games .
the 28 - year - old reporter has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother - of - three gina michelle: ' i'm on tv and you're in a f - - - ing trailer , [UNK] .
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff 's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the i - 26 on monday .	when the officer asks what she is doing , she turns to him and says: ' just looking for my way out and being at peace .
officer jeffrey swett was ' smiling behind the wheel while running him down ' .	the suspect stole his car while it was running , according to a hearing in a court on friday .	swett has pleaded not guilty to murder , assault and vehicle .
the second - ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california - los angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win .	usc now finishes the season 21 - 2 while ucla is 18 - 4 .
three people have been killed in a critical condition in the critical condition .	the seven people are in a nightclub where they are in the nightclub .	three people are killed after a crush .
stephen taylor , 54 , went missing in the solent after leaving lee - on - solent in hampshire .	he failed to return home late in the evening she was in touch with his partner .
the creatures were discovered at blairgowrie pier in a few weeks ago .	some of the crabs seem to be holding chunks of food and shells in their pincers .	the full migration is expected to occur in two weeks .
jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the sec ' globe ' centre in kiev , ukraine .	his friend jamal maslow , who fell off the roof first , broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps .
gary lineker , the bbc 's bbc 's coverage of premier league , was on the bbc in the fa cup semi - final on saturday .	the bbc needs to present the match of the day 50th anniversary .
juventus beat lazio 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	carlos tevez opened the scoring for juventus after 17 minutes .	lazio were held to an unlikely goalless draw by cesena .
guy mowbray 's notes for monday night 's premier league clash between liverpool and newcastle at anfield were posted ahead of kick - off .	mowbray has worked for the bbc since 2004 and mowbray was the youngest ever television commentator .
the two - time world champion won the chinese grand prix in shanghai .	the 30 - year - old has come under fire for spraying a hostess in the face .	he was described as ' selfish and inconsiderate behaviour' .
nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move to chelsea and manchester united .	the 24 - year - old is being tracked by manchester united and chelsea .	the saints right - back has started england 's previous four games .
brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities at liverpool .	sterling was critcised by rodgers after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe alongside young team - mate jordon ibe .	however , the midfielder has once again not been fined after the liverpool boss spoke to him as well as ibe .
daryl carver is set to strip fabricio coloccini from the club this summer .	john carver wants to give the armband to daryl janmaat .	the magpies have been let down by the club in the summer .
manchester city face manchester city in the champions league on sunday .	manchester city have lost four of their last five games this season .	the premier league champions have lost their last four premier league games .
ashley young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary .	he is hoping for a three - year extension and is being touted for a return to the england set - up .
tom ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad .	derby were 1 - 0 up , 3 - 1 down and 4 - 3 behind in an amazing game .	huddersfield have three goals ruled out .
manchester city host manchester city at the end of the season .	the 25 - year - old is determined not to be forced out in the summer .	manchester city midfielder yaya toure has come in for criticism .	sam allardyce has vowed to sign west ham forward .
vincent kompany was substituted during sunday 's 4 - 2 defeat at manchester united .	vincent kompany could have been sent off for a challenge on daley blind .	he was not guaranteed to return this season .
mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton has claimed he was shot himself in the foot .	the 29 - year - old says he would not do anything differently under the race .	the british driver won the chinese grand prix in the chinese gp .	rosberg has claimed that rosberg has shot himself .
yaya toure is a former side in the premier league on loan at manchester city this summer .	he has been fundamental to city 's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions .	toure has struggled to impose his head against the club in 2010 .
gary neville believes louis van gaal 's greatest achievement as a football manager is the making of jose mourinho .	the former man united host manchester united in the premier league on saturday .	van gaal will be able to call on the services of the in - form .
two parrots were spotted in burning home in boise , idaho .	they found a pair of tropical creatures in a burning home .	they were pulled from the home and given oxygen masks .
youtube user elman511 cracks the egg , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard - sized egg inside , along with yolk and white .	the first is in the eggshell - gland portion of the oviduct - gland that becomes the shell is made .
roma fail to make the most of lazio 's defeat to league leaders juventus .	francesco totti gave roma the lead from the spot in the third minute .	atalanta were booed by its own fans , moved level with second - placed lazio .
napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the champions league alive with a comfortable victory against cagliari .	jose callejon opened the scoring for rafa benitez side with a neat one - on - one finish before antonio balzanos own - goal doubled napolis advantage .	substitute manolo gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the partenopei just minutes after coming on to put the game well .
real madrid host real madrid in la liga on saturday .	karim benzema has been ruled out of his side 's la liga game against malaga .	real are currently two points behind la liga leaders barcelona .
thousands of holidaymakers caught up in last - ditch bonuses at the peak of the backlog last year .	the passport office made a 42 million profit during the chaos , received up to 3 , 500 in bonuses .	ministers refused to give a free upgrade to the fast - track service .
eric carter and stephanie mccassin , both of manchester , were arrested on warrants thursday , four months after the child 's grandmother and primary caretaker , mary macdonald , reported finding the child in the tub , with the parents passed out on dec .	4 . overdose: eric carter , 21 , have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving him a bath in new hampshire .
the man was walking close to the edge of philadelphia 's 15 street station platform .	he falls , and bystanders jump back in shock and throws him onto the tracks .	the good samaritan pushes him up toward the platform .
qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport .	the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12 .	30pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors .
the month - old cubs were captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in the zoo .	the two jaguars have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow .
peckish goat named clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats .	footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal 's back .
footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose .	a man filming the scene is heard yelling at one point the youngster .
gareth bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of real madrids league game on saturday .	he ran half the length of the pitch to score the winner in the copa del rey final , bale broke down with a muscle pull against malaga .	he will have further tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours .
daniel steele , 25 , was arrested at his home in raleigh , north carolina , but died in the early hours of the shooting .	the 25 - year - old was rushed to hospital and charged with the murder of his girlfriend , who was six months pregnant .
the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s .	bmw says the air bag may not be recalled due to problems with the passenger detection system .	the problem is thought to affect ten per cent of the cars being recalled .
miranda has revealed he is keen on staying at atletico madrid .	the 30 - year - old has admitted he is ' proud ' to be linked with a move to manchester united .
jordan henderson and jack wilshere are the surprise names on manchester citys summer shopping list .	the struggling barclays premier league champions know they need more english players in their starting line - up goalkeeper joe hart has often been the only one this season and liverpools henderson and arsenals wilshere are deemed to be realistic targets .	city also maintain an interest in liverpools unsettled england forward raheem sterling , with 36 - year - old veteran frank lampard .
barcelona forward pedro 's decision to consider his camp nou future at the end of the season could see him end up at anfield if liverpool sell raheem sterling .	pedro would also cost considerably less than sterling understood to be available for 50million - would sell for .	barcelona , arsenal or real madrid then pedro , has been looked at before by brendan rodgers .
chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the 19 - year - old starlet .	kenedy has been linked with a number of top european clubs including manchester united and manchester united .	chelsea are the favourites to win the race for chelsea .
robin van persie has been out of serie a side in the summer .	juventus and inter milan are interested in signing radamel falcao .	manchester united are looking to bring in two premier league players .	click here for more transfer news .
mats hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united .	mats hummels is considering his future at borussia dortmund .	hummels is at the right age to make the move to england .
inter milan will offer yaya toure a five - year deal with manchester city .	roberto mancini is keen on bringing man to the club in the summer .	toure will be offered a new contract at the end of the season .	click here for more manchester city news .
manchester united were reportedly willing to miss out on a place in the champions league next season .	mats hummels has been linked with a big - money move to manchester united .	dortmund defender may consider his own future .
maxi romero has been dubbed the next lionel messi .	arsenal are interested in signing maxi romero in the coming days .	arsenal have made a big offer for maxi romero and maxi romero .
australian josh kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break , emerging bruised and beaten .	the 31 - year - old was attempting to surf the notorious ' box ' - a right hand barrel at margaret river 's main break on wednesday .
the 34 - year - old has flitted in and out of brendan rodgers side this season .	he is set to start the fa cup semi - final against aston villa on sunday .	gerrard has been missing all month after serving a three - match ban .	the liverpool striker has been out of the premier league season .
liverpool host liverpool in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .	the 38 - year - old has played in all four of villa 's fa cup matches this season .
arsenal captain mikel arteta is confident it will take just ' five minutes ' to put the finishing touches to a contract extension once he is fully fit and back in the squad .	the 33 - year - old spaniard is set to miss saturday 's fa cup semi - final against reading at wembley as he recovers from a minor ankle problem .	the gunners have moved up into the top two of the premier league with a run of eight successive victories .
sean dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation .	he says his team will not resort to diving and cheating in their game .	the clarets are currently bottom of the premier league this season .	click here for more ufc news .
angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in the fa cup back in march .	paul scholes says united needed to be consistent throughout the season and build up towards the end of the campaign and not just turn on the style when they have nothing to play for .
calum chambers has established himself as a first team in north london .	he has gone from strength to strength as a centre - half a few times .	chambers is determined to play a central role in the premier league .
liverpool beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the semi - finals of the fa cup .	liverpool beat the champions 3 - 1 - 1 at the etihad stadium on wednesday .	steven gerrard and brendan rodgers competes in the first half .
manchester united host manchester united in the premier league on saturday .	michael carrick , phil jones , cesc fabregas and cesc fabregas .	louis van gaal 's side have been forced to sell players to balance the books .
manny pacquiao offers a look at the boxer 's childhood ahead of the film 's film 's film 's manila premiere on tuesday night . '	he 's just like every one of the [UNK] .
jordan spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket .	spieth became the first player to reach 19 under par at augusta and only a bogey on the 18th prevented him from adding the 72 - hole records he set on friday and saturday .	the 21 - year - old also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods - whose 18 - under total he equalled - after a closing 70 left him .
rafa nadal beat frenchman nadal 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 in the monte carlo masters .	the 21 - year - old will face eight - time champion at monte carlo .	he will face john isner and viktor troicki in the third round .
the duo will make their debuts at the aegon championships at queen 's club this summer .	the wimbledon semi - final will join nadal , andy kyrgios , 19 - year - old australian nick kyrgios .	kyrgios will face roger federer and roger federer in last year 's debuts .
novak djokovic will face roger federer in the third round of the monte carlo in the next round .	the world number one will face andreas haider - maurer in the second round .	novak djokovic and andreas wilfried tsonga will face stan haider - lennard .
the singles champions will each receive 1 .	8m euros ( 1 .	2million ) .	the prize money is part of the four - year prize for the singles at the french open .	the grand slam will be the principal beneficiaries .
felipe massa is preparing for the bahrain grand prix in the formula one season .	he says he is performing as good as he was driving better than ever .	he is confident he has silenced his critics following storming start to the championship .
lewis hamilton says his champagne - spraying of a grid girl was ' a fun difference ' .	hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the chinese grand prix .	hamilton said he was ' just told by my employer to stand on the podium ' .	the world 's pinnacle of formula one has won a grand prix in bahrain .
lewis hamilton was a ' podium girl ' at the chinese grand prix in the motoring world .	he was pictured looking less than ' inconsiderate ' and ' selfish and inconsiderate ' .	lewis hamilton sprayed champagne in her face .
cyril abiteboul warned renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of formula one .	a few days later renault endured a chinese grand prix to forget as daniil kvyat 's red bull and the toro rosso of max verstappen both suffered a power - unit failure .
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back - to - back grand nationals when many clouds galloped to a famous victory in the aintree sunshine .	the 25 - 1 shot , who was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup , is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize and in the process ended his trainer oliver sherwoods wretched record in the race .
sportsmail 's racing correspondent marcus townend and britain 's no 1 tipster sam turner cast their eye over the 39 - strong field for the race and offer their predictions .	will ap mccoy 's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite shutthefrontdoor .
retirement beckons for mccoy , champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997 .	he will stop riding immediately if his mount shutthefrontdoor wins the 1million crabbies grand national on saturday .	ap mccoy celebrates grand national victory on dont push it in 2010 shutthefrontdoor , trained by jonjo oneill .
billy vunipola has been cited for striking saracens ' kelly brown with his head on saturday .	the incident occurred in saracens ' 22 - 6 win over leicester .	the panel will be heard by a three - man panel on tuesday .
nathan charles has spoken out about being born with his condition .	he has so far earned four international caps for the wallabies .	the 26 - year - old is in with an outside chance of playing his role in the world cup .
matt scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season .	the 25 - point - capped centre is now a doubt for septembers world cup .	scott was forced off with a head knock in 34 - 3 pro12 loss to munster .
alex hales is hoping for a ' proper crack ' at one - day international cricket with england .	the 26 - year - old has played in only five of england 's subsequent 18 matches .	alex hales has batted instead at number three on three occasions .
mustafa kamal resigned after voicing his comments in his country 's world cup quarter - final against india in the world cup last month .	the icc clarified that there will be no replacement for kamal 's resignation .
west indies beat west ballance to win the first test against west indies .	gary ballance scored 122 as england beat west indies in the second half .	ballance scored the only goal for the first time .
alastair cook 's full backing to resurrect his set - up for the summer .	the former captain alastair cook is running out of the england squad .	flintoff did not win the bat against west indies .
england declared just before tea , leaving west indies a hefty target ( 503 ) .	but the home sides lower order hung on with sulieman benn batting as high as nine and forced an unlikely draw .	the yorkshire batsman was left with a nasty bruise but was fine to carry on .
anthony davis scored 37 points and 13 rebounds as the new orleans pelicans beat the golden state warriors in the second half .	oklahoma city also beat the san antonio spurs 108 - 88 in the thunder 's 138 - 83 .
alexis sanchez 's two goals , the second via a howler from reading goalkeeper adam federici , saw the defending champions through despite garath mccleary 's goal for the royals .	ramsey told bbc one: ' we knew it was going to be a tough game , they showed great character to come back into it and we were on the ropes at times .
alan pardew has warned crystal palace that they want to sign yannick bolasie this summer .	he has excelled since pardew arrived in january and launched the club up the table .	pardew has indicated that the club 's job do not want to leave .
southampton midfielder filip djuricic has been ruled out of saturday 's barclays premier league clash with hull because of an ankle injury .	steven davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem .	jay rodriguez could be back from his long - term knee problem before the end of the season .
southampton beat southampton 1 - 0 in the premier league last year .	ronald koeman believes his side must win their last six games .	southampton have a five points in the hunt for a top - four finish .
ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month .	the 25 - year - old has been one of the standout performers for southampton .	bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at st mary's .
stoke are set to complete their third signing from barcelona in less than two years , according to the agent of moroccan winger moha el ouriachi .	the former barcelona b player is turning down a new deal with the spanish giants .	the 19 - year - old has already snapped up bojan krkic and marc muniesa from barcelona .
harry kane has been nominated for pfa player of the year after a standout season with chelsea .	pochettino says it 's a good possibility that it 's not a pre - season tour .
the 26 - year - old signed six - and - a - half - year deal with west ham last month .	reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at west ham .	the club are set to move in to in 2016 - 17 .
sam allardyce 's side face west ham in the premier league on july 1 .	sam allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the back door .	the hammers have won once in their europa league games .
celtic 's leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award .	the 24 - year - old was brought to celtic to score the hat - trick in the match .	celtic boss leigh griffiths was brought in to score goals for celtic .
leigh griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a hat - trick performance in celtics comeback premiership win over kilmarnock .	celtic came from behind to beat kilmarnock at parkhead on wednesday .	ronny deila 's side face inverness at hampden .
jurgen klopp says he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .	the 47 - year - old has been linked with several other english teams in the past , including liverpool and borussia dortmund in the last few years .	dortmund have no plans to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city .
manchester city face manchester united in the premier league on sunday .	jose mourinho says he has been treated like a ' criminal ' and ' [UNK] ' .	chelsea boss jose mourinho said he was ' [UNK] .
rangers beat rangers 1 - 1 at dumbarton on saturday .	the 18 - year - old gave rangers a half - time with a 1 - 0 win over rangers .	stuart mccall believes his side 's main promotion will drop points .
lucas has been the longest - serving player at liverpool behind captain steven gerrard .	the brazilian has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years .
shadow health secretary david cameron is accused of failing to get tough on the premier league despite a massive increase in its tv revenues during his time in power .	labour 's premier league clubs only have permission to sell their rights .
jonny howson opened the scoring for norwich in the first half of the match .	jonny howson scored his first goal in his first - half penalty in the premier league on the day of the 57th minute in the second half .
simon mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the fa cup and a top four finish .	brendan rodgers ' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place .	simon mignolet does not see any reason why they should prioritise one over the other .
bayern munich beat porto 1 - 0 in the champions league on saturday .	pep guardiola says his side can be a ' dream ' in the second leg .	bayern munich face porto in the semi - final on wednesday .
lazio beat serie a 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	lazio are unbeaten at the san siro on saturday in the opening match .	lazio face juventus in the first leg of the europa league final .
manchester city is the latest vindication for the methods of manager louis van gaal .	the dutchman spent long periods of the season under fire for the disjointed performances of his misfiring team .	convincing victories over tottenham hotspur , liverpool and city have fans believing in van gaal 's fabled philosophy .
manchester united beat manchester city 2 - 0 in their 4 - 2 win over manchester city .	united are third , eight points behind leaders chelsea and chelsea .	chris smalling scored united 's fourth goal in the season .
tottenham striker posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the arc de triomphe in paris , it is not hard to see why .	thebizarrepost on adebayor 's official instagram account emerged on sunday , just a few days after the togo international had taken to twitter to insist he was committed to fighting for his place in the spurs team .	adebayor has one year left to run on his current contract at white hart lane .
rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions currently , the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish within it with neighbors complaining about the stench , employees of the city 's waste management company have been working to clear away the dead fish .
john degenkolb , winner of the race famed for its 26 sections of bone - jarring cobbled roads , was among the riders who went through the barrier as it closed .	race organisers said it had not been possible for the leaders to stop in time .
dejan lovren will be hoping to keep his place after appearing in liverpool 's win over blackburn .	brendan rodgers , subdued and disconsolate , admitted as much in his post - match debrief .	liverpool 's first - team players will be all smiles if they can finish inside the top four and win the fa cup .
mamadou sakho was replaced by bykolo toure who is set to start against newcastle united at anfield on monday .	toure is in line to deputise once more for sakho against the newcastle united .
jordon ibe is set to sign a new long - term contract at liverpool .	the 19 - year - old has only scored four goals in his last 15 games .	brendan rodgers says ibe is on the verge of signing .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league .	manchester city 's 2 - 1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night .	louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .
sebastian vettel finished fourth at the chinese grand prix on sunday .	the 35 - year - old finished fourth in the last two races this season .	sebastian vettel has won the last three races of the last four races in the world .
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne were among the premier league stars .	the west ham striker and southampton right - back were seen at the event in london 's west end for the ' football fighting ebola ' event .
manny pacquiao decided to train on the streets of los angeles on friday .	the 36 - year - old was joined by his pet dog pacman as he continued to gear up for his may 2 encounter against the undefeated mayweather .	pacquiao recently unveiled the multicoloured mouth guard he will wear during his $300million las vegas showdown .
the 36 - year - old will use the fight with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .	pacquiao is looking to use in his money - spinning fight with pacquiao .	pacquiao decided to use the bout for the bout with floyd pacquiao .
toni duggan posted a picture of her with manchester united manager .	the 23 - year - old joined manchester united in 2013 after spending early part of her career .	duggan joined manchester city in 2013 .
danny ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the premier league .	louis van gaal is out of contract with danny ings in the summer .	manchester united are favourites to sign burnley striker danny ings .	real sociedad also interested in the striker .
manchester city beat manchester united 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	stuart pearce believes manuel pellegrini deserves more time to turn manchester city .	pearce believes city should stick with the 61 - year - old in the summer .
david villa 's new york city fc striker david villa is set to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange .	the 33 - year - old made the move at the top of the empire state building this season .	he has so far scored one goal in two appearances for new york .
west brom beat west brom 2 - 0 at selhurst park on saturday .	craig gardner scored a hat - trick for west brom in the premier league .	west brom now sit eight points clear of the relegation zone .
rafa benitez has amassed a grand total of zero league titles .	benitez famously guided liverpool to the champions league in 2005 as he enjoyed cup successes benitez remains popular at anfield .	benitez won the fa cup with liverpool in 2006 on penalties against west ham with fernando torres .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .	as his wigan side beat warrington 30 - 20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six - month ban .
falkirk booked their place in the scottish cup final with 1 - 0 win over hibernian .	the hibees were stunned in the 74th minute when falkirk midfielder craig sibbald headed in a meeting on may 30 with either inverness or celtic .
newcastle beat newcastle 2 - 0 in the premier league on monday night .	ayoze perez drives into the liverpool box on 38 minutes only to be brought down by dejan lovren .	sky sports pundit moussa sissoko hands the captain 's armband at anfield .
manchester united beat manchester city 1 - 0 at old trafford on sunday .	wayne rooney scored twice for manchester united at manchester united .	martin demichelis scored twice as manchester united 's win .
norwich are fourth in the premier league table with four games remaining .	aitor karanka 's side are seven points behind boro 's top - ranked wolves .	aitor wilson 's side have won four games in their premier league .
middlesbrough host norwich in the premier league on saturday .	karanka 's side beat norwich city 2 - 1 in their premier league clash .	alex tetteys scores a hat - trick for middlesbrough .
ben gibson , 22 , is dreaming of a return to the premier league for his uncle .	the 22 - year - old won the carling cup in 2004 and reach the final of the uefa cup in 2006 .	gibson is a lifelong boro fan .
watford beat watford 2 - 0 at the emirates stadium on tuesday night .	odion ighalo scored watford 's third goal in the closing stages .	watford were made to sweat for the three points in the second on goal .
arsenal beat huddersfield in the third round on saturday .	ryan dearnley won the chance to be a mascot for reading in fa cup semi - final against arsenal .	the 10 - year - old supporter had said he hoped the gunners beat huddersfield .
yaya toure has hinted that he is open to ' new challenges ' and will not remain at manchester city just to pick up his 220 , 000 - a - week wages .	toure , who is wanted by his former manager roberto mancini , appears open to a move away from the etihad if the right opportunity presents itself at the end of the season .
former manchester city boss sven goran eriksson says he should be winning the premier league rather than battling to stay in the top four .	he was the last manager at the club before the club was taken over by abu dhabi billionaire sheikh mansour and his family .	the former manchester united boss is the first manager of the next year .
yaya toure , eliaquim mangala , sergio aguero , marouane fellaini and sergio aguero score for manchester city .	manchester city beat manchester city 3 - 0 at old trafford on sunday .	yaya toure was one of four players in manchester derby .
paul scholes hopes ryan giggs will go on and be one of the best manager 's in the world once he has done hisapprenticeship under louis van gaal writing in his independent column , scholes said: i dont think there is a british manager .	scholes believes outgoing borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp would be a welcome addition to the premier league but does not believe he will replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city .
jurgen klopp says he has ' more right to take over the job than pellegrini ever had ' .	the 47 - year - old has been linked with a number of leading clubs around europe , including city and real madrid .	hamann believes klopp has ' no guarantees [UNK] .
watford beat birmingham 1 - 0 to put watford in the second half .	craig cathcart fired watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute .	watford beat watford 2 - 0 at norwich on friday .
gary neville has been critical of pellegrini 's side in recent weeks .	the city were humiliated by rivals united in the summer .	manchester city are not entertaining the idea of replacing pellegrini .
paris saint - germain beat psg 3 - 1 at parc des princes in the premier league on wednesday .	luis suarez scored a hat - trick in barcelona 's 3 - 0 win over psg .
roberto martinez admits he would have a difficult time trying to convince him to take it easy .	the 21 - year - old is set to return from a four - week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend .	martinez believes he would not be able to convince striker romelu lukaku back in even if he wanted to .
roberto martinez has not ruled out the prospect of antolin alcaraz or sylvain distin .	the 37 - year - old has played more for the under - 21s in the last month .	roberto martinez says they need to prove they can still be important figures in the club .
salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup in front of a 6 , 358 crowd at leigh sports village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches .	the game was dominated by the selection by leigh of former england player gareth hock .
the sport is in its infancy in the middle east , the country 's government is keen to boost the nation 's international profile .	the president of uaerl who believes it has the facilities , as well as the financial backing and infrastructure , to host the world cup . '	this is an ideal location for a world cup , ' mokdad told the national , one of uae 's main newspapers .
paul anderson is hoping to kick - start his hudderfield side 's misfiring attack to climb up super league .	the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period .	anderson says there is no hiding when facing catalans dragons , who have the league 's best defensive record .
wayne rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as manchester united beat manchester city 2 - 1 in 2011 .	united have forced their way above city in the premier league table for the first time since november 2013 , and should louis van gaals red - hot team beat their suddenly - fragile rivals on sunday afternoon .
wayne rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as manchester united beat manchester city 2 - 1 in 2011 .	united have forced their way above city in the premier league table for the first time since november 2013 , and should louis van gaals red - hot team beat their suddenly - fragile rivals on sunday afternoon .
manchester city beat manchester city 4 - 2 in their premier league clash .	yaya toure 's side are one point off third - placed cross - city rivals .	neville said the club need to get rid of ' weeds ' in the garden .
alex broady and chris woakes have called for some rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened in australia and new zealand .	alex hales and jimmy woakes , two foot soldiers in the world cup fiasco , dumped out of the group stages .
alastair cook 's agent says he is ' running out of time ' to resurrect his career .	flintoff is optimistic about england 's ' fortunes ' of england 's england career .	england have won their last three test against australia in the last 16 of the season .	click here for australia .
andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show his love for the natwest twenty20 blast - and under - pressure test captain alastair cook .	the all - rounder wants to spread the love too for a tournament .
vaughan is currently in the director of england cricket and for captain .	vaughan is seeking more clarity over the role in the premier league .	the former england captain has struggled with the bat over the last year .
defender mehdi benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury .	guardiola spoke after defender mehdi benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury .	wingers arjen robben and franck ribery and midfielders bastian schweinsteiger , david alaba and javi martinez are also sidelined .
bayern munich will face bayern munich in the first leg of the next leg .	bayern are 10 points clear at the top of bayern 's 1 - 0 win against borussia dortmund .	bastian schweinsteiger and franck ribery were injured in the last - leg .
manchester city are planning to make a mega - bid for raheem sterling .	the reigning champions league champions are interested in the transfer window .	the club plan to table a race to land the transfer .
manchester united beat manchester city 3 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	van gaal is able to call on the services of in - form midfielder juan mata .	the red devils are looking to make it seventh heaven in midfield .
manchester city beat manchester city 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 at old trafford .	louis van gaal 's side lost 1 - 0 to old trafford in the premier league .	manchester united and manchester united are in the top of the table .
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united 's rise up the table .	manuel pellegrini has also singled out united 's dutch defender daley blind .	city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions .
anderson will earn his 100th test cap on monday when england take on the west indies at the antiguan ground that bears richards ' name .	four wickets in the game would take him past botham 's national record of 383 test wickets , making anderson the most prolific english bowler in history .
england quick james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday .	anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker michael brown burnley cc team - mate .
alastair cook 's first test of his career is a new director of cricket .	cook knows that he has been working on his links to the job .	cook has returned to the next three - day appearance in the summer .
england beat australia 3 - 0 in the premier league on monday .	the 34 - year - old was given a lifeline for 15 months .	pietersen said he wants the best players playing for england .	england meet west indies in antigua in august .
the australian blew his side 's chances of beating arsenal in the fa cup semi - final .	the australian goalkeeper shot into his own net in extra - time .	reading manager steve clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper .
liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2 - 1 defeat by aston villa .	liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2 - 1 defeat by aston villa .	liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2 - 1 defeat by aston villa .
shrewsbury beat morecambe 1 - 0 at afc wimbledon .	lucas akins scored both goals in 2 - 1 win at morecambe .	burton secured promotion to league one after a win over morecambe .
obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht .	the 19 - year - old is the reason the scouts from england and germany .	oulare is the son of former guinea international .
ashley shupe , eight , is demanding $300 , 000 for her eight - year - old son .	she claims her son kaiden tried to choke himself and throw himself from a height .	she says her son would rather commit suicide than face his bullies .
music streaming service spotify has analysed over 2 .	8 times .	the 22 - year - old is the top song that people fall asleep to as well as scooping the global list .
david kassick kassick , 36 , was shot in the back of a gun in dauphin county , dauphin county .	he was shot by a man in self - defense because she thought she was shot .	he is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of david mearkle mearkle .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee .	as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays , footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant 's face .
liverpool beat manchester united 2 - 0 at the britannia stadium on sunday .	steven gerrard is set to play his final game against manchester city .	gerrard slipped up in the bottom half of the premier league 's final game .
michael fyson , 77 , has grown his own fruit and veg for more than 10 years .	gardeners say the soil at their new site is so poor they can't grow a bean - and that the new plots ' drainage is flooded .
india 's sachin tendulkar is among several india stars to have their condolences .	he was only playing as a substitute in a senior one - day match in kolkata .	he died in hospital on monday after suffering cardiac arrest .
manchester city beat west ham 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	angel di maria , eden hazard and eden hazard among stars in the city centre .	united 's no 2 goalkeeper victor valdes was ruled out of the game .
doncaster rovers beat fleetwood 4 - 1 at stamford bridge on saturday .	doncaster 's visit comes after the match highlights of 0 - 0 draw at the club .	the yorkshire side were eyeing the match .
striker jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t - shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs .	the 73rd minute substitute for non - league clitheroe fc , in lancashire , today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to wayne rooney on twitter for advice .
mohammad shatnawi 's amazing own goal mohammed shatnawi bizarrely scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head at the weekend .	his team were 1 - 0 down against al whidat in the amman derby when their opponents pushed forward , looking to double their lead .
ryan moore and trained by sir michael stoute , finished third to richard hannons desert force in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap .	it was the queens hannon - trained two - year - old ring of truth who looked the one who got away .	the 7 - 1 shot , making her debut in the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes .
messi has scored a hat - trick for barcelona in the first leg of the season .	the 96 - year - old scored against sevilla on saturday .	the barcelona star has scored against real madrid on wednesday .	click here for all the barcelona news .
manchester united host manchester city in the premier league on tuesday .	david de gea and victor valdes made the most of the rare english sun .	it has been a rollercoaster season for manchester united .
christian eriksen may not have found the net since january .	eriksen was spotted kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist in central london .	spurs now sit seventh in the premier league table , seven points off the spurs .
arsenal beat arsenal 1 - 0 at the emirates stadium in the premier league on saturday .	jack wilshere was joined by other players including serge gnabry and long - term absentee abou diaby .	abou diaby scored the eventual winner with a header in the opening minutes .
christy mack , 23 , claims koppenhaver cut off her hair with a blunt knife .	mack was in hospital fighting for her life in a one - year relationship .	she has been left with broken bones and a fractured rib , a ruptured liver , and a ruptured hair .	she is now on the road to recovery .
chris robshaw and camilla kerslake caught on camera on holiday in barbados .	chris robshaw , camilla kerslake , has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio .	the england captain said he is braced for further scrutiny .
david alaba has given bayern munich some good news after posting a video on his instagram of the cast being removed following his recent knee ligament damage .	the austrian hasn't had much luck in terms of injuries but is clearly delighted he can now step - up his recovery .
fabio borini made the most of the ' warm weather ' at delamere forest park on tuesday night .	it was a second - half substitute in liverpool 's 2 - 0 win against newcastle on tuesday .
armed men killed eight people in a raid on a sao paulo football fan club on saturday night .	they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head .	an eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died .
serafim todorov is the last man to beat floyd mayweather in the 1996 olympic games in atlanta .	the 45 - year - old is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .
manchester city beat manchester united 4 - 2 in the premier league on sunday .	sergio aguero scored the first of his two goals in 158 appearances .	manuel pellegrini has signed a new five - year deal with manchester city .
briony ingerson has been widely criticised for the photograph of herself and a friend in blackface make - up .	the photo was posted on network ten and involved more than a dozen people in the south africa 's kruger national park .	the fox sports spokeswoman said it was unacceptable .
the bird , which has a five - foot wingspan , swooped on the mouse with its prey .	the bird 's eye view of the bird is swooped on a tiny bird 's prey .	it is a deadly predator , which is a great grey owl from the prey .
celtic beat falkirk 3 - 2 at hampden park in the 55th minute .	the 30 - year - old was sent off for a second - minute victory over celtic .	raven , who has only managed a handful of goals in his career .
masked gunman fired eight shots in a shopping mall in sydney 's west hours .	a nsw police spokeswoman said an arrest is yet to be made .	shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident .
the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks .	the photos come from the iraqi province of nineveh , where isis have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites .
sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000 .	his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive again , according to espn .
the 31 - year - old , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on love - or ' requirements' ' .	wanted!!!!! , 31 , and wanted!!!!!	girlfriend/wife , must love cars , phone and bikes .
evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona , about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles .	by midday , fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire , which had grown to 1 .	5 square miles .
jacqueline carr , 65 , was killed when a tree smashed her vehicle wcpo reports the woman was later identified as jacqueline carr , age 65 .	leonard washington of price hill tells the newspaper he saw the woman driving moments before the tree fell .
kalimah dixon said she was ' awakened by a fire early on monday morning ' .	she is asking for assistance for help to get her family back on their feet .	the mother of six said: ' my children are homeless .	they have nothing , ' she said .
pascal cooper , emma stone , bradley stone , rachel pascal , jenner , rachel crowe , crowe , and bradley cooper , were fan of crowe 's upcoming film aloha , which stars emma stone and bradley crowe .	it was revealed in previous leaked email .
jerald christopher ' jc ' jackson , 19 , was arrested on saturday after a robbery at a florida apartment in florida .	police said they took two video game consoles , marijuana and $382 from the apartment 's three residents .	the former - four - man recruit was booked into the alachua county jail on saturday .
rihanna posted on instagram and quickly deleted , show the 27 - year - old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her .	after the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds .
villagers in ansai , central china , say they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well .	they were able to set it on fire because it was so polluted it could be set on fire local officials .
hazel the bulldog is featured in a front room , which sits on its side .	the video falls onto the floor and jumping onto the basket .	the dog staring at the basket falls onto its side and lands inside the floor .
denis cuspert , 39 , dubbed the ' goebbels of isis' , sings about planning attacks in britain , germany and france .	the 39 - year - old is filled with horrific footage of prisoners being beheaded .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk in monday 's final in nyon , switzerland .	the 16 - year - old was part of the chelsea under 19 team that won the uefa youth league by beating shakhtar donetsk .	wright also tipped dasilva 's team - mates tammy abraham and charlie colkett to enjoy bright futures .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 4 - 0 in the premier league on the day .	izzy brown scored the only goal of the game in the final on sunday .	chelsea beat roma 4 - 1 in the semi - final on friday .
aston villa host aston villa in the fa cup final on saturday .	christian benteke , fabian delph and jack grealish among the stars .	the 19 - year - old made it 2 - 1 .
bayern munich doctor hans - wilhelm muller - wohlfahrt quit this week .	lahm 's tackle on a team - mate at bayern munich 's training ground on the outskirts of the city appeared innocuous enough , until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble .	as players milled round him , and a physio inspected the damage .
hans - wilhelm muller - wohlfahrt has worked with the likes of ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt .	the 750 , 000 who are expected to pack the 26 .	2 - mile course from londons blackheath to pall mall will not witness a radcliffe of 2003 vintage .
randy lerner was tipped to make a deal with aston villa owner randy lerner .	the 53 - year - old had been tipped to appear in wembley on sunday .	aston villa boss randy lerner has been publicly trying to sell the club .
jose mourinho is planning a move to atletico madrid midfielder koke .	the 23 - year - old signed a long - term deal with diego simeone 's side only last year .	chelsea boss jose mourinho wants to sign filipe luis from the club .
wba super - middleweight champion paul smith lost his two challenges to arthur abraham in germany in 2011 .	the wbc super - middle champion paul ward , paul smith and paul smith are in pole position for a wbc world middleweight title .
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brooks ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30 .	talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised , it is likely that the fight will happen .	sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as friday .	gavin is the only englishman to have won a world amateur title .
mauro icardi is a target for inter milan against verona at the weekend .	mauro icardi has been on loan from inter milan and inter milan .	inter milan are interested in inter milan striker mauro icardi .	click here for more manchester united news .
zinedine zidane has scored six times in the premier league this season .	real madrid are interested in raheem sterling and raheem sterling .	the european champions are keen on signing the champions league .
flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his albert park dream home in may last year .	mr harris , who definitely knows how to strike a favourable deal , accepted the hefty offer for his four - bedroom home from a couple at auction on saturday .
gareth bale is a huge doubt for real madrid 's champions league quarter - final second leg against atletico madrid with a calf injury .	the welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before real 's 3 - 1 home win over malaga .
manchester city beat manchester city 3 - 0 in the fa youth cup on monday .	jason wilcox wants to emulate manchester united 's famous class of ' 92 .	wilcox believes city 's new etihad campus will be very difficult .
striker jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t - shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs .	the 73rd minute substitute for non - league clitheroe fc , in lancashire , today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to wayne rooney on twitter for advice .
real sociedad beat real sociedad 1 - 0 in la liga on monday night .	barcelona are top of the league on 78 points clear of the relegation zone .	david moyes is challenged for the defeat against real madrid .
nottingham forest will make a renewed move for the 25 - year - old striker jordan rhodes .	forest manager dougie freedman failed to make a bid to sign the striker .	the offer of straight cash can tempt rovers into parting with rhodes .
korkut korkut has been sacked by hannover after a 4 - 0 defeat to bayer leverkusen .	the 51 - year - old frontzek worked as an assistant at hannover from 2004 to 2005 .	korkut 's departure follows a run of 13 games without a win .
lukas podolski has yet to score since arriving in north london .	the 29 - year - old is currently on loan at inter milan in january .	podolski says he wants to play for parent club arsenal in london .
crawford won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title with a sixth - round fight in the sixth round .	crawford was a two - time wbo world champion and won the title in his first fight in class .	the 27 - year - old was knocked out by luis carlos abregu in the 135 - pound fight .
lucas matthysse won a majority decision against ruslan provodnikov in a 12 - round super lightweight bout .	matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut .	he continued to use his three - inch reach advantage to keep provodnikov .
luis barroso was handed a unanimous points decision over tony luis .	luis was forced to pull out of a fight due to illness to be striped .	mathews was given a unanimous decision .
floyd mayweather will go head - to - head with manny mayweather in the gym .	the 38 - year - old is expected to pose for a picture with manny pacquiao .	mayweather will return to the fight at the mgm .
paddy barnes and michael barnes have covered a distance of over 34 , 000 miles over the course of the olympic games in rio de janeiro .	barnes and conlan potentially both one win away from qualifying for next summer games .
nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medalist in rio .	adams is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 win .	the 32 - year - old will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance .
jordan spieth 's four - shot win over justin rose and jordan spieth .	the 21 - year - old equalled tiger woods ' 72 - hole record set by tiger woods in 1997 .	jordan spieth and ben nicklaus also paid tribute to rory mcilroy .	spieth won the masters in the world rankings .
the 24 - year - old won the first major of his career with a four - shot victory .	he was forced to defend himself after his record - breaking win in the masters .
the 28 - year - old knocked roger federer out of the monte carlo masters 6 - 4 , 7 - 6 in a thrilling last - 16 encounter .	monfils displayed the breathtaking athleticism that can make andy murray seem conventional .
roger federer beat jeremy chardy 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 in the monte carlo derby .	the match was federer 's first since his loss in the indian wells final in march .
lewis hamilton has said he will do his talking ' on the track ' .	the mercedes team - mates left shanghai after the chinese grand prix .	the bahrain grand prix arguing over the rights and the race .
former england captain was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number ' 3' , with his wife , zara phillips , scampering in hot pursuit .	tindall was beaming from ear - to - ear having just seen monbeg dude , the horse whom he owns with james simpson - daniel and nicky robinson .
billy vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting the billy vunipola .	saracens are currently bottom of the table after a clash at the end of the season .	the england no 8 had been banned from the ground .
billy vunipola was caught on monday night in france on monday .	the 22 - year - old is expected to face an deal with a new deal in february .	toulon are plotting a move for australia fly - back quade cooper .
james anderson broke the record in the first test in antigua on friday .	the 32 - year - old said he had no intention of setting himself targets in terms of tests played or wickets for england .	anderson said he is still improving as a bowler .
the 34 - year - old believes kevin pietersen could play in this summer 's ashes test series .	pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth test in the summer .	australia captain michael clarke believes pietersen could represent his country again .	pietersen believes he could play at the ashes .
mcc has announced plans to build a single new structure in their place .	mcc aims to replace the ' masterplan ' redevelopment of lord 's as the ' tired ' tavern and allen stands at the home of cricket .	the south - western corner of mcc is operating to the world cup and ashes .
o'connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year .	the 19 - year - old won 100m freestyle gold at the university of bath .	o'connor won gold in the men 's world championships qualification .
68 - year - old handed in his resignation at loftus road in february , citing knee problems behind the decision to leave the barclays premier league strugglers , although he later claimed ' people with their own agendas ' .	redknapp will return to the dugout on sunday , may 31 when he leads a star - studded men united xi against leyton orient legends , as o 's youth coach and prostate cancer uk ambassador errol mckellar .
mauricio pochettino 's side face newcastle on sunday .	mauricio pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott by newcastle fans .	christian benteke scored the winner for aston villa at st james ' park .	spurs boss mauricio pochettino will come up against newcastle united .
celtic boss leads his side into a scottish cup semi - final with inverness at hampden on sunday with a 12 .	15 kick - off .	deila says the balance of power in the relationship is all wrong .	ronny deila will take his celtic side to hampden park for the scottish cup semi - final on sunday .
karim benzema will miss real madrid 's first leg against atletico madrid .	the madrid - based newspaper reports that ancelotti is ' hesitating ' .	barcelona boss carlo ancelotti says he is ' [UNK] ' in the premier league .
charlie austin is being considered for a surprise england call up for the national teams summer fixtures after scoring 17 goals for relegation - threatened qpr .	austin is in contention because harry kane , who scored on his debut against lithuania last month and made his first start against italy in turin , will be with gareth southgates under - 21 team .	the qpr striker will continue to be monitored by england head coach roy hodgson and assistant ray lewington .
the 28 - year - old is well course to winning 100 caps for her country .	manchester city defender bronze is the current holder of the women 's pfa players ' player of the year award following her standout performances during the 2013 - 14 womens super league .
toni duggan posted a picture of her with manchester united manager .	the 23 - year - old joined manchester united in 2013 after spending early part of her career .	duggan joined manchester city in 2013 .
celtic 's treble dream died on sunday with striker leigh griffiths pointing the finger of blame squarely at the officials after his side 's shock scottish cup semi - final defeat by inverness .	a blatant josh meekings handball in the box was missed by referee steven mclean and his team , particularly assistant alan muir , at the end of the first half with the parkhead club left to rue the decision not to award a penalty and dispense a red card .
celtic beat celtic 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday night .	josh meekings scored a hat - trick as celtic won 2 - 0 win over celtic .	john hughes says it was a ' turning point ' to the celtic team .
steve burton will be promoted with a win at morecambe if they fail to win at home to brighton .	bristol city boss steve cotterill will get his hands on the play - off places with victory against huddersfield .	shrewsbury will be relegated if they win at afc wimbledon .
arsenal host top - four rivals liverpool in the premier league on saturday .	arsene wenger has a heart - to - heart chat with walcottahead of the month award .	arsenal boss arsene wenger will have a word alone with german defender .
southampton boss ronald koeman wants to stay at the club this summer .	the southampton boss wants clyne will be ' difficult ' to keep the club .	saints are hoping to qualify for the premier league .
morgan schneiderlin , yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are wanted men as champions league heavyweights like arsenal and manchester united circle like vultures .	sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a step up this summer .	spurs boss mauricio pochettino worked with him at st mary's .
nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move away from the south coast .	nathaniel clyne admits he wants to play champions league football .	clyne has courted interest from the old trafford club .
yeovil beat sheffield united 2 - 0 in the premier league on wednesday night .	jermaine philliskirk scored his 10th goal of the season in his last .	jermaine beckford scored his 1 - 0 win over fleetwood .
aaron cresswell has made 21 appearances in the premier league this season .	he has been linked with aston villa and aston villa on the list of the year 's premier league 's season .
tottenham hotspur midfielder ryan mason 's tattoo became popular online .	the 23 - year - old was celebrating tottenham hotspur team - mate andros townsend 's equalising goal for england against italy when a tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide .	twitter user @danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old .
jose mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third premier league title during two spells with chelsea .	the portuguese defender expects mourinho to stay at chelsea for a long , long time he said: ' when you are at this club you want to win titles and for next season it will be the same .
cellino says he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of saturday 's match against leeds .	the leeds united club said the players had gone ' on strike' ' .	the italian insists he has nothing to come to the events .
manchester city have been linked with a 12m move to manchester united .	sterling has been one of liverpool 's leading lights in the premier league .	he has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .	sterling is wanted by manchester city .
danny rose has been linked with a move to manchester city in the premier league on loan at manchester city .	the club 's then - football administrator brian kidd was sacked in 2013 and nearly two years on , marwood and txiki begiristain .
the 24 - year - old has been signed up to a five - year deal with manchester city .	danny rose has attracted interest from manchester city after a poor season .	tottenham are interested in signing danny rose .
liverpool beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the semi - finals of the fa cup .	liverpool beat the champions 3 - 1 - 1 at the etihad stadium on wednesday .	steven gerrard and brendan rodgers competes in the first half .
arsenal beat arsenal 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final on saturday .	wojciech federici says the goalkeeper was ' the best player ' on the pitch .	federici says he was ' best player on the line ' for the goalkeeper .
wojciech szczesny has found himself demoted to the substitutes ' bench .	seaman has every faith in the arsenal squad for the first time since the new season .	david ospina has scored four goals in the premier league .
malky mackay was appointed manager of wigan in november 2014 .	mackay was being investigated over ' sexist , racism and homophobic ' texts .	whelan was punished by the fa for his comments about the club .
trotting into aintree in aintree , aintree , may have been out of the grounds of the bridal party and the ladies of aintree .	the mid - gentlemen 's gentlemen 's ladies ' day opted for outfits .
tony mccoy is guaranteed a great send - off at aintree this week .	the 40 - year - old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement .	mccoy is riding in his 20th grand national and aintree on grand national .
psg travel to paris for the first leg in champions league quarter - final .	the second leg will be held at the nou camp on april 21 .	laurent blanc has described messi as ' unstoppable ' as his side .
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo could play for ' team south ' - comprised of stars from la liga , serie a and ligue 1 - against a similar ' north ' dream team from the premier league .	mundo deportivo report that a marketing company has approached uefa and proposed the annual fixture , which is inspired by the nba all - star game between the western and eastern conferences .
lionel messi says he is keen to ' get back to his best ' for his ' best ' .	he says he wants to ' happy again ' after a ' disappointing ' 2015 form .	messi has been linked with his team - mates luis suarez and cristiano ronaldo .
aston villa owner randy lerner will attend their fa cup semi - final against liverpool at wembley on sunday .	randy lerner is hoping to make a nine - year ownership of the club in new york .
christian benteke scores a hat - trick in 3 - 3 win over tottenham hotspur .	christian benteke has scored six goals in eight games in the premier league .	aston villa beat tottenham 2 - 0 in their premier league clash on saturday .
villa drew 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday afternoon .	tim sherwood scored the winning goal in the first round of the season .	aston villa drew 2 - 1 at the emirates on saturday .	click here for all the latest tottenham news .
manchester city players celebrate raheem sterling 's opening goal against newcastle .	manchester city lead liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games .	the stakes are astonishing , but only because the champions league is an extremely big deal and they are currently in a pursuit for that last spot .
tottenham beat nottingham forest in the fa cup semi - final .	paul gascoigne was just one of the all - time great goals for england .	spurs beat tottenham hotspur 2 - 1 in the final .
harry redknapp appeared on sky sports ' show the fantasy football club with paul merson .	redknapp claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by arsenal fans as he left the emirates stadium after the gunners ' 4 - 1 win over liverpool .
bayern munich beat porto 3 - 0 in the champions league on the day of the semi - final at the weekend .	thomas muller says his team are stronger for their recent injury problems .	the bayern munich striker is the first team to play porto in the bundesliga .
manchester united midfielder michael carrick has revealed he wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over .	carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as louis van gaal 's side put their stuttering start to the season behind them and carved out a place in the champions league places .
jack wilshere moved a step closer to recovery from the serious ankle injury .	the england midfielder came through the 4 - 1 win over stoke city .	he was joined by mikel arteta and abou diaby , recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively .
alexis sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions this summer .	the gunners are second in the premier league table following an eight - match win over liverpool in the fa cup semi - finals of the season .	frank mclintock is the only current player good enough to win arsenal 's season .
arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted arsenal 's impressive run of results aaron ramsey 's goal against burnley .	arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions and wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury - free squad .
arsenal midfielder impressed for the gunners last season .	the 19 - year - old has not played for the first team since the season .	his progress has been stunted by a ' serious knee injury ' .	the arsenal midfielder has played for arsenal since march .
david ' flats ' flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup .	the world cup is going to get in the oval - ball act .	flats talks with sportsmail 's jonny singer in twickenham .
tomas corbisiero is a young man in the aviva premiership on his way to the world cup .	the 22 - year - old is yet to make a late move for the youngster .
irish scored three tries through alex lewington ( two ) and andrew fenby with chris noakes adding two penalties and two conversions .	prop , richard palframan , made his first premiership start the hosts with jebb sinclair recalled in the back row .	scott steele was a late withdrawal after failing a fitness test with darren allinson coming in at scrum half .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract offer .	the 20 - year - old has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs .	sterling will be hoping to help liverpool to the end of the season .
newcastle beat manchester united 1 - 0 in the fa cup quarter - final .	brendan rodgers ' side have slipped to seven points clear of the champions league .	john carver says his players need to relieve the pressure of their shoulders with a win against liverpool .
jordan ibe damaged his knee ligaments in a europa league clash .	the 19 - year - old spent the first half of the season on loan at derby county .	ibe has been sidelined for the last two games in the summer .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract offer , although he insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess his options at the end of the season .	the 20 - year - old was one of four players at the anfield launch of next season 's new balance kit in front of over 1 , 000 fans .
zinedine zidane has ruled out the notion of the club selling gareth bale to manchester united this summer .	bale has endured a difficult second season at real - with fans attacking his car after their el clasico loss at barcelona last month just the tip of the iceberg .	real madrid buy the best players in the world .
porto have nothing to prove coming into their champions league clash against bayern munich in the champions league .	porto were clinical in their last champions league quarter - final first leg .	porto come into the match on wednesday night .
barcelona beat barcelona 2 - 1 in the premier league on wednesday .	luis enrique 's side face barcelona at the parc des princes in the champions league .	jose mourinho , pep guardiola and emmanuel adebayor all went on to the barcelona side .
philippe coutinho starred for liverpool in the 2 - 0 win against newcastle on monday night .	liverpool sold suarez to barcelona for 75million during the summer .	luis suarez was liverpool 's go - to guy in the premier league on monday .
mario balotelli is set to leave the club at the end of the season .	he has lost his desire for football and needs to go to sampdoria on the loan .	liverpool have been willing to sign him for a 16m transfer .
wayne rooney believes manchester united team - mate marouane fellaini is a ' best in world football ' in the premier league .	wayne rooney has revealed his admiration for the former everton striker .	the former manchester united star has been on loan at manchester city and manchester city .	the belgian has emerged as one of the best in the barclays premier league after six league .
united face united in the premier league on saturday in united 's premier league .	jose mourinho says jose mourinho will be drawing up a ' special ' plan to stop him .	carragher says he will bring kurt zouma into his midfield to neutralise fellaini .
mick mccarthy hailed the ' belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' .	despite wolves bouncing back to take a point through benik afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a richard stearman own goal had given ipswich a first - half lead , town 's play - off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining .
manchester united , liverpool and leeds united are in london this weekend .	manchester united and leeds are at the etihad stadium on saturday .	british transport police have drafted in 400 extra officers in the city .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini says he has the most difficult job in football .	manchester city face manchester city in the premier league on sunday .	manuel pellegrini believes the pressure of going for back - to - back titles .
leicester face west brom in the premier league on saturday at the end of the season .	nigel pearson 's side have to face manchester city in the first time since the weekend .	burnley boss nigel pearson is not taking anything from the race .
bolton will offer new contracts to emile heskey , lennon and adam lennon .	emile heskey and neil lennon joined on short - term deals in december .	eidur gudjohnsen , 36 , and adam bogdan , 27 , and eidur gudjohnsen .
paul mcgowan is available for selection at the end of the season .	paul hartley says he will not play in any of the team 's remaining six games this season .	hartley is available under a restriction of drug testing .
sean bowen maintained his three - winner lead ( 45 - 42 ) over cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in the fiercely contested conditional jockeys title race when both had one success on monday .	bowen scored on abidjan at newton abbot while de boinville victorious on one lucky lady at kempton .	us trainer wesley ward is to aim hootenanny and sunset glow at royal ascot .
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the red devils .	the new york city have won just one of their seven games .	asprilla scored twice in the 42nd minute of the box .
clinton n'jie handed the hosts the lead midway through the first half before lindsay rose saw red for hubert fournier 's high flyers and max gradel converted from the spot to level matters .	romain hamouma put st - etienne ahead on the brink of half - time but the home side pressed for a result and christophe jallet equalised to clinch a point that sends his side to the summit .
randy lerner was tipped to make a deal with aston villa owner randy lerner .	the 53 - year - old had been tipped to appear in wembley on sunday .	aston villa boss randy lerner has been publicly trying to sell the club .
the two suspects were arrested after the attack on saturday .	one of them is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fires shots with a rifle at the bus .	the damage to the team bus and a hole in the steering wheel .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather jnr on may 2 .	the 36 - year - old was joined by an abundance of fans as he trains with his team ahead of the mega - fight .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach .	the pair will finally go head - to - head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand .	manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account floyd mayweather .
ronnie o'sullivanwill tackle a crucible debutant in the first round of the betfred world championship which starts in sheffield on saturday .	the five - time winner will face manchesters craig steadman , who at 32 is set for his bow .
45 - year - old former world champion ken doherty is on the brink of exiting the world championships in the final qualifying round .	doherty is the first session of the first crucible tournament in 1997 .	the world champion is the third world champion in 2013 .
the 39 - year - old has won the world championship title .	the world no 2 says he 's waiting for his opponent to dinner or not .	o'sullivan 's mate , ronnie o'sullivan and ronnie o'sullivan are also in contention .
manchester city beat manchester united 4 - 2 at old trafford in the premier league .	manchester united beat sunderland 3 - 2 in their premier league clash .	manuel pellegrini 's side beat sunderland 2 - 1 in the derby on sunday .	manchester city were knocked out in the second half .
joe hart was disappointed with his side 's display at old trafford .	the 27 - year - old has even given up on knocking arsenal out of second place .	manuel pellegrini 's side are four points behind leaders .
manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league this season .	louis van gaal 's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game .	chelsea , manchester united , juan mata and van gaal are seven points .	manchester united 's humiliation of their premier league leaders chelsea .
eathan cruse , 19 , was arrested after raids on saturday morning .	the 19 - year - old was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained .	his father also said he was attacked by police during the raid .
the beast can be seen just under the water , with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface .	homeowners say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back .
the up - and - comer , mariam seddiq , was charged with the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces .	those who were lucky enough to drag their eyes away from the polarising and dangerous accessories .
jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child .	the 32 - year - old says she is four months pregnant with her second world champion .	pittman has been congratulated by the official australian olympic team .
louis van gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on sunday .	duggan uploaded a photograph on instagram of her , christiansen and everton 's michelle hinnigan at wing 's chinese restaurant following united 's 4 - 2 winagainst their great rivals city .	her apology read: ' i would like to apologise to all mcfc fans for the error of judgement i made last night .
andy lee arrived in new york on a crest of a wave .	the 30 - year - old is hoping to make his first defence of the wbo middleweight title .	lee was hoping to win against matt kyrgios in the fight .
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight .	the 24 - year - old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10 , 000 packed in the first direct arena on saturday night .	warrington failed to deliver the stoppage time .
frampton has called on the matchroom chief to make him a ' publicity stunt ' .	belfast 's ibf super - bantamweight world champion has dismissed a fight .	frampton has branded the ' biggest stunt ' for the ' publicity stunt' .
hibs boss alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston 's recent post - match comments however you choose to interpret everything stubbs said both on saturday *and* after reading houstons sharp response , a lot of people will be watching their next meeting falkirk host hibs .
verona substitute mounir obbadi scored from close range after alessandro diamanti had missed a second - half penalty for the home side .	whistles greeted the end of the match and coach vincenzo montella had no complaints as his side paid dearly for failing to turn their domination into goals .
speedy stock of lilly pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early sunday morning .	within 24 hours , pieces from diffusion line have popped up on ebay .	speedy re - sellers shouldn't be able to see same original low prices .
the shop is set to open in islam 's holiest city , mecca , in saudi arabia .	it is being led by the owner of am existing dutch sex shop called el asira .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 3 - 1 in champions league last 16 .	atletico madrid and real madrid are in the last eight of the champions league quarter - final second leg of the semi - final .
the university of connecticut baseball team has taken on its newest member: 5 - year - old grayson hand of sturbridge , massachusetts .	hand , who is battling leukemia , joins the huskies with the help of team impact , an organization that matches children with life - threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams .	the announcement was made with father nate and mother lauren at his side .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe - tapping pop song , classic by mkto .	video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on .	the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat .
the 45 - year - old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo - playing skills .	it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon .
the 53 - year - old woman has been trying to speak to some of the south gate police officers in south gate on sunday .	the incident took place as officers were responding to a report of the unnamed woman in the video .
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst .	footage shows a longboarder crashing downhill at high speed .
fc united beat manchester united 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	fc united are now two points from the club 's fourth promotion of their short history .	the club will move to a new 5 , 000 capacity stadium of their own .
mk dons free - kick against swindon in a 5 - 3 win against swindon .	united are looking to bring trials to mk dons in the premier league .	tingey and wiltshire are also interested in united 's squad .
real madrid beat real madrid 2 - 1 in the first leg of the champions league .	diego simeone is hoping to win atletico madrid in the world cup final .	simeone is set to play for the first world cup match against the champions .
gianluigi buffon makes his debut in serie a for the best part of the champions league .	iker casillas is the best italian player of the world 's last 30 years .	roberto baggio scored 27 goals in the premier league .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 1 in champions league final on saturday .	real madrid beat atletico madrid 1 - 0 in copa del rey last season .	diego simeone 's side have failed to win any of their last 16 .
real madrid coach steve mcclaren is keen to replace steve mcclaren .	steve mcclaren 's future will be searching for the premier league .	clement is a leading candidate to replace mcclaren 's job .
joe gomez is one of the most wanted young players in the country .	joe gomez , 17 , signed a three - year contract at charlton in november last year .	he is wanted by manchester city , manchester city and arsenal .
sir alex ferguson said he would be a ' great coach ' at manchester united .	ryan giggs told him he would make a great coach one day during his time at old trafford .	former manchester united defender patrice evra says he will be a coaching .
bobby moore died from bowel and liver cancer on february 4 , 1993 .	fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer in support of the bobby moore fund .	the official pfa account on twitter showed off paul .
martina hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on saturday .	hingis won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18 .	the 34 - year - old was ranked no 1 in the world for 209 weeks .
famous trophy was on display at alton towers theme park in staffordshire .	the current trophy was treated to a series of dips and loops ahead of the fa cup semi - final .	the furthest the royals have reached in the competition is the last four .
wellington silva signed for arsenal in january 2011 from fluminese for a fee of 3 .	5million . he has been awarded spanish nationality , complete with a picture of his passport .	the 22 - year - old initially impressed arsenal on trial in 2008 , scoring four times .	he will provide another versatile attacking option to wenger 's team .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 in la liga on tuesday night .	mario mandzukic has scored in the first leg against real madrid .	diego simeone 's side face real madrid in their first leg on tuesday .
real madrid beat real madrid in the quarter - finals of the champions league .	fernando hierro believes real madrid are confident that real madrid can win a real madrid champions league for a second successive year .	carlo ancelotti 's side face atletico madrid in a quarter - final last year 's real madrid .
the 22 - year - old has scored twice for the south london outfit as the eagles sit in 11th place in the premier league .	wilfried zaha has been in fine form for the eagles since making his move to selhurst park .
javier hernandez is on loan at man united on loan from manchester united .	the 26 - year - old has scored a goal in his last two appearances for the club .	hernandez is set to start up front for carlo ancelotti 's side .
borussia dortmund coach jurgen klopp does not expect any particular reaction from his players or the fans to his announcement that he will be leaving the club in the summer .	klopp revealed his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday after seven years .	klopp has already been linked with a number of leading clubs around europe .
the 47 - year - old says his side must make plans for the future before it is too late' .	sammer believes the club can play until they are 45 .	sammer says the club must bounce back from their home .
the 23 - year - old defender ivan novoseltsev popped the question after his side 's 1 - 0 win against torpedo moscow on monday night .	fc rostov 's players also had plenty to celebrate after their fourth win in a row moved them further away from relegation trouble and into 10th place .
ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run .	the result left ceahlaul 16th in the standings , six points adrift of safety .	maria was replaced by serbian vanya maria in a week .
benik afobe is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season .	the striker has scored 31 times for mk dons and wolves .	benik afobe 's confidence is sky high and has added 12 more .
jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation 's street red project .	the 41 - year - old swede was a key cog in sir alex ferguson 's treble - winning semi - final win .	blomqvist 's long journey back from the brink .
paranormal investigator jayne harris has received influx of messages from people describing chest pains , nausea and crippling headaches .	some reported flashing visions of ' mental institutions ' and ' overwhelming feelings of [UNK] .
zlatan ibrahimovic believes the world cup is ' nothing to watch ' without him .	the sweden international was suspended for the first leg in the last leg .	zlatan ibrahimovic has been suspended for first leg against chelsea .
five baggage handlers have been sacked by saudi airlines after a video of passengers luggage being caught on a green barrier .	it is not clear if the person who filmed the incident on a dump .
a 420 , 000 piano has been hand decorated with half a million crystals by hand .	the piano was made in collaboration with british contemporary artist lauren baker .	the company typically produces pianos priced between 100 , 000 and 1million .
the 37 - year - old presented tennis legend novak djokovic with his sportsman of the year prize .	the presentation of the award was bestowed on djokovic by the laureus sport for good .
vivid festival will feature a maze of lights designed to trick the eyes and boggle the mind glowing gossamer gowns: also exhibited will be these eerie white dresses made entirely from lights in full bloom: customs house in circular quay will blossom into a magnificent jacaranda tree during the festival .
hsbc has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page .	the website took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the young entrepreneur has since been shut down .	hsbc has removed the hyperlink from its main website .
the pup was caught in a public play area in brooklyn , new york , over the weekend .	the black cats are seen jumping around in time to the squirts of the air .
roger lohse , a reporter with miami - area station wplg , was about to finish reporting on an 800 - acre blaze in the day of the blaze .	the blaze was pointed out that a kitten was being rescued behind him .
the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning in front of the sydney 's opera house .	the video comes in the wake of strong storms and tandem heavy swells in june 2012 .
taylor lynn fast , 21 , told police in festus , missouri , that 17 - month - old layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite , officers said .	fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on sunday , and had not realized that her child was dead .
the video was shared by the new york observatory on monday .	it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory .	the video shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes .
sol campbell and his wife fiona the polls might have the parties neck - and - neck but it looks like sol campbell is taking no chances .	the former england footballer is selling a multi - million pound property leading to speculation he wants to dodge labours mansion tax if the party wins the election .
joshua stoner , 23 , from gosport , hampshire , appeared in turn in a courtroom in dartmouth , halifax , near halifax .	they were ordered to surrender their passports and live at the nearby stadacona naval base in canada .
the 80 - year - old designer has made a name for men who work out too much .	the milan - born designer is one of the most successful men who worked out too far .
corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop .	then , as the photographer shows the third - grader the finished photo he took , he spots his fatherpulling a goofy jazzhands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there .
paris saint - germain lost 3 - 1 in the champions league semi - final on tuesday .	zinedine zidane scored three goals in the premier league last week .	former real madrid star is confident psg can beat barcelona and progress .
bayern munich beat bayern munich 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .	ricardo [UNK] believes his side will have to ' focus ' on the game .	bayern are unbeaten in the world cup semi - final on tuesday .
bonnie can be seen lifting the dish into her plate to bring it over to her canine friend .	the streets of puerto rico and puerto rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs .
the mother bear and her four bears were spotted in the government hill area of anchorage , alaska .	residents were warned to keep their bears on a leash in light of the animals .
striker jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t - shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs .	the 73rd minute substitute for non - league clitheroe fc , in lancashire , today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to wayne rooney on twitter for advice .
wayne rooney , duncan edwards and peter shilton are among the players .	england are the most successful team in the history of the victory shield .	the football association has taken the decision to withdraw .
evo - stik league first division north title on a poignant 92 points .	gary neville , ryan giggs , nicky butt and paul scholes will no doubt partying hard on tuesday night after salford city clinched the title .	scholes and gary were in attendance for salford 's victory against clitheroe town .
former bury player worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute with a superb curling effort from a yellow - carded foul by adam el - abd .	it put manager phil browns late - goal specialists , who pinched an added - time winner at exeter on saturday , behind third - placed wycombe only on goal difference .
preston beat doncaster 3 - 0 to keep the heat on preston at the top of league one .	karl beckford scored a first - half goal for mk dons .	carl baker scored the second goal in the second half minutes .
arsenal lost 2 - 0 to southampton in the premier league on new year 's day .	bryant admitted ' going onto an area adjacent to a playing area ' of the game .	the 25 - year - old has been banned for three years .
liverpool defender kolo toure insists a ' sad ' steven gerrard will deal with the reality of being denied a fairytale fa cup final farewell .	the former ivory coast international said the team was probably more disappointed at not being able to deliver a trophy for fans .	gerrard was able to start the match after an injury to lucas leiva in training .
didier drogba has been forced to withdraw from the game against chelsea .	the 37 - year - old was the only champions league goal in chelsea 's last two games .	chelsea face arsenal in the premier league on sunday at the weekend .
the world number one is his best player in history to win all four major titles .	jordan and rory mcilroy have a chance to win the ryder cup for the first time .	rory mcilroy is the third player in the masters for the masters .
justin rose was the first european player to win the us open title .	rose had struggled to hit top form going into the masters .	rose was unable to take victory at the masters on sunday .
former 17 - year - old caroline wozniacki shared a video of one of her first on court appearance .	the former world no 1 shared a picture of her looking through a collection of tennis garments .
manor driver stevens was introduced to st george 's park in abu dhabi .	the 23 - year - old is preparing to race in the final race in bahrain grand prix .	the manor driver is founded by the four - time olympic champion .
andrea atzeni has an early chance to promote the classic claims of a contender owned by his new qatar racing bosses when he partners terror in wednesdays landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket .	the 1 , 000 guineas hope , trained by david simcock , is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the guineas .	terror finished fourth place in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs .
oliver sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newburys hennessy gold cup .	the race in november has already been identified as a likely to target for coneygree .
ruby walsh , a two - time winner of the national , acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the canal turn in the guardian .	walsh was able to walk away from the first circuit of the track .
tom aspell won the grand national race in the 1989 race of the year .	the 38 - year - old has won the race with hedgehunter in 2005 and ballabriggs in 2011 .	many clouds passed the line one - and - three - year race in 1953 .
serge betsen tells sportsmail he thinks clermont 's clash with saracens .	brad barritt is just one of several dangerous backs at clermont .	clermont will fear jacques burger after his performance on the flank last year .	clermont are most effective for the breakdown .
olly barkley has extended his stay at london welsh .	the 33 - year - old has played for bath , gloucester , racing metro , grenoble and the aviva premiership .	olly barkley won a new contract at the relegated - club welsh .
brian odriscoll believes roman abramovich 's style is needed to turn toulon into double european champions the gulf between clubs from the aviva premiership and the top 14 is bigger than ever .	saracens are the only english team featuring in the world cup semi - finals .
ulster and irelanddeclan fitzpatrick has been forced to retire on medical grounds .	the 31 - year - old fitzpatrick had ' experienced a number of concussive episodes ' .	medics at the guinness pro12 province referred him to a neurologist , and after tests it was recommended it would be in fitzpatrick 's long - term interests .
marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at the allianz park .	the 31 - year - old is the star of saracens ' european champions cup quarter - final .	bosch , 31 , booting a penalty with the last - minute penalty .
the 35 - year - old failed to show up to a charity function on tuesday night .	the english utopia is recovering from a hamstring injury .	goode says he 's too tired , poor culture and no trust .
clermont thrashed 37 - 5 in the quarter - final in champions cup semi - final .	the 27 - year - old wants to nullify the aerial threat of half - backs richard wigglesworth .
jeff williams will move to the recreation ground at the end of the season .	the 26 - year - old has been awarded a full - time sevens contract in 2012 .	he has scored 36 tries on the world championship circuit .
sportsmail exclusively revealed bt agreed to pay 20m over four years .	the scotland womens team will be the first team to run out with the bt logo on the long - term sponsorship .
sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a ' promising ' indian cricketer .	the 20 - year - old was hit by a team - mate while trying to take a catch during a club match in kolkata .	he was among several india stars to offer their condolences .
ian bell says england did not underestimate the west indies ahead of the first test .	bell scored a draw on an unresponsive pitch in antigua last week .	ian bell said he never expected england to win the series in west indies .
liam livingstone 's first - team debut match against caldy on sunday .	the 21 - year - old all - rounder has yet to make his debut for the red rose .	lancashire believes the innings is the highest - run victory .
alex hales is unbeaten on 222 not out as the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps .	the england international was unbeaten on the opening day of their lv= county championship match against yorkshire at the trent .
liam plunkett and mark wood impressing in the nets here on sunday , and moeen ali bowling apparently without discomfort after joining the squad .	england have options for the second test which starts on tuesday .	it would be harsh to blame the bowlers for their inability to take the eight wickets they needed on the final day of the antigua test .
kevin pietersen hopes to be batting against australia in the first ashes test this summer .	the 34 - year - old fell for 19 after being dismissed for 19 on his first slip - up .	pietersen was making his first england debut against surrey .
mark selby plays a shot in the first round match against kurt maflin on day one of the world championship .	the 31 - year - old from leicester rocked ronnie o'sullivan in last year 's final to claim his maiden crucible title .	no first - time champion in sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on , and that factor has taken the tag of the ' crucible curse' .
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800 - meter title on saturday .	the former 800 world title - holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5 .	05 seconds in stellenbosch , near cape town .	semenya 's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds championships .
the world no 1 won the world title at the crucible in the first round .	the world champion will have to win the world snooker title .	selby will face debutant kurtmaflin in first round on saturday .
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series .	the 18 - time olympic gold - medallist was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink - driving test .
the 26 - year - old from burnham - on - sea won the manchester world cup event .	he won the world cup two years ago and was the world champion in 2014 .	phillips hopes to use this year to hone his tactics in rio 2016 .
the 24 - year - old was set on changing his nationality and competing for moldova at the 2016 olympics .	he applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor sweeney .
gunners goalkeeper deyan iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down boro 's harry chapman in the box , having failed to clear george dobson 's back pass .	emmanuel ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper matt macey .	the hosts built up a two - goal lead before half - time through screamers from lewis maloney and yanic wildschut .
manchester united beat chelsea 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	eden hazard scored the only goal of the game as louis van gaal 's side beat chelsea 3 - 2 in their premier league last season .
tony pulis will receive a hero 's welcome when he returns to crystal palace on saturday .	the 57 - year - old has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the premier league .	pulis will know he isn't yet guaranteed preserving his proud record of never being relegated .
hull host southampton on saturday in the premier league on saturday .	steve bruce admits his side need to pull off a couple of ' crazy results ' .	the tigers head to southampton without a win in the bottom three .
2 - 0 over swansea made it three premier league wins in a row for the first time since 2000 .	nigel pearsons side to 17th and ending their five - month spell at the bottom .	queens park rangers , burnley , hull and sunderland are now shorter odds to go down with bookmakers .
mike ashley was fined 7 , 500 for breaching ' dual ownership ' rules .	the world 's 306th richest man owns 9 .	82 per cent of the glasgow giants .	rangers have been fined 5 , 500 by the scottish .
alan pardew 's five - year winning run was crucial to the premier league season .	the 53 - year - old appeared to have hit five straight wins from a newcastle side .	the 35 points off fourth place in the five - game season at home to newcastle .
sunderland beat sunderland 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	alan pardew 's side lost 1 - 0 to cardiff on saturday at the weekend .	yannick bolasie scored a penalty in the first half of the game .
sam allardyce 's current contract expires at the end of the season .	the 36 - year - old has been touted as a perfect fit for west ham .	the hammers are ninth in the premier league table .
dele alli is excited by the prospect of playing under mauricio pochettino next season .	alli has yet to feature for spurs having been immediately loaned back to his boyhood club , where he has continued to impress - so much so that on sunday he was crowned the football league young player of the year .	mk has been key to karl robinson 's side , scoring 16 goals in 41 appearances .
rangers ' teenage striker ryan hardie scored a brace on his full debut against dumbarton on saturday .	the 18 - year - old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the sons at the dumbarton stadium .	his double put rangers in command after they fell behind to mark wilson 's second - minute opener .	the former celtic full - back 's last goal was also against rangers .
rangers host rangers in the premier league on wednesday night .	stuart mccall is compiling a dossier of a dossier on targets for next season .	mccall knows the light club will need to get into action' .
stewart regan says dave king is a ' fit and proper ' man to be chairman of rangers .	he will have to convince the sfa that he is suitable to be the club .	king has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman of the sfa .
danny ings has impressed at burnley this season and is set to leave turf moor .	liverpool will also miss out on champions league qualification after only a season back in europe 's elite club competition .	brendan rodgers undoubtedly needs to reinforce his squad .
new 5 , 000 - capacity stadium broadhurst park is nearing completion general manager andy walsh outside the new ground , which cost the democratic club a whopping 6 .	5m this a symbol that there is another way .	another way a million miles away from billion - pound tv deals , fat owners , sanitised stadia and all that many will tell you is wrong with modern football .
manchester united and manchester united are interested in signing cristiano ronaldo and cristiano ronaldo to real madrid .	the manchester united boss reveals that the glazers were ' completely [UNK] ' by the glazer family .	nayani nayani 's book , ' the glazer brothers ' and ' the [UNK] ' of the glazer protest .
martin odegaard is expected to go out on loan from real madrid .	the 27 - year - old has struggled to impress next season at the camp nou .	martin odegaard will need a loan club .
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny had more than one reason to celebrate on saturday .	poland international , now 25 , was joined at his home by family and friends as well as one of his favourite rock bands , ' lemon' , who delivered a private performance .	arsenal 's triumph over reading sees them reach the fa cup final for the second consecutive season .
john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle .	the 50 - year - old is the only public face of the club in the premier league .	he has already been tipped as a replacement for newcastle .
aaron cresswell was linked with a move to manchester city .	the 25 - year - old has scored a stunning free - kick against stoke .	jack rodwell and jack rodwell moved to city for sunderland .
charlton beat brentford 4 - 1 in the premier league last season .	charlton beat charlton 4 - 0 in their premier league clash in the last 16 .	the club are eight points clear of the stadium in the championship .
mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from england duty and hopes to see a big improvement when spurs face newcastle .	kane has been one of the stars of the premier league , scoring 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham .	the england forward has been nominated for both pfa player of the year .
inter milan beat liverpool 1 - 0 in the champions league on tuesday .	massimiliano allegri 's starting line - up had an average age of 30years 64days .	inter milan named their second oldest side in champions league .
ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad .	the 29 - year - old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa .	young now feels he has an important role under louis van gaal , and toldmanutd .
amir khan has admitted he does not know he will fight on may 30 .	khan has been ordered to fight brook in june because of ramadan .	he has rejected the chance to face him at the o2 on june 13 .
manny pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with saved by the bell .	mayweather has been stepping up his fight against floyd mayweather .	pacquiao says he has fallen out of ' love with the lord and is a good example ' .	pacquiao said he 's ' thank you @jlin7 for the [UNK] .
tim krul and jermain defoe scored 1 - 0 at half - time in the wear - tyne derby .	tim krul , jermain defoe , marcelo and xabi alonso score for the black cats .	jamie carragher and jamie redknapp criticised krul for an inappropriate .
tomas berdych advanced to the semi - finals of the monte carlo masters for the third time .	tomas berdych will face marin cilic and milos raonic to semi - final on friday .	milos raonic will face tomas berdych and gael monfils in the next round .
rafael nadal eases through to the quarter - finals of the monte carlo masters .	the french open champion remains on course to meet novak djokovic in the semi - finals .	roger federer will face grigor dimitrov in the last eight .
grigor dimitrov beat stan wawrinka in 6 - 1 6 - 2 win over stan wawrinka .	grigor dimitrov won the first of the match in the second round .	the world no 11 broke out and closed out the first set .
chelsea are looking for a new contract to patrick bamford .	the 21 - year - old has scored 17 premier league goals this season .	chelsea are keen to tie him down to a new deal at stamford bridge .
patrick bamford scored 29 goals for boro in 2 - 1 win over wolves on tuesday night .	the 21 - year - old is expected to go out on loan from stamford bridge .	bamford is currently one of 26 players out of loan from chelsea .
wojciech szczesny will start in the fa cup semi - final on saturday .	szczesny has been deposed as arsenals no 1 in the champions league .	szczesny is understood to be content with his situation .
steve clarke admits his reading side must be ' perfect ' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley .	clarke has challenged his players to make history by getting to the fa cup final for the first time .
arsenal beat bradford in the fa cup final on saturday .	reading had to play their fa cup replay against arsenal at wembley .	reading beat arsenal in the last round on saturday night .
jessica ennis - hill , mo farah and greg rutherford take part in the tickets .	tickets are now on sale to the general public at britishathletics .	org . uk will be on sale on july 24 - 25 on july 26 .
adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city .	he is playing out the final days of a distinguished career on the doorstep of disney world .	heath has been here for eight years now and witnessed the process .
some 13 million different americans watched at least one top - flight english game live .	lowe , 34 , is married to england for this weekend 's round of matches in the usa .	the premier league sells itself with its premier league production .
manchester city beat manchester united at the etihad stadium on sunday .	the 61 - year - old 's side currently sit fourth in the premier league with seven games remaining - four points clear of fifth - placed liverpool .	the reigning champions league champions will face manchester united .
world cup winner spent a year at atletico madrid during the champions league quarter - final first - leg tie .	the world cup champions league champions league champions league clash with real madrid .	gareth bale cheered on his former club during their champions league .
manchester city beat manchester city 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	sir alex ferguson is likely to be a manc - free derby for the first time .	he will be one of his first - team squad for the manchester derby .
rousey is preparing for manny pacquiao 's may 2 megafight against floyd mayweather in las vegas , las vegas and las vegas .	rousey has made it clear she is in underdog pacquiao 's camp in the lead up to the fight .
the session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12am uk ( 7pm edt ) .	when the american holds an open workout for the media .	the session is streamed live in the world .
filipino icon will be put through his paces at floyd mayweather 's workout gym in los angeles .	he will be able to wear his workout at the iconic wild card gym in manny pacquiao .	pacquiao has promised to be on the media with his skills .
manny pacquiao has included shots of himself in the boxing ring .	the 36 - year - old will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat floyd mayweather on may 2 .	pacquiao has also taken a keen interest in politics .
the fight at the mgm grand on may 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $400m ( 273m ) with both fighters picking up huge pay days .	the referee of the eagerly - awaited contest will net $10 , 000 with kenny bayless and tony weeks both frontrunners .
floyd mayweather 's mega - fight with manny pacquiao is just three weeks away .	floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a bugatti - insisting the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours .	the 1 .	5million valued super - car was delivered just 11 hours .
floyd mayweather is down to within three - and - a - half time in a new video .	mayweather 's chef reveals he loves his snacks and fizzy drinks on ' snack day ' .	the chef reveals that he gets a lot of his energy from the trolley .
26 - year - old has got just over 12 months left on his current 90 , 000 - a - week deal which has alerted liverpool and manchester city .	walcott is scheduled to sit down with gunners chiefs over the next fortnight as the club look to resolve his future one way or another .
manchester united are in the semi - finals of the champions league semi - final .	javier pique scored the winner for real madrid against monaco .	cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique all in the competition .
bayern munich team - mate lahm joined bayern munich in the champions league quarter - final on saturday at the age of 31 .	lahm dissected the likes of jupp lahm and jupp heynckes as part of a treble in 2013 before retiring from coaching .	lahm has played at bayern munich since the summer .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 in their champions league clash .	the brazil win over real madrid in the champions league group clash .	miranda is not the win for atletico madrid .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 0 in champions league quarter - final .	paul scholes said he was ' making a meal ' of many of his second - half clashes .	the striker was left bleeding after a clash with sergio ramos , raphael varane and carvajal .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 1 in the premier league on a night .	gareth bale scored five in his last four games in the first half of the match .	bale apologised to ronaldo after one misplaced pass .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 1 in the champions league on tuesday .	real and atletico madrid face paris saint - germain in the first half in the last - half .	jan oblak scored a late goal in the 0 - 0 win over real madrid in the summer .
arsenal beat tottenham 2 - 0 at sunderland on saturday .	arsenal beat burnley 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday night .	fabian benteke 's 35th - minute goal was a stand - out at tottenham .
wilfried zaha was signed by old trafford boss sir alex ferguson in january 2013 .	the 22 - year - old was left on the bench for the remainder of the season .	zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in august .
eric cantona says it is ' a work of art ' and a ' piece of art' ' .	48 - year - old is on his hands and knees in his pants .	cantona has defended the film , saying it is not a pornography .
lionel messi is the most exciting player in the world .	he was the most creative player in barcelona , according to eric cantona .	the argentine won the world cup because of the influence of barcelona .
eric cantona says manchester united are kings of the city .	the former united striker has won the league twice in the premier league .	eric cantona said he was proud of his desire to be the manager .
bournemouth lost 2 - 2 to bournemouth in the premier league on saturday .	chris maguire scored a penalty for a penalty in the second half .	eddie howe was sent off for the first time in the last - half - time .
eddie howe was at a loss as to why his bournemouth side were not awarded a ' clear - cut ' penalty in their 2 - 2 draw with sheffield wednesday .	eddie howe said he got a touch of the ball when he was awarded a late penalty at dean court owls .
marco verratti has praised zlatan ibrahimovic for playing an ' essential ' role .	the 33 - year - old is available for the club 's champions league quarter - final second leg .	the swedish striker scored 17 goals for laurent blanc 's side .
bayern munich beat bayern munich 3 - 1 in the first leg of the last round .	the 48 - year - old scored twice as porto beat basle 4 - 1 on aggregate .	the portuguese side beat basle 5 - 1 at the emirates stadium .
gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik put the visitors firmly in control as rafa benitez 's side struck twice in the opening 45 minutes before the slovakian midfielder added a third after the break .	gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik put the visitors firmly in control as rafa benitez 's side struck twice in the opening 45 minutes before the slovakian midfielder added a third after the break .	substitute manolo gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two - goal hero hamisk from the bench .
petr cech is expected to leave stamford bridge this summer .	the 32 - year - old has fallen behind belgian shot - stopperthibaut courtois in jose mourinho 's pecking order this season .	cech has won his three league titles , four fa cups and the champions league .
jurgen klopp announced he would be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season .	he has won two bundesliga titles , the german cup and reached the champions league final , in the last - of - the - day german cup .	klopp , klopp and michael klopp , michael zorc , robert lewandowski and michael gotze also in the first time .
the pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .	todd phillips , a front - outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tyres and fuel .
arjen robben says he has ' a lot of injuries ' and ' physically disabled ' .	the holland international is expected to miss the game in a few days .	robben has been working hard in the premier league for bayern munich .
alvaro arbeloa , asier illarramendi and nacho gave adidas a tour of their hq .	real madrid 's first - team stars have a room where they can only access their own suite by a finger recognition system fitted on the door .	the real madrid players also have their own personalised room .
manchester city have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double .	a number of fans in the east stand at the etihad stadium have been informed that their 885 season cards will rocket to 1 , 750 .	the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham 's cheikhou kouyate .	the 29 - year - old received eight minutes of treatment on the field at the etihad stadium before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination .
russia beat montenegro 3 - 0 in the euro 2016 qualifier on march 27 .	the game is deferred for a probationary period of two years .	the match is abandoned after the game was abandoned following the game .
ashley young 's superb cross with a thumping header to send old trafford into a state of euphoria city 's defence was caught flatfooted and joe hart could only watch as fellaini 's header flew into the net on a great day for the hosts juan mata was released by wayne rooney and the spaniard ran through to shoot between hart 's legs to extend the host 's advantage .	david silva 's cross into the empty net to give the visitors hope the united defence looked at sixes and embarrass them .
chelsea beat chelsea 3 - 1 in the fa youth cup final on monday night .	manuel pellegrini and manuel pellegrini were in attendance to watch the club 's first - team team in the premier league on monday .	manchester city 's head of youth development , patrick vieira and patrick vieira also attends the academy stadium .
juventus beat monaco 1 - 0 in the last leg of the first leg on tuesday .	leonardo jardim was furious after his side 's 2 - 0 win over monaco .	jardim says he was ' furious ' after his team lost to the ground .
the 22 - year - old will be the first japanese player to sign for fc tokyo .	the premier league clubs have made an offer for the club .	the fc tokyo manager wants to join the club muto .
patrick bamford is on loan at middlesbrough for the season .	the chelsea youngster has scored 17 goals in his deal at stamford bridge .	chelsea are keen to tie him down to a new deal .
paul aldridge will leave the championship club at the end of the season .	he has previously worked at west ham , leicester city and manchester city .	adam pearson and glenn roeder will be hoping to be a new manager .
jamie carragher says mike ashley has turned newcastle united into a ' boring club ' .	jamie carragher claims ashley must try to reconnect with clubs fans .	mike ashley says he only wants to make money at newcastle .
moeen ali has been named as an ambassador for liverpool 's pak reds .	he has been called up for england 's final two tests in the west indies .	the 27 - year - old has been the honorary ambassador for pak reds in pakistan .
tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries as bangladesh made 329 for six and pakistan could only muster 250 in reply .	pakistan will have the chance to level the three - match series on sunday when the second odi takes place in mirpur .
hull city beat bradford 1 - 0 in the opening round of the odsal stadium .	josh mantellato scored four tries and a total of 30 points from the super league side .	the italian international scored three goals in the second half .
aaron murphy scored twice in a seven - try romp as huddersfield secured a 38 - 14 super league victory against catalans dragons to end a three - match losing run .	murphy , player of the month for february and march , went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from jake connor 's pass .	he was then on hand when ukuma ta'ai , who also scored twice , caught and off - loaded a kick from danny brough on 37 minutes .
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday .	gary cahill believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet .	chelsea host chelsea in january 2012 , including the league .
marco verratti 's side beat barcelona 3 - 1 in their first leg in their champions league clash in the champions league on tuesday night .	marco verratti will be fit for the first leg against barcelona in a friendly against barcelona on tuesday .	blanc 's side face barcelona in their opening match .
paris saint - germain beat barcelona 3 - 1 in ligue 1 on saturday .	javier pastore says he is the best player in the world .	psg face barcelona in the second leg of their last - 16 clash .
sean reardon was stopped by police as he drove through chico in california .	he claims once he was out of the car he was wrestled to the floor .	he says he was subjected to violence ' without provocation ' .
mercury was whizzing up to a sizzling 46c and the south australian city .	the temperature had climbed above 40c for a whole week and even the aussies were struggling .	appropriately , friends took us out that evening to dine in one of the city 's hottest restaurants .
eddie hearn has a 1 .	5million purse offer for the ibf super - bantamweight title .	he has no strings attached to the fight with the matchroom promoter .	hearn has seemingly attempted to force a deal with the fight .
the former champion has won the world title in new york on saturday .	he is the first defence of the fight against the wbo middleweight title last season .	there 's been a huge fight for lee quillin , who is a former champion .
dads devised a creative way to keep the boys away from his daughter .	the image was taken by a two - time grand slam star in a t - shirt .	the shirt had been liked by 370 , 000 users and had been shared .
bridget olinda garcia , 32 , had confiscated her 13 - year - old son on the hood of her car .	she was preparing to leave their home following ' a brief altercation' .
in the book ' men and sheds , ' the author , gordon thorburn , called the wooden buildingsa " male necessity " .	but now the female sex and demanding a place at the bottom of the garden they can call their own .
speedy stock of lilly pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early sunday morning .	within 24 hours , pieces from diffusion line have popped up on ebay .	speedy re - sellers shouldn't be able to see same original low prices .
cassey ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video .	the youtube channel has now over two million subscribers , so fans may have been surprised to learn about the help of her body .
virgil van dijk was eight points clear of aberdeen in the first half of the year .	van dijk scored the only goal in the scottish cup semi - final on sunday .	ronny deila 's side are bottom of the table on saturday .
video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and johnny debnam , a 29 - year - old commercial diver and ocean lover .	mr debnam was free diving in water four metres deep; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean .
neymar scored twice as barcelona beat psg 2 - 0 ( 5 - 1 on agg ) to advance to the champions league semi - finals .	abidal was an integral part of pep guardiola 's brilliant barcelona team that swept the board to win six trophies in 2009 and he believes that the club could be on the road to rescaling those heights .
33 - year - old steven pienaar has admitted he was ' the ' [UNK] ' of the season .	the everton midfielder returned to action at the 1 - 1 draw with the swansea city .
arsenal face manchester united in the fa cup semi - final on the day .	danny welbeck is a credit for his family and his new team - mates .	welbeck has played in a three - man squad for the second year in a row .	arsenal face tottenham at wembley on saturday .
manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the year 's premier league season .	eden hazard and nemanja matic have been nominated for the first time .
floyd mayweather has a pop - up shop where he is selling t - shirts with a philippines flag in the background .	the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will be held at the mandalay .
falcao moved to old trafford on a season - long loan last summer .	he has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a ' serious knee injury ' .	he was not happy in the champions league .
robin van barneveld beat world no 1 in the final at the premier league .	phil taylor and robin van persie scored the winner at the 02 arena .	the manchester united forward will be disappointed .
benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer .	australian prime minister tony abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut 's wife , daphne , which she declined .	mr abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in australia .
swedish midfielder 's curling free - kick misses his team - mates and tim krul in the newcastle goal nacer chadli , christian eriksen and harry kanes 30th of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in 14 .	harry kane celebrates putting the result beyond doubt as spurs claim a 3 - 1 win over newcastle .
manchester city beat west ham 2 - 1 in their premier league clash at old trafford .	sergio aguero scored his second goal in manchester city 's 3 - 0 win over west ham in the premier league on saturday night .	manchester city lost 1 - 0 to manchester city in their first half of the game .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 1 in la liga , la liga and la liga in the premier league on sunday .	gareth bale and james rodriguez were substituted at the top of la liga last season .	cristiano ronaldo scored a penalty for the first time on loan at the nou camp .
celtic beat dundee 2 - 1 in scottish cup semi - final on sunday .	celtic boss ronny deila ruled out of the scottish cup final .	celtic face falkirk in the semi - finals of scottish cup .
simon mignolet has scored nine goals in the premier league this season .	the 20 - year - old has been in regular talks with his international team - mates .	the belgium striker has been advising his compatriot about life .
fifa and uefa have strict rules to crack down on violence at sports events .	greek government has sent a new set of regulations in an attempt to solve the problem of violence in greece .
united lost seven of their 19 league games in the premier league last season .	united lost 3 - 0 at home to manchester city in the last - 16 league games .	louis van gaal has propelled united back into the top four .	manchester united beat manchester city 2 - 1 at old trafford .
the 50 - year - old was checked in to the 101 legian hotel in bali .	it 's believed he was from seymour in victoria and was due to be due to find the exact cause of death .
the 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle .	witnesses captured footage of nsw fire and rescue crews working to put out the flames as thick smoke spewed out over the car park .
22 - year - old tegan peters , 22 , from auckland new zealand , said she noticed the ball as she was driving past .	she thinks the ball was found in close proximity to two or children in the area .	ms peters said she is proud of the ' dangerous ' behaviour .
michael j from michigan filmed his 11 - month - old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to break the chunk of potato in half to make it .
two men small - talked in zurich , simeone is understood to have asked ancelotti how life was in madrid .	he said he was happy in the city and keen to stay , but that life would be a lot easier if simeone were not on the other side of town managing atletico madrid .
the suitcase is set for a ride on a different conveyor in a matter of seconds .	it is believed to be an international airport in the hope it arrives with its owner .	dutch company vanderlande market leaders in the machinery .
sunseekers are being warned that it could also invalidate their home insurance if they get burgled while they are away .	most insurers have a ' reasonable care ' clause , meaning they are not liable if they put out .
sapp , 42 , cries , cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on february 2 in the renaissance hotel .	the two women who were arrested along with sapp were britney osbourne , 23 , and 34 - year - old quying boyd .	sapp continued: ' we're in the bed and i start taking pictures of the two ladies naked and doing what they're doing . '
ron aydelott , head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries in the attack .	the 17 - year - old alleged attacker became violent after he felt ' disrespected , ' reports news channel five network .
sergey burkaev , 16 , and konstantin surkov , 17 , are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat .	the vodka - fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south - west russia , according to prosecutors .	if convicted , surkov and burkaev face life in jail .
the man , who has not been named , was pulled up from the rails of the u.s. , d .	c . , metro system by two men who leaped over the platform .	the man only had minor face injuries .
paul warren smith , 61 , was identified as the man in a white marshall independent school district van seen in surveillance video tossing five of the puppies over a six - foot fence at the humane society on saturday .	police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van .
delayed flight from madrid to manchester had been due to land at manchester airport .	passengers were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked .	passengers are left to make their own way out of the empty terminal .
mercedes driver forced to wait 10 minutes in the lane to block the mercedes .	the mercedes driver catches up to the renault driver in the queue like everybody else .	mercedes driver wasn't happy and pulled into the inside lane to wait in .
tory leader hit back at presenter andrew marr , after being left baffled by questions during an interview on sunday .	it came as mr cameron turned the clock back to ape john majors election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful , but ended up being heckled by someone claiming the nhs is dying .	he said he had upped the tempo to make the case that his economic plan is working .
kali , the young german shepherd named kali , was adopted by owner tracy .	the german shepherd makes a lunge for its toy bone and skips off in the direction of its mother , the mother , who watches the decking .
20 - year - old goat was born with four forelegs and two hind legs .	the 20 - day - old ' spider goat ' was born to a kid with six legs .
celtic were knocked out by both legia warsaw and inverness on sunday .	celtic 's virgil van dijk is expected to win the scottish premiership title .	ronny deila 's side face dundee on wednesday night in the premier league .
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season .	he is on loan from chelsea to the premier league at stamford bridge .	he wants to fight for his place at stamford .
raheem sterling is at the centre of a second drugs controversy after the liverpool forward was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide .	the england international , who was also exposed on sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe , will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high .
bayern munich beat porto 3 - 0 in the champions league on wednesday .	pep guardiola 's side are on the brink after a 3 - 1 defeat at the allianz arena .	bayern munich face porto in the semi - final on wednesday in the game .
james milner will make a decision over his future at the end of the season before making a final decision on his manchester city future .	the england midfielder has interest from liverpool with brendan rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by steven gerrards departure .	milner is frustrated by reports suggesting that he has already outlined a move to anfield .
chelsea are looking to sign brazilian starlet nathan manchester city .	nathan is on loan at eintracht frankfurt .	chelsea are interested in chelsea and jose mourinho .	nathan has been in contract with chelsea and chelsea .
west brom face west brom in the premier league on saturday .	west brom are weighing up the possibility of signing tony pulis .	the former lyon right back bryan dabo has scored three goals in his career .
psg striker edinson cavani is a target for juventus according to italian newspaper corriere dello sport manchester united .	manchester united boss david moyes attempted to sign cavani before he joined psg and the old trafford club remain interested in acquiring him .
memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 games so far this season .	the 21 - year - old has scored a hat - trick for manchester united .	manchester united boss louis van gaal 's world cup campaign .
andre gomes says he has no intention of leaving the club this summer .	the 21 - year - old has been linked with manchester united and chelsea .	the midfielder says he wants to stay at the club in the future .
manchester city are keen on lazio 's felipe anderson and real madrid .	the 21 - year - old set up lazio 's winner against napoli in the summer .	the brazilian midfielder has scored 45 goals in two games in the league .
chelsea have made an offer for chelsea 's 22 - year - old yoshinori muto .	the youngster has played for the j - league side since 2013 .	he is the first japanese player to join the premier league .
new survey found women typically take and delete five photos before they take on social media .	survey found men are worried they were happy with the way they looked at snaps .	the survey found a third of women backing the campaign .
retired policeman spencer bell , 71 , had bravely ventured on to the motorway near watford , hertfordshire , after a man fell from a bridge in january last year .	but as he tended the victim alan tretheway , 67 mr bell was struck by a toyota driven by mother - of - three iram shahzad .
gloucestershire police were called to the incident on an unregistered road .	the driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a tree .
oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn a draw against the montreal impact in the first leg of the concacaf champions league final .	argentine striker ignacio piatti captained the impact for 76 minutes before he was replaced .
the 29 - year - old left - back fractured his ankle after a series of operations and advice from specialists in the u.s. .	he has been forced to cut short his career after a long - term ankle injury .
26 - year - old holland international midfielder played 72 minutes for the club 's under - 21s and set up striker adam armstrong for the decisive goal in a 2 - 1 victory at aston villa on monday evening .	it was his second appearance for peter beardsley 's side since recovering from surgery to repair a collapsed lung and while he admits he is still short of match fitness .
abou diaby 's contract expires at the end of the season .	the 28 - year - old will be allowed to break into the first - team fold this season .	gunners boss arsene wenger is close to diaby 's future .
the 30 - year - old has been linked with a move from liverpool and napoli .	the slovakia international has made over 200 league appearances for the reds .	skrtel has rejected the move from the premier league side .
brendan rodgers is the right man to take the club forward .	the 42 - year - old dumped out of the fa cup semi - final on sunday .	liverpool lost 2 - 1 to aston villa on sunday night .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham 's cheikhou kouyate .	the 29 - year - old received eight minutes of treatment on the field at the etihad stadium before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination .
aston villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs ' sixth - round victories against west brom and bradford respectively .	both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge .	west brom expressed their ' deep concern ' for the safety of the players .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham 's cheikhou kouyate .	the 29 - year - old received eight minutes of treatment on the field at the etihad stadium before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach .	the pair will finally go head - to - head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand .	manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account floyd mayweather .
tomas berdych will face tomas berdych in the final of the semi - final .	the czech republic is the first french player in 15 years to make the final at the country club .	the sixth seed will face either rafael nadal and novak djokovic in the first set .
frankie dettori will be left to focus on the guineas this summer .	the recruitment of benoist could be seen as a snub for dettori .	the only exception will be sheik joaans al thani .
saracens defeated saracens 2 - 1 in the quarter - final on saturday .	maro itojie secures a loose ball on the deck during a tight first half of the game .	clermont will head back to the second european title .
saracens beat clermont 3 - 0 in european cup semi - final on saturday .	stade geoffrey - guichard has been named on the bench for the big clash .	vern cotter 's side were crushed 46 - 6 .
pakistan have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one - day international series next month , likely to take place in lahore and karachi .	no tourists have played in pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on sri lanka 's team bus in march 2009 .
the 29 - year - old will play in tuesday 's second test in the second test .	west indies captain ramdin ramdin will play against england in the first test .	the spinner is set to play against west indies in the nets .
former england captain alastair cook has returned to the team this season .	the 34 - year - old is keen to play for england again after being sacked in 2014 .	cook 's future may be affected by the england recall .
alastair cook 's hopes of remaining england captain in the ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home .	the three - half - time cook made in his last four test innings of last year 's test innings .	cook 's decision to prove he is the best man for the job .
stephen curry scores 34 points for the golden state warriors in the final of the clash .	stephen curry scored a second - half lead in the clash with 11 first - half goals in the last minute of the season .
barry hearn has dismissed rumours the betfred world championship will leave its spiritual home of sheffield .	this year marks the 40th anniversary of snookers most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre .	but hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with sheffield city council , and broadcast partner the bbc , both of which expire in 2017 .
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas .	the 29 - year - old recorded a score of 85 .	414 percent to finish clear of las vegas with american .
scott sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for villa .	the 26 - year - old is on loan from manchester city and has been in fine form sinclair .	joe cole believes villa can beat arsenal in the fa cup final on may 30 .
the 22 - year - old has scored nine goals in the premier league season .	ings has scored a nine premier league goals for manchester united and liverpool .	the burnley striker is keen to play and develop wherever he ends up .
fernando torres spent three - and - half - seasons at the english club and struck up a close friendship with the former england captain , even returning to anfield to play in his charity match against jamie carragher 's side .	the 31 - year - old has struggled for form since leaving the club and has only scored four goals for atletico gerrard .
jonas gutierrez was dropped from squad for sunday 's defeat by tottenham following row with john carver .	the 31 - year - old had earlier posted a message on twitter saying that he was not injured .	gutierrez was upset when he was axed following a heated exchange with carver .
four queens park rangers supporters have been jailed for 30 weeks .	they were sentenced to 30 weeks imprisonment after being charged in july last year .	the scenes were held at the plough and harrow pub , 2014 .
southampton beat blackburn rovers 2 - 1 in the premier league on monday .	sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton beat st mary 's last season .	the 19 - year - old says he has not been named in the first - team squad .
black cats are in the middle of a premier league relegation battle .	the black cats beat crystal palace 4 - 1 at the stadium of light in january .	sunderland are without a game this weekend .
sunderland beat crystal palace 4 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	the 67 - year - old black cats are two points above the relegation zone .	the black cats have won just one in the second half of the season .
sunderland beat crystal palace 4 - 0 at the stadium of light on saturday .	steven fletcher and jermain defoe scored just twice on the road all season .	sunderland have now won the four games immediately .
nelson gomis has been linked with a 24million move to manchester united .	oliveira is set to make his second premier league start at swansea on saturday .	the 23 - year - old is hoping to take his swansea chance presented to him .
alli has set his sights on playing for england under 20s at the toulon tournament next month .	the 19 - year - old has impressed for mk dons this season .	alli was named football league young player of the year at the football league awards .
bayern munich beat porto 3 - 0 in the champions league on wednesday .	pep guardiola 's side are on the brink after a 3 - 1 defeat at the allianz arena .	bayern munich face porto in the semi - final on wednesday in the game .
fifa president sepp blatter said on a visit to one of the 2018 world cup .	blatter said russia is getting ready to host the world cup in 2018 .	blatter says russia is organising a ' wonderful ' event to host 2018 world cups .
cristiano ronaldo and messi will go head - to - head at the end of the season .	the 27 - year - old has scored eight goals in the champions league this season .	barcelona and real madrid have scored eight times in the premier league .
harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals this season this season .	the former qpr boss says he has been rescued by the kids this year .	redknapp says the club have not made any progress .
mauricio pochettino is convinced there is more to come from striker harry kane .	kane became the first spurs player since gary lineker to reach the 30 - mark with a late strike in his side 's 3 - 1 barclays premier league victory at newcastle on sunday .	pochettino is convinced the 21 - year - old england hitman can improve further as he continues to make his way in the game .
florin andone has scored six goals in 16 games for cordoba .	the 26 - year - old has scored 25 , 000 a week for the struggling spanish side .	villa are also interested in cordoba striker florin andone .	click here for aston villa transfer news .
jon moss will take charge of fa cup final at wembley between arsenal and aston villa .	halsey said the english game would be a laughing stock over the decision to ignore clattenburg , one of only two english referees in the uefa elite ranks for the final .
martin odegaard was substituted after 65 minutes against tudelano .	the 16 - year - old has been dropped previously by manager zinedine zidane .	odegaard is understood to be on 40 , 000 a week .
martin odegaard has been dropped from the club 's b - team castilla .	the 16 - year - old was called up by real madrid for real madrid .	odegaard is thought to be on loan at the end of the season .
real madrid will have a 2 - 1 win against serbia on sunday evening .	real have won just one of their last five games in the 2 - 0 win against levante last month .	real are now four points behind lionel messi and martin odegaard .
pye applied for the role after paul lambert was sacked in february .	the six - year - old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus .	pye was pipped to the post by paul lambert .
villa wide man turned up for training at the club 's bodymoor heath complex wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo .	shay given certainly wasn't a fan of n'zogbia 's flowery ensemble , made worse by his decision to wear sunglasses in the dressing room .
defender per mertesacker says arsenal have become a stronger unit from the season .	the german , who will again lead the back of a superb run of form , has seen them win 16 from 18 matches in the premier league .
click here for all the latest team news ahead of the match .	in or out of the fa cup semi - final semi - finals .	sportsmail looks at the game below and out .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer .	he has been linked with a move to the barclays premier league and the club .	klopp 's future will be heading for the champions league .
david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves against sheffield united .	the 51 - year - old said the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england .
oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since january .	the 23 - year - old has insisted he is happy at chelsea and won't be leaving stamford bridge .	chelsea currently enjoy a seven - point lead in the premier league .
joe calzaghe enjoyed a holiday in barbados with his girlfriend lucy in barbados .	the former undisputed super - middleweight champion won all 46 of the world in the world .	calzaghe hung up his gloves as he enjoyed a jet ski and a swim .
floyd mayweather took to his shot to beat mayweather on may 2 .	the 38 - year - old was a member of his brand the money team .	the fight will be held in las vegas on saturday .
manny pacquiao has revealed his own walk - out tune ahead of his $300m mega - fight with floyd mayweather jnr .	the so - called ' the nation 's fist ' will be played ahead of the richest fight in las vegas .
danny ings is a top target for manchester united this summer .	the 22 - year - old is out of contract at old trafford in the summer .	louis van gaal is interested in signing nathaniel clyne and radamel falcao .	ings has been linked with a move to manchester united .
united have 3 - 1 victory over aston villa 's 2 - 1 win over manchester derby .	united have only lost twice in the premier league this year .	ferdinand says united have a lot of ' more than ever results ' .	manchester united 's 3 - 0 win over liverpool last weekend .
raymond van barneveld squandered a 4 - 2 lead in the premier league .	the 54 - year - old squandered a 6 - 2 win against adrian van barneveld .	michael van gerwen beat james wade 7 - 4 6 - 6 .
michael van gerwen and raymond van gerwen beat van barneveld 7 - 2 last week to remain undefeated and left the tournament .	van barneveld and michael van barneveld were will go on to sheffield , aberdeen , aberdeen , birmingham , the play - offs at a o2 arena on may 21 .
liverpool beat newcastle 2 - 0 at anfield in the premier league on sunday .	brendan rodgers says he will take time to talk with his rising star .	rodgers said he will speak with him on the chance of being a professional entails .	the 20 - year - old faces a club investigation .
england lost 1 - 0 in the first test against west indies on saturday .	the england captain has endured a nightmare return to the england team .	cook has scored a goal in a three - goal victory over west indies .
richie benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator , died aged 84 .	benaud was the former captain and captain , who has died aged 28 .	benaud played in the 1961 ashes series on saturday .
alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici in extra time it was a routine shot from sanchez .	alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici in extra time it was a routine shot from sanchez .
former newcastle boss john carver is under pressure .	alan shearer , the club 's record goal - scorer , also had a brief stint as manager newcastle fans are planning to protest against owner mike ashley for a perceived lack of ambition sunday 's protests will take place .
sunderland fans stayed away from sundays home match against spurs .	newcastle fans boycotting the game and refused to enter the stadium in protest of mike ashleys running of the club .	newcastle united fans took to the streets in protest group .
manchester city beat west ham 4 - 2 at the etihad stadium in the first half .	james collins and sergio aguero scored in the second half .	west ham beat manchester city 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	james kolarov6 .
liverpool host napoli in the europa league semi - final with a 6 - 3 aggregate win over wolfsburg .	the spaniard took the serie a side into the champions league final with an emphatic 6 - 1 aggregate victory .	napoli are the fourth club he has taken to a european competition .
west ham beat west ham 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	the city have won their last five games against west ham .	reid says he has the experience to cope with his pace .
yaya toure 's agent says manchester city are trying to make him a scapegoat for bigger problems behind the scenes .	yaya toure has called manuel pellegrini 's agent ' weak manager ' .	seluk said the club are wrong to make toure a ' scapegoat ' for city 's struggles .
chelsea defender john terry is adamant that there is still work to be done if they are to clinch the premier league title .	jose mourinho 's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table after eden hazard 's goal was enough to beat manchester united , meaning they require two wins from their last six matches to claim the league .
luis enrique has been linked with a return to the premier league this summer .	the 55 - year - old has been ruled out of the 10 - year affiliation with the club .	real madrid boss carlo ancelotti has said he will remain in charge of malaga .
stoke keeper asmir begovic has been linked with a move from real madrid .	the 19 - year - old is expected to sign a new deal with stoke this summer .	stoke face stoke in the premier league on saturday .
real madrid host real madrid in the premier league on april 8 .	cristiano ronaldo has been presented with a shit with a special shirt .	ronaldo , 30 , scored the landmark goal against rayo vallecano .
manny pacquiao 's conference call about his fight against floyd mayweather was cancelled during media event the filipino , pictured during last week 's media day , could only answer one question due to technical issues pacquiao was on the call from los angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session .
paris saint - germain beat barcelona 3 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	luis suarez scored twice in the first half of his game at the top of the game .	suarez has scored more goals than any other players .
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu has told lionel messi that he would like the argentine star to stay with the club until he retires .	messi , who has been with the catalan giants since the age of 13 , was linked with a move away from the nou camp earlier this year after a reported falling out with the board .
barcelona striker luis suarez scored 19 goals in the premier league last season .	suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside neymar .	suarez admitted he was timid during a training session .
luis enrique 's side have no plans to replace luis enrique .	the 44 - year - old took charge of the club last summer .	president josep maria bartemou says the club are ' very happy ' .	luis enrique opened the scoring for barcelona in the summer .
falcao joined united on a one - year loan deal in september .	falcao joined colombia in september but has failed to shine during his time .	monaco vice - president vadim vasilyev says falcao will be included .
leonardo jardim believes monaco 's march to the champions league quarter - finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash .	leonardo jardim says he is proud of his players at training ahead of champions league semi - final .
arsenal beat reading 2 - 1 in the fa cup final on saturday .	arsene wenger accepted his side ' a bit lucky ' to beat alexis sanchez .	alexis sanchez 's volley rolled over his legs and roll through his legs .	wenger 's side failed to hit the level in recent games .
the 38 - year - old boxer shared a video flaunting his diamond - encrusted watches , fleet of super - cars and carpets of cash on his instagram account .	the 15 - second video shot by director james ' jp ' dayap .
jordan henderson has signed a new long - term contract at liverpool .	his new contract expires at the end of 100 , 000 - a - week .	henderson is expected to sign a new contract with jordan henderson .	henderson has 14 months remaining on his contract .
chelsea travel to wolfsburg for the first leg of the europa league quarter - final .	rafa benitez will see his side line up against wolfsburg in the quarter - finals of the competition on the eve of the league season .
jose mourinho is the best in premier league history at shutting out opponents .	he has an astounding 101 clean sheets , nullifying his rivals in 53 .	4 per cent of games .	arsene wenger and carlo ancelotti have impressive defensive record .
werder bremen beat werder 2 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	werder bremen face hamburg in the europa league on europa league .	di santo has been sent off for the first time .
simon mignolet has backed belgian striker origi to be a success at anfield .	the 19 - year - old is looking forward to the pre - season tour .	origi has endured a difficult spell in the premier league .
atletico madrid host atletico madrid in the premier league on wednesday .	real madrid have also been linked with a number of leading european clubs .	they are in talks with napoli , roma , inter and paris saint - germain in the summer .
paulo dybala has been linked with a move to manchester united and arsenal .	juventus have made a move for paulo dybala , who has caught the eye of man united and barcelona , according to gazzetta .
premier league champions have had a disappointing campaign under manager manuel pellegrini and are down in fourth position , 12 points behind runaway leaders chelsea with five matches left to play .	hart and team - mates have had ' honest ' chats following defeat at old trafford .	hart added of their title triumphs in 2012 and 2014 .
ap mccoy repeated the trick on don cossack to the delight of a huge ladies day crowd .	if he wanted a further sign that the cards are falling in his favour , the last time he won the field at aintree on friday .
anderson silva , a 40 - year - old , will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's olympics in rio de janeiro .	he is currently suspended by ufc after failing drug testing .
andy flower is running the england cricket academy at loughborough and working with young players .	kevin pietersen will not be interfering in any way with the work of the next director of england cricket .
bayern munich doctor hans - wilhelm muller - wohlfahrt , 72 , has left the club for almost 40 years .	his son kilian , peter ueblacker and lutz hansel , who are all part of the team at bayern , have also been injured in the champions league .	the bayern munich boss claims the defeat was down to bayern munich 's arjen robben .
reggie ennis - hill has won gold in the world championships in 2012 .	the russian won the gold at the 2011 world championships this year .	ennis - thompson is hoping to win gold at rio olympics .
jessica ennis - hill failed a drugs test two years before the 2009 world championships .	the russian anti - doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from the university of 2011 .
eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships .	eugene farah won gold in the men 's 10000 metres during the 2013 iaaf world athletics championships .	the 2007 event was awarded without a bidding process .
liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay .	liverpool hope to convince depay , 21 , that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the champions league could be crucial to the 23 - goal winger choosing them over united .
ander herrera scores a brace against aston villa on saturday .	the 25 - year - old scored in manchester united 's 2 - 1 win over aston villa .	manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 0 in january .
jessica hands her grandmother patty lawing with the tattoo and it was captured on camera .	her reaction is captured on film by a relative , showing her overcome with emotion at the artwork .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .	the two teams come head - to - head in the second leg of the world cup final .	carlo ancelotti believes his side can cope with luka modric and karim benzema .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 in la liga on tuesday night .	mario mandzukic has scored in the first leg against real madrid .	diego simeone 's side face real madrid in their first leg on tuesday .
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final second leg on saturday .	cristiano ronaldo , sergio ramos , marcelo , marcelo , marcelo and sergio ramos all scored in champions league final .	real beat atletico madrid 0 - 0 in the first leg last week .
traveller missed due to napping include a pink dolphin watching tour and even a nail - biting piranha fishing expedition .	pictures were captured by his cousin roxyde la rosa who posted them on reddit cousin roxy said that her slumbering companion had been to push for the trip .
shaheen pirouz , from denton , texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards .	footage shows him being positioned on his back legs , with his eyes .
jim murphy scored the winning goal in the fight against the tories in the game .	labour 's labour leader jim aikman said the tories could pull off an against - the - odds .
adam johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl .	johnson scored seven times in seven games during a run last season .	johnson scorer of seven goals in as many matches for sunderland .
the 283 per cent rise , which comes after it emerged city were increasing the cost of some season tickets for able - bodied fans from 870 to 1 , 700 , has been strongly criticised by some of those affected .	they claim the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium as part of a wide - ranging re - seating plan .
aston villa could sign cordoba striker florin andone for as little as 2 .	5million . the spanish side are rooted to the bottom of the la liga side .	the romanian is valued at around 6million .
former celtic striker has branded additional official alan muir ' idiotic ' for failing to see a handball by inverness caley thistle defender josh meekings in sunday 's scottish cup semi - final .	meekings is now fighting a ban from the scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the sfa compliance officer .
ronald koeman has called for his players to keep his side on the last five league games .	wanyama , nathaniel clyne and morgan schneidelin brings back memories of the last summer 's europa league season .	ronald koeman says he will not be enforcing media .
frank knight , a lifelong supporter of the oyston family , was banned from the ground because he was forced to pay for 20 , 000 in damages .	the pensioner , who is in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club , has been ordered to make a public apology .
barcelona beat barcelona 2 - 0 in the champions league on saturday .	barcelona beat lazio 3 - 1 at the nou camp in the first round of the season .	lionel messi and luis suarez scored in the second half .
daniel sturridge was left in the stitches by an impersonation of michael owen .	the fa cup semi - final against aston villa at wembley on sunday .	daniel sturridge is a bt sport pundit for liverpool .
cristiano ronaldo and messi will go head - to - head at the end of the season .	the 27 - year - old has scored eight goals in the champions league this season .	barcelona and real madrid have scored eight times in the premier league .
manchester united are in the semi - finals of the champions league semi - final .	javier pique scored the winner for real madrid against monaco .	cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique all in the competition .
manchester united beat manchester united 1 - 0 in the capital one cup semi - final group d clash on tuesday .	the game was 10 against 10 - year - old kurt zouma .	zouma played for manchester united in the box on the game .
zinedine zidane has revealed his admiration for lionel messi and lionel messi .	the real madrid reserve boss was unashamed in his praise for hazard .	eden hazard and eden hazard among those who are spectacular , he says .
former celtic striker has branded additional official alan muir ' idiotic ' for failing to see a handball by inverness caley thistle defender josh meekings in sunday 's scottish cup semi - final .	meekings is now fighting a ban from the scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the sfa compliance officer .
the al rayyan stadium is set to be completed in the early months of 2019 .	the stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk - based courts .
fa cup final was the first world cup final at old trafford for the first time since the fa cup .	the game was held for the last 90 minutes of the match at the home of manchester united .	it will be held in sheffield to greet their heroes .
jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of second - placed arsenal .	chelsea winning the premier league title this season can kick - start a period of dominance in english football for the blues .	jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of second - placed arsenal .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney .	the 27 - year - old was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down despite his embarrassing mishap , shinn was in good spirits after the race .
14 - year - old jonathan pitre doesn't scream in pain .	jonathan says he could not get through life without his mother tina who carries and feeds him ' you never know exactly what eb is unless you have it ' .	jonathan says frankly: ' i just have to get on with it .
the video , filmed in moon park , odessa , sees film - makers hide in the bushes while the ' vampire girl ' preys on unsuspecting passers - by .	the young girl dressed in a white , waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming , causing them to run off in terror .
the 31 - year - old was being sued for $5 , 000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend , who said she will counter - sue for injuries sustained while watching karo 's music video but within hours kutcher had posted a video - obtained by tmz - pointing out some of the holes in karo 's story .
jordan henderson has committed his long - term future to the club .	he was lined up and lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign the midfielder .	he has been rewarded with a new five - year contract at the end of the season .
terri hernandez says she grew close to ursula lloyd over the trial of her son 's trial .	she shared with ursula lloyd , the mother of odin lloyd over her death .	lloyd refused to comment on hernandez 's interview .
warning: graphic content .	footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday .	the fight spills onto the tracks when one of the suspected attackers falls onto the line during the confrontation .
pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and has led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe .	pusok says he had been handcuffed for ' 99 per cent ' of the beating .
the enormous 20 , 000 sq ft mansion in the show is listed at $13 million .	the house is as an owner of the show , which is trying to build the house .
authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men .	two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition .
bayern munich beat turkey 6 - 1 to win the top of the premier league .	pep guardiola 's side won a 6 - 0 win over porto in the last night 's win over turkey .	dermot o'leary rarely wears a close - fitting tom ford suit .
michelle obama , 51 , gave michelle obama her age and 51 - year - old the little girl .	she told her she was 51 - years - old anya brodie ' [UNK] .
youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest .	footage shows the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot .
witnesses to the abduction say four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car .	the animal was found in a ' sea lion ' in a dockweiler state beach , the animal .
the ' first of its kind ' developed by elbit systems working with the israeli ministry of defense .	it is thought the system will cost around 2 .	3million ( $3 .	5m ) .
spartak moscow supporters have been banned from two away games .	spartak moscow lost his appeal against sanctions for a racist banner .	spartak are fined 2 , 500 and had an appeal against spartak moscow .
the nine - year - old girl was savaged by the animal in namtsy , siberia .	the girl was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked .	the circus is believed to have left namtsy - one of the coldest places in the world .
pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo , china 's equivalent of phone .	the accident happened on the road on the rainbow plaza roundabout .	it 's unclear whether or not this is a military tank serving the government .
liverpool beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the semi - final at wembley on saturday .	brendan rodgers ' side face aston villa in the premier league on saturday in the fa cup quarter - final .	henderson is expected to make his first appearance since his contract expires at the end of the season .	click here for liverpool news .
the 34 - year - old midfielder says he wants to take up a career in motorsport .	the manchester united midfielder wants to emulate the legend 's longevity .	carrick is not planning to be playing for many more years .
ronald koeman is looking forward to this weekend 's ' special ' match .	the former argentina defender ended a 16 - month spell at white hart lane .	koeman praised the ' great job ' predecessor mauricio pochettino .	koeman says he is the coach of southampton .
harry kane has been in superb form this season .	fa chairman greg dyke says he wants to play for his country .	tottenham and england have been in talks for the foreseeable future .
kyle walker faces another two weeks on the sidelines after picking up an injury against burnley earlier this month .	tottenham 's kyle walker is expected to be sidelined for a further four weeks as he faces another four weeks out .
andrea dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods on april 7 .	the 33 - year - old was arrested at harrods in knightsbridge on april 14 .	dossena was accused of shoplifting from harrods in the knightsbridge .
manchester united are interested in signing nemanja vidic .	the italy international has not had the best of times in the premier league .	the 22 - year - old is wanted by liverpool and manchester united .	manchester united keen on mats hummels and ilkay gundogan .
jordon ibe is poised to sign a new five - year contract with liverpool by the end of the week .	ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county but returned to liverpool in january .	liverpool also expect to announce jordan henderson 's new contract this week .
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a third straight season without a trophy .	the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager .	liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand .
jack grealish inspired tim sherwood 's team to their fa cup semi - final win over liverpool on sunday .	the 19 - year - old is at the centre of a tug - of - war .
teresa bullock captured the two - minute video of her 18 - year - old macaque monkey .	the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink with a pair of tweezers .	the clip is the best part of her day .
paris saint - germain are interested in edinson cavani and edinson cavani .	cavani is a target for manchester united in the premier league on monday .	cavani has not been selling the striker .
tottenham are interested in the german midfielder julian weigl .	the 19 - year - old is captain of the club and has a buy - out clause of 2 .	5million . weigl is attracting interest from tottenham juventus and borussia dortmund .
the kit will be worn by the women 's team at this summer 's world cup .	the german flag is yellow , red and black and yellow , yellow , on the kit .	the kit is worn by nike 's team .
trucker caught on camera after incident on the m6 on sunday .	the crash happened on the path of the van before moving across the front of the crash .	the footage was posted on shropshire - based facebook users .
father - of - two paul doyle , 56 , moved his family into a 820 , 000 home in altrincham , cheshire .	he put down a 200 , 000 deposit and obtained a 600 , 000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife jeanette , 49 , worked as a company executive .
ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton 's players to refocus their minds on the last five games .	morgan schneiderlin , nathaniel clyne and jay rodriguez have all been linked with a move away .	manchester united are interested in signing victor wanyama .
73 - year - old had lived and breathed football since making his senior debut at the age of just 16 , was famous not just for the trophies won his haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily britains most successful ever manager .
gary deegan caught dens defender gary deegan high on his right shin .	referee craig charleston was not able to charge gary irvine on the incident .	the referee had a view of the incident but not to catch minor things .
aston villa are relegated to the premier league this summer .	the 52 - year - old is the right man to bring long - term success to loftus road .	the former tottenham boss believes he is not feeling the pressure .
claims of referee steven mclean and his five assistants that they failed to see the handball by inverness player josh meekings which denied celtic a penalty , a red card , possibly even a crack at the treble , struck many at parkhead as dubious .	so dubious they fired off a letter seeking clarification from the sfa .
chris ramsey insists he 's happy at queens park rangers and will stay at the club for as long as they want him .	ramsey was handed the managers job until the end of the season after stepping up from his youth development coaching role when harry redknapp resigned in february .	rangers premier league status is hanging by the thread following sundays last - gasp defeat by chelsea at loftus road .
john carver says he and jonas gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on from the training - ground bust - up .	the pair were involved in a disagreement last week and carver took the decision to remove the argentine from the matchday squad .	carver and gutierrez have had a ' conversation , shaken hands ' and are moving on .
floyd mayweather will go head - to - head with manny mayweather in the gym .	the 38 - year - old is expected to pose for a picture with manny pacquiao .	mayweather will return to the fight at the mgm .
justin rose is set to join his state - of - the - art 30 , 000 indoor golf simulator .	rose is not resting on his laurels for his next pga tour event .	the simulator gives the opportunity to practice in hd .
nico rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton takes a corner in sakhir , bahrain ahead of ferrari driver sebastian vettel .	the duo finished 15th and 16th , 1 .	466secs and 1 .	705secs adrift respectively of kimi raikkonen in his ferrari .	in fp2 pace was not their concern as the duo will face in qualifying and the race .
formula one champion lewis hamilton finished first in friday 's bahrain grand prix .	kimi raikkonen finished 16th during friday 's practice session at the end of the practice session .	the finn was followed by ferrari 's kimi raikkonen .
trainer charlie varian insists he has not lost faith in belardo after the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner beat only one home in saturdays greenham stakes .	but varians determination to keep the son of lope de vega away from the fast ground he encountered at newbury means the colt looks more likely to head .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday .	spring has sprung this week and dettori has been bouncing higher than tigger .	in this sort of form , those who suggested his best days were well behind him will eat their words .
ap mccoy finished fifth on shutthefrontdoor in the grand national .	mccoy has three rides at ayr today - sea lord , upsilon bleu and lettheriverrundry but then is not expected to ride again until the sandown next weekend .
aaron cruden has refused to give up hope of appearing in this year 's world cup .	the 26 - year - old will be out for six months in the coming weeks .	aaron cruden is almost certain to miss the world cup on wednesday .
saracens director of rugby mark mccall saw his side , which contained five english - qualified forwards in the starting post - world cup .	mark mccall said he has no intention of ' overspending in a world cup ' world cup transfer market .	saracens director nigel mccall said the cap should be scrapped .
gloucester winger jonny may is hoping to get over being dropped by england with victory in next months challenge cup final .	the cherry and whites now face edinburgh at the twickenham stoop on may 1 and could claim their first european trophy since 2006 .	for may , who was overlooked for the last three rounds of the rbs 6 nations , it is the ideal stage to boost his world cup selection chances .
england have a good day on tuesday at the start of the second test in the first test on tuesday .	jos buttler is the sort of bowler who almost takes the pitch out of the equation .
ben stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard - fought first day of the second test .	the durham all - rounder struck immediately when he came on to bowl .	he was embroiled in a dispute with marlon stokes .
steven finn was overlooked for the west indies tour in west indies .	the 26 - year - old has spent time since the world cup working on his run - up .	finn says he 's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form .
pakistan all - rounder mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a man in the first test against new zealand in abu dhabi .	he was ruled out of the global tournament in australia and new zealand .	hafeez can resume bowling in the world cup , but injured his 34 - year - old .
england removed both west indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain - shortened opening session of the second test in grenada but the under - pressure visitors has a major stroke of fortune .	anderson was close to a second when darren bravo , defending on the back foot , sent a thick edge in the direction of third slip .
sir bradley wiggins will be riding for hiseponymous team at theinaugural tour de yorkshire next month .	the four - time olympic champion left team sky after paris - roubaix on april 12 .	wiggins , the 2012 tour de france winner , was not selected in team sky 's 2014 squad for the race when it began in yorkshire .
kyrie irving scored 30 points for atlanta in the first - round match at cleveland cavaliers on sunday .	the memphis grizzlies beat brooklyn nets 99 - 92 in the final on sunday in the second half .
the 37 - year - old survived a 10 - 8 first - round victory over ricky walden .	graeme dott survived a series of twitches close to the winning line .	graeme higgins survived a three - year victory over the world championships .
west brom beat crystal palace 2 - 0 in the premier league last season .	alan pardew 's side lost the lead in the west brom 2 - 1 in the fa cup last season on the day of the season at the etihad stadium on saturday .	tony pulis said he could not be able to deliver a penalty in the match .
leighton baines reveals that he doesn't know any of one direction 's hit songs .	he is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys .	baines reveals he is a ' good [UNK] .
southampton beat southampton 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	graziano pelle scored his first goal in the first half for a clash with southampton .	james ward - prowse scored a penalty in the second half in the last minute .
tonny elia is keen to make the move to st mary 's this summer .	the 20 - year - old has won 11 senior caps for holland .	southampton are also monitoring his team - mate .
southampton beat southampton 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	the stoke city beat ronald koeman 's side 2 - 0 in the europa league .	mame biram diouf scored his first goal of the game against southampton .	mame diouf and charlie adam were the target for the top four .
sunderland are trailing former wigan striker franco di santo .	the argentine is playing for werder bremen and has scored 13 goals in 22 games this season .	the bundesliga side want 8million for the 26 - year - old who sunderland sporting director lee congerton knows well from his time at chelsea .
west brom beat west bromwich albion 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	the 57 - year - old says he will never make the match at the end of the season .	west brom have won three points against west brom .	click here for more manchester united news .
walter smith was put on gardening leave just before christmas .	the 67 - year - old was pleased to raise money for testicular cancer .	the former motherwell boss was appointed rangers manager in march .
the 30 - year - old played a pivotal part in the catalan club 's 2 - 0 second - leg win over psg in the premier league this week .	andres iniesta says he has been unhappy with his form for barcelona this season .	iniesta was typically modest about his fourth assist in europe .
the anfield boss was fined at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a 69 , 950 terrace house in accrington , lancashire , with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden .	however , hyndburn borough council , which took the action , said in a subsequent statement that both rodgers and co - owner judith o'hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing .
jack grealish has been impressed with the republic of ireland and england .	the 19 - year - old has played for aston villa in the premier league on sunday .	grealish is expected to choose between ireland and liverpool at the end of the season .
per mertesacker looks set to be ruled out of fa cup semi - final against chelsea .	per mertesacker is expected to miss the second half of the fa cup .	there were fears of a serious injury for the gunners .
birmingham beat birmingham 2 - 0 at wembley on tuesday night .	birmingham lost 2 - 1 to birmingham in the premier league on wednesday night .	reading dominated most of the match , but the first half of the game .
gary gardner scored a stunning free - kick against watford at the city ground .	the 22 - year - old is keen to see gardner , a former england under - 21 player .	gardner has a successful loan spell at nottingham forest .
aston villa beat liverpool in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .	tim sherwood 's decision to keep faith in the competition with the republic of ireland .	shay given to the liverpool clash in the premier league on saturday evening .
luongo luongo was player of the tournament during australia 's successful asian cup in january .	the 22 - year - old creator has decided to play in the premier league next season .	luongo made his only appearance for swindon .
micky adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season when he was fired on sunday by tranmere , rock bottom of the football league .	forty sackings were recorded by the league managers association before the end of march , which was an all - time high , and the trend is set to smash its previous record of 46 .
blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week 's championship match with reading lewis had to wear the signed shirt because the club had no spares , midfielder andrea orlandi has revealed .	the club 's relegation from the championship was confirmed last week following rotherham 's 1 - 0 win over brighton .
blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1 - 1 draw at bloomfield road .	the bottom - of - the - table blackpool beat blackpool 2 - 1 in the premier league .	chairman karl oyston was the target of his criticism .
lee clark admits a ' challenge to win back ' stay - away fans after a 1 - 1 draw with reading , hurling t - shirts at the start of the main entrance to the west .
real madrid beat malaga 3 - 1 in la liga .	cristiano ronaldo , cristiano ronaldo and cristiano ronaldo .	ronaldo , ronaldo and lionel messi and diego costa amongst cristiano ronaldo for cristiano ronaldo as real madrid .
barca have confirmed he had to miss saturday 's la liga clash with psg .	the barca midfielder had to be replaced by the club for the first half of the season .	iniesta has not yet confirmed he could miss the game .
ipswich beat ipswich 1 - 1 in their premier league clash in the premier league .	benik afobe scored 19 goals on loan at mk dons in the summer of the season .	afobe scored his first goal of the game against ipswich in the last - half - time .
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league this season .	jose mourinho 's team are the most likely to protest decisions .	mourinho 's back room staff are rated second - worst for the game .
warning by british transport police chief constable paul crowther .	he came ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem .	supporters were filmed directing racist abuse towards a black passenger .
pye applied for the role after paul lambert was sacked in february .	the six - year - old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus .	pye was pipped to the post by paul lambert .
daniel sturridge was left out of the semi - final at anfield on sunday .	the liverpool striker faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup .	brendan rodgers said his star striker would be monitored ahead of the wembley .
liverpool 's opener in the first half at anfield ( 4 - 3 - 3 ): mignolet 7; johnson 6 , lovren 5 .	5 , lucas 7; ibe 6 .	5 . raheem sterling cuts in from the left to score .	ian ladyman at anfield raheem sterling 's cuts .
kevin pietersen suffered an early - season setback after he was taken off as a precaution at the parks after being hit on the hand whilst fielding close - in during oxford 's second innings .	the surrey batsman stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field .	pietersen was fielding at leg slip off the bowling of gareth batty .
gareth bale has been linked with english clubs including manchester united and real madrid .	the 25 - year - old has been urged to ignore a return to the premier league and persevere at real madrid by former wales boss mark hughes .	hughes believes bale should stay with los blancos .
giorgio chiellini 's first - leg win against monaco on wednesday night .	the 30 - year - old centre - back committed a deliberate handball in the last minute of the champions league quarter - final second - leg against monaco .	juve are on course to progress to the final of thecoppa louis [UNK] .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 against real madrid in the champions league quarter - final second leg .	jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone 's type of football which would not impress the three premier league giants .	simeone insists the style of football would attract arsenal , manchester united and city .
richard eckersley made a move to mls side new york red devils .	the 26 - year - old begun his career at the red devils but after failing to make a move .	eckersley is training with la liga side elche .
emad sahabi suffered broken ankle while playing for al orubah against al orubah .	the midfielder 's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball - much to the horror of his team .
psv beat heerenveen 4 - 1 to win the dutch championship on saturday .	psv beat psv eindhoven 3 - placed vitesse in the europa league playoffs .	psv eindhoven beat heerenveen kazaishvili 4 - 0 to win .
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2 - 0 to close in on the bundesliga title .	sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute and hoffenheim 's andreas beck .	dortmund beat schalke 3 - 0 on saturday .
inter milan beat inter milan 2 - 1 in the first half in the premier league on the verge of the second - half - third round - the - 1 - 1 draw at the san siro on wednesday night .	both sides are present at the etihad stadium in the next few minutes of the last - half of the game .	inter milan were bowled out for the first time in the last eight minutes .
jurgen klopp will leave the club at the end of the season .	pierre - emerick aubameyang and shinji kagawa were on target .	jurgen klopp 's side have lost their two previous matches against borrusia .
eden hazard scored a goal in a 1 - 0 win against manchester united in the premier league on saturday .	eden hazard and radamel falcao made the lead in the first half of the season .
gareth mccleary 's second - half header gave arsenal a 2 - 1 victory in the second half .	arsenal striker danny welbeck scored the only goal of the line - up .	gareth federici equalised for arsenal in the first half of the game in the last two games .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	eden hazard scored a goal in the first half in the 38th minute .	branislav ivanovic was sent off for the second half .
bayern munich beat porto 3 - 1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter - final .	the 69 - year - old did not hide his feelings after the game .	the bundesliga champions beat the champions league title .
daryl janmaat came off the bench in holland 's world cup semi - final penalty shootout loss to argentina .	the 25 - year - old sit seven points clear of the relegation zone with five games .
the protest will take place at stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday .	the photo has been organised by chelsea supporters trust and playfair qatar .	chelsea supporters are being invited to take part in a protest photo aimed at improving rights .
prince ali said he could envisage a world cup being played in the world cup .	prince ali has also warned against any decision on expanding the 2026 world cup which is being held in 2020 .
the 24 - year - old spent four years at the start of the season on a one - year deal .	the former newcastle striker has been awol since the end of november .	he has been charged with common assault in the summer of the year .
frank knight , a lifelong supporter of the oyston family , was banned from the ground because he was forced to pay for 20 , 000 in damages .	the pensioner , who is in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club , has been ordered to make a public apology .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours .	the trees are usually successful in avoiding the amount of self - pollination .	professor warren said: ' the whole elaborate flowering behaviour' .
london - based lawyer 's wardrobe has gone from strength - to - strength since she tied the knot with george clooney in venice , italy , last september .	from elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos , the 37 - year - old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right .
video shows ' we will burn america' , the video calls on supporters to attack the u.s. on its own soil , while claiming its citizens ' sense of safety is a ' mujahideen ' .	the video shows footage of the planes hitting the world trade centre in the wake of isis - managed to carry out the 9/11 twin tower attacks .
eden hazard and harry kane have 29 goals in the premier league .	the 21 - year - old has been manchester united 's top scorer in the season .	hazard has scored 13 goals in all competitions for the first season .
harry kane has scored 19 goals in 19 premier league appearances this season .	the 21 - year - old has been in fantastic form for chelsea in the premier league .	raheem sterling has been nominated for the award .
bayern munich beat manchester city 2 - 1 in the premier league on tuesday night .	bayern munich drew 0 - 0 in the first leg of the champions league last year .	quaresma scored the only goal in the last four years of the game in the second half .
west indies beat england 2 - 1 at the west indies on thursday night .	west indies grafted their way to form with a target of 114 .	ballance and jos indies all scored in the first test .
steve davis and dennis taylor pose with the trophy before their world snooker final in 1985 davis was leading the final 8 - 0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day taylor .
aston villa host aston villa in the premier league on saturday .	tim sherwood is still in touch with tottenham chairman daniel levy .	the striker was sent off in the last fixture between tottenham and qpr .
aston villa host aston villa 2 - 0 in premier league clash with aston villa .	aston villa beat aston villa 1 - 0 at white hart lane on sunday .	tottenham hotspur face aston villa in their premier league .
swansea host everton in the premier league on sunday in the sunday 's premier league .	the game will be held at the weekend at the etihad stadium on saturday .	swansea city vs everton vs everton .
daniel levy is set to return to white hart lane for the first time with his new team .	the 46 - year - old has known him for a lot of years , saying he would ' shake their hands ' .	sherwood will return to the club in the premier league on saturday .
john goodwin , of atkinson , shot himself near his car outside the rockingham county superior courthouse in brentwood on friday .	the jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75 - year - old 's case .
the body farm , which would be located in lithia , is a ' body farm ' in hillsborough county sheriff 's office .	the facility is a training center in east hillsborough county , pasco , florida .
melissa plancarte was filmed doing her midnight flit in the mexico 's michoacan state courthouse for her pop star .	she was in charge of a drugs cartel known for hanging its victims by the neck from motorway bridges .
the mother of a baby son was born with deformed hands and feet in china .	she has now run out of cash and cant even afford corrective surgery .	but she is now six - and - a - half months and is in poverty .
britt mchenry , a single mother - of - three , left it overnight on easter weekend .	she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .	but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment .
the 21 - year - old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming ' i don't like mens no more ' .	he claims he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar , st .	louis . he said he ' don't like women , women , women!
spanish pablo , 27 , and latvian ilze , 31 , and latvian ilze , 31 , met in riga in 2011 , are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open - ended odyssey on the road .	in 356 days so far theyve covered almost 7 , 000 miles ( 11 , 131 .	in 356 days so far theyve covered almost 7 , 000 miles ( 11 , 131 .
the sea turtle pulled off the camera - bomb ever .	it is thought to be the best photo - bomb in de jesus 's group photo .	the photo - bombed , ' de jesus ' is the latest photo - suicide .
david rush , 33 , from lisburn , northern ireland , felt he ' shouldn't go out ' because of his size .	now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs - down from the size of a stone .
stan cole , an iraq veteran , captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in loraine , western texas .	he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a thunderstorm .
the video , which has been viewed 600 , 000 times , features new parents sharing their tips called extra storage space .	the video has already been viewed almost 600 , [UNK] times and blends practical advice with the odd tear - jerking .
formula one world champion hamilton has overtaken jenson button to be in second place in the 2015 sunday times sport rich list .	hamilton is top of the 2015 sunday times sport rich list with a fortune of 88million hamilton and actress olivia munn film scenes in rome for zoolander 2 on friday .	hamilton was sat front row with olivia munn and busily chatting in between takes for the film which will be released in february 2016 .
liverpool striker daniel sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order .	brendan rodgers ' intention to sign a top striker in the premier league .	liverpool striker divock origi will return to liverpool this summer .	sturridge has been hampered by injury problems and has been linked .
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when the time comes .	giggs has been van gaal 's assistant since the dutchman took over at old trafford last summer .	the welshman made a record 963 appearances for united during his glittering playing career , which stretched to 25 years .
west indies beat west indies in the final on the first leg of the last - 16 clash in the last day of the first test in the next week to play in the second - half .	ben stokes scored the first time for england in the first half .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15 - year - old girl and one of grooming and could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty .	johnson is set to feature in the premier league on thursday .	the club have been branded ' disgraceful ' by the decision .
manchester united have offered david de gea to stay at old trafford .	the 24 - year - old will move back to spain to join real madrid on a free transfer .	louis van gaal will return to the club to join the club .
manchester united are closing in on a 20 .	5m deal for borussia dortmund .	ilkay gundogan is the leading contender to fill michael carrick 's midfield role .	the 24 - year - old is the perfect replacement for current midfielder .
klitschko will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years .	he has been working on the top of the world 's world champion .	klitschko has won gold in madison square garden .
the 20 - time champion was booked for mr mole in the bet365 handicap hurdle .	his last ever mount will be box office in the feature bet365 gold - up .	mccoy won the season at sandown on saturday .
mazda had careered off the front door of the home in crossgates , leeds .	no - one was serious injured in the crash .	police say the occupants of the house had a lucky escape .
the study of 1 , 302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day , which almost doubled to 3 .	9 hours before they retire - but it comes to sharing the burden .
the masked 31 - year - old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant andrea brighty , but he did not see owner sab dhillon 's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor , sending shelves and produce tumbling .	mr dhillon 's wife sam helped , hitting him twice with a baseball bat to make him drop the weapon .
jesse o'brien was taken by his mum heidi , 37 , to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs .	he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness .
dr thomas arnold is credited with transforming rugby school 's values .	the school is known as the spiritual home of the game , with the ' muscular christianity ' .	school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport .
dan potts header and adam drury 's own goal gave west ham a two - goal lead before olivier ntcham pulled back a goal for city , but it was not enough .	patrick vieira 's side were missing a number of players who were busy preparing for monday night 's fa youth cup final second leg against chelsea .
jose mourinho 's side lost 3 - 1 to monaco in the champions league .	jose mourinho has scored 13 goals for chelsea in the premier league .	arsenal beat arsenal 3 - 3 to monaco last year .
arsene wenger insists he isnt haunted by his decision to back out of signing eden hazard in 2012 .	talks got to such an advanced stage that hazards agent discussed the move with wenger in the arsenal managers house .	the frenchman ultimately ruled he could not compete financially with chelsea , who landed this seasons standout player for 32million .
manchester city host real madrid in the champions league on wednesday .	the 23 - year - old had a choice of real madrid or manchester city .	he joined real madrid from malaga in the summer of 2013 .
emmanuel adebayor could be allowed to leave the club on a free transfer in the summer .	the togolese 's move to spurs has proved a massive financial burden for the north london club , who pay the forward 100 , 000 - per - week .	although , the club would still preferably receive a fee for the striker .
francis coquelin is confident he can show his potential as arsenal 's long - term midfield enforcer when he goes head to head with ' unbelievable ' nemanja matic in sunday 's barclays premier league showdown with chelsea at the emirates stadium .	coquelin was drafted back into the arsenal squad from a loan spell at charlton in december , since when the 23 - year - old has gone on to cement his place in shielding the back four , and has been instrumental during a run of 21 victories from the last 25 matches .
jose mourinho 's side beat arsenal 6 - 0 at stamford bridge last season .	mourinho said he was ' visibly surprised ' by a ' top question ' .	chelsea beat arsenal 3 - 0 in their premier league clash .
mark selby won the betfred world championship at the world championship .	selby won 13 - 9 at the crucible semi - final on sunday .	the defending champion was a 16th man to win the title .
pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 .	real madrid face barcelona in the champions league semi - finals .	the first legs will take place on may 5/6 with the returns the following week .
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi - finals .	the bayern munich boss has said he has to start trying to work out a way to stop lionel messi next month .	he has admitted that the four - time ballon d'or winner .
manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .	where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .	in this , the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i recall when a hard man could take no more .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on thursday .	the fight is expected to take place at the meeting between manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather .	mayweather will be on sale on thursday after weeks of wrangling .
rafa benitez 's napoli will play dnipro in the semi - finals of europa league semi - final .	napoli and fiorentina are both in the premier league on the europa league .	napoli will take place in the warsaw europa league final .
joe root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the west indies .	the 24 - year - old made his way back to the pavilion on day four of the second innings in grenada .
sam burgess scored the winner for the visitors in the second half .	bath winger matt banahan scored the first goal of the game .	bath flanker matt garvey scored a late consolation for the exiles .
england face england in the premier league on sunday at the end of the game .	joe root admitted pitches in the third match in the morning session .	root lifted the lid on his way to deal with a cluster of wickets .	england lost 1 - 0 to the second leg in the final .
joe root is the second fastest englishman to reach 2 , 000 test runs .	the england pair will fly from barbados to the first one - day era .	england all - rounder will fly straight to dublin .
jurgen klopp has announced he will leave borussia dortmund for the premier league .	jurgen klopp 's side are on the lookout for a new manager at the end of the season .	brendan rodgers has confirmed he is bound for borussia dortmund .
liverpool face liverpool in the 2014 world cup in liverpool this season .	divock origi has been signed by liverpool in a 30m deal with the club .	the belgium striker is eagerly awaited the liverpool move .
alex song believes rigobert song is a similar character to carlos puyol .	he is a captain and a leader in the premier league on the fantasy football club .	song has also played for arsenal and cameroon at the world cup .
paula radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot .	she will set off with the masses rather than the elite runners .	the former world record run in london in 2003 will not be far from her .
sportsmail 's guide takes you through the permutations in the championship , league one , league two and the conference .	watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win .	the situation at the bottom is complicated by rotherham 's three - point deduction .
usain bolt says tyson gay 's reduced ban is ' the stupidest thing i've ever heard ' .	bolt says he felt ' let down ' by the american sprinter .	bolt said he used to respect gay as a competitor for the sport .
bayern munich beat atletico madrid 3 - 1 in the copa del rey final .	real madrid will feel they can win the champions league title .	bayern munich and real madrid have won their champions league .
cesc fabregas joined barcelona from barcelona in the summer .	he was playing for barcelona at barcelona in september .	he played for lionel messi and arsene wenger for the first time .	click here for all the latest fabregas .
england will face england and wales in crunch pool games in the world cup .	clive woodward is set to feature for england and england in the premier league .	matt youngs and matt giteau are set to play in the forwards .
southampton host tottenham in the premier league on saturday .	southampton have failed to beat since their premier league return .	steven davis believes the players ' knowledge of pochettino 's methods can help them .
millers fielded derby defender farrend rawson in their 1 - 0 win over brighton on easter monday .	the football league maintain the paperwork for his extension wasnt handled properly .	they have until may 1 to appeal the decision and should have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished .
jamie carragher says he does not listen to those who have a ' problem ' .	newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone in the premier league .	michael owen and jamie carragher have played hundreds of premier league games .
wayne rooney was seen filling up his 100 , 000 overfinch range rover .	the 29 - year - old was unable to help his side 's loss to chelsea .	england captain was disappointed with the result .
chelsea drew 1 - 0 to manchester city at stamford bridge in the premier league .	jose mourinho says he was not playing at the club 's club 's game .	chelsea boss jose mourinho admits his side were ' confused ' and ' thoughts ' .	fellaini has apologised and said he was ' [UNK] .
patrick bamford , joe garner and danny mayor were crowned their division 's player of the year on sunday , the football league has revealed the players who were nipping at their heels for the honour .	bristol city 's daryl murphy was third in the voting with the championship award .
ex - manchester united striker went out for 1 - 0 win at manchester united .	giggs , paul scholes , neville , gary neville , eden hazard , gary cole and cole wrote to his side 's great team - mates .	cole said he was in ' great [UNK] .
memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 games so far this season .	the 21 - year - old has scored a hat - trick for manchester united .	manchester united boss louis van gaal 's world cup campaign .
tim howard joined everton in the community 's powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre last week .	the u .	s international joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game .
the 38 - year - old splashed out on manny pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas .	he is expected to get 120million for the fight with manny pacquiao .	his collection includes two different bugatti veyrons , a bugatti veyron .
the 19 - year - old said: ' thanks for the messages!!! '	aston villa boss tim sherwood included grealish in his starting line - up following the teenager 's impressive displays against queens park rangers and tottenham .	brad guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match grealish warms up alongside fabian delph and scott sinclair .
paris saint - germain beat marseille 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	thiago silva is recuperating from a thigh injury and will miss the game .	zlatan ibrahimovic , marco verratti and thiago silva are out for the trip .
eugenie bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play - off against romania this weekend .	the canadian star faces world no 66 in her first contest .	bouchard declines to shake hands with alexandra dulgheru .
javier hernandez scores the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter - final between the madrid neighbours hernandez runs away in celebration .	atletico madrid were forced to play with 10 men atletico madrid players protest the second yellow card shown to turan which left the visitors up against it at the bernabeu as hernandez sneaked the winner against their neighbouring rivals ronaldo clenches his fists as he celebrates his side taking an all - important lead .
juventus beat monaco 3 - 0 in the first leg of the game 's first leg in serie a to the champions league final in 5 - 0 .	massimiliano allegri raced into the semi - final with the martial for the first time in the second leg .
rovers were beaten by paris saint - germain in the premier league on easter monday .	the striker scored the opening goal for rovers in the second half .	rudy gestede scored the only goal as a substitute in the 68th minute .
floyd mayweather has earned more than $400 million in his career .	he has been called in the small hour of the morning by the boxer .	he also has a vast collection of super cars , private jet and jewellery .	mayweather has now earned $500 , 000 on jewellery .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on thursday .	the fight is expected to take place at the meeting between manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather .	mayweather will be on sale on thursday after weeks of wrangling .
memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united as the club look to tie up a move for the psv eindhoven winger .	depay , 21 , jetted to england with representatives including his agent kees ploegsma for a summit with a united delegation .	united are leading the hunt for the pacy holland international but face opposition from paris saint - germain .
dietmar hamann believes bastian schweinsteiger should leave bayern munich at the end of the season .	hamann believes schweinsteiger will leave bayern this summer .	hamann says schweinsteiger faces uncertain future at bayern munich .	click here for more bayern news .
barcelona will play bayern munich in the champions league semi - finals .	the four teams have combined to win the european cup or champions league 21 times .	the final will be played on june 6 at the olympic stadium in berlin .
real madrid will not take up their 7 .	5m deal with real madrid .	manchester united and real madrid are interested in the 26 - year - old .	javier hernandez is wanted by real madrid on wednesday .
young is known for being the resident dj at the red devils , but he admitted to being under strict orders from manager louis van gaal to play a house and funky house music .	the dutch master of ceremonies loves nothing better than to listen to a funky house .
patrick bamford , joe garner and danny mayor were crowned their division 's player of the year on sunday , the football league has revealed the players who were nipping at their heels for the honour .	bristol city 's daryl murphy was third in the voting with the championship award .
lionel messi , neymar jnr and luis suarez have scored 98 goals in the 2010 - 09 season .	messi , samuel eto'o , luis suarez , neymar and samuel eto'o both scored in the 2008 - 11 win over real madrid on saturday .	messi has had his fair share of highly controversial incidents .
manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .	where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .	in this , the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i recall when a hard man could take no more .
manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .	where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .	in this , the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i recall when a hard man could take no more .
the monuments of kathmandu , the capital of nepal , are recognised as a unesco world heritage site because of their unique architecture .	but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including towers and temples , now lie in rubble after a 7 .	8 magnitude earthquake hit the country yesterday morning .
floyd mayweather will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .	jeffries is the first champion to take on jack johnson , the first heavyweight champion , as the first black world heavyweight champion .
floyd mayweather will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .	jeffries is the first champion to take on jack johnson , the first heavyweight champion , as the first black world heavyweight champion .
floyd mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world , nicknamed ' money ' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance .	mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world , nicknamed ' money ' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance .
aston villa host aston villa in the premier league on saturday .	chris pearson 's side face burnley at the top of the table .	qpr boss chris pearson believes they will avoid relegation .
cesc fabregas has scored 19 premier league goals this season .	eden hazard is in line to be named pfa player of the year this week .	chelsea trained at their cobham training session at cobham on friday .	costa is expected to make his first return to the emirates .
former celtic striker has branded additional official alan muir ' idiotic ' for failing to see a handball by inverness caley thistle defender josh meekings in sunday 's scottish cup semi - final .	meekings is now fighting a ban from the scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the sfa compliance officer .
arsenal host aston villa in the fa cup third round on may 30 .	tim sherwood 's side won the pre - match coin against liverpool in 1971 .	arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip in the final .
the tigers are fourth - bottom of the premier league with one of the toughest run - ins facing them , and hull manager bruce said all players ' contracts have been set up to protect the club financially in the event of relegation .
raheem sterling insists he has not been affected by the criticism .	the 20 - year - old insists he is immune to the negative comments .	sterling is wanted by all the premier league 's football club .
hugo lloris is subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year .	the france international has also been watched by chelsea and valencia .	valencia and valencia are unlikely to sign kevin mirallas .
rafael has been ruled out of the remaining five games of the season with a rib injury , and van gaal expects to be without michael carrick , phil jones , marcos rojo and daley blind for the trip to goodison after all four players missed the defeat at chelsea .	fellaini , who followed manager david moyes to old trafford in the summer of 2013 , is set for a more hostile reception than juan mata received at his old club chelsea last weekend .	the belgium international became a symbol for the failure of the moyes era .
bristol rovers lost less than an hour in the league two months after the first time since 1920 darrell clarke was distraught at the end of the season .	the budget was the last hour of the football league .
hartlepool fans have received a number of complaints from hartlepool fans .	hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as bob marley for the final game of the season .	carlisle united and carlisle are interested in hartlepool .
chelsea are set to follow tottenhams lead and take part in a post - season friendly down under in june .	jose mourinhos side could face sydney at the anz stadium on june 2 - days after spurs fixture against the same side .	chelsea are expected to arrive in australia as top - flight champions .
didier drogba has been forced to settle for a bit - part role at stamford bridge this season after the summer arrivals of diego costa and loic remy .	the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012 , signing a 12 month deal .	but the blues legend 's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract .
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal .	the 16 - year - old played for france at the etihad stadium on saturday .	manchester city face aston villa in the premier league .
real madrid will not take up their 7 .	5m deal with real madrid .	manchester united and real madrid are interested in the 26 - year - old .	javier hernandez is wanted by real madrid on wednesday .
four members of the royals and white sox were suspended for two games .	the royals have been suspended for five games each year .	royals have not said whether they will go on the game .	royals and jeff samardzija were suspended indefinitely .
kevin sinfield was on the losing side in the second half .	the rhinos were already trailing 20 - 4 at headingley in 1997 .	warrington forward ben harrison scored his first try for leeds .
wladimir klitschko will face bryant jennings in new york on saturday night .	he is the mandatory challenger to the long - reigning heavyweight champion .	he hopes to lure him to england in the wbo title .
toulon have signed a two - year deal and will join toulon this summer .	bernard foley is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt .	toulon are chasing an unprecedented hat - trick of european .
hudson leishman shot a 6 - under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead .	swafford had an 11 - under 133 total at tpc louisiana .	the first - round leader was at 10 under through 14 holes .
joe burgess scored his first super league hat - trick as wigan secured their first away win of the season .	burgess , who is joining sydney roosters at the end of the year , scored three of the warriors ' seven tries in a 40 - 22 victory in west yorkshire for 18 months - to help his side climb above st helens into second place in the table , at least for 24 hours .
bradford city will mark the 30th anniversary of the bradford fire .	all fixtures in the premier league and football league will observe a minutes silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze .	the top four tiers of the game will be supporting efforts to raise 300 , 000 .
petr cech is the man for the second time in the premier league on the day of the season .	he is the first man to play with chelsea and france national team .	the former chelsea man is the captain of the match .
juventus beat juventus 2 - 0 at stamford bridge on wednesday night .	borussia dortmund beat monaco 3 - 0 in the semi - finals of the champions league .	juventus beat monaco in the last - 16 final on wednesday .
yaya toure is a former side in the premier league on loan at manchester city this summer .	he has been fundamental to city 's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions .	toure has struggled to impose his head against the club in 2010 .
pocock scored a hat - trick of tries for australian super rugby team to win against the highlanders at canberra stadium on her way to a win against pocock .	the brumbies , who was doing jazz hands , was ' jazz hands ' and apologised for being so harsh after the match , pocock said .
sally gordon - smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school in keilor east around 3pm .	she was described by police as caucasian , 150cm tall , with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair .	police confirmed she was still missing early on saturday morning , and were concerned for ms gordon - smith because of her age .
sydney woman , caught out in this week 's super storm , is hoping .	with the rain clearing , a woman known only by her email address as missiesmile21 , has taped posters to the city 's light posts to find the ' tall , charming gentleman ' who offered her his umbrella to cross the street .
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries such as concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord .	professor allyson pollock , an expert in public health at the university of london said these plans were distorted .
the study found that male 5 , 000 metre runners are more competitive than women , according to a new study .	researchers from the university of california found that less than 11 per cent of men opted for their own work .
apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone .	this image shows a bent iphone 6s the material would make the next iphone 60 per cent harder than the iphone 6 , taiwan - based economic daily news reported .
a mouse called ventus x has a built - in honeycomb grill to let geeks continue their gaming adventures without working up a sweat on their hands at least .	the tool is designed to help because sweat can evaporate faster than on a solid surface .
the video was filmed in 2010 by the frenchman 's girlfriend and fellow freediver julie gautier .	it takes place at deans blue hole in the bahamas , the deepest so - called blue .
the seller , called theappleipodbay calls the watch , was released to promote apples mac operating system , a rare collector item .	it is listed on the internet auction site with a buy it now price of $2 , 499 .	99 ( 1 , 707 .	apple ) .
leaked footage shows the rocket appeared to be suffering from ' stiction in the biprop throttle valve , resulting in control system phase lag , with a close - up view of the attempt shot on a barge in the middle of the atlantic .	the video shows the falcon 9 rocket booster on a spaceport in the spaceport .
didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal .	didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal .	didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal .
the short film has been developed on an oculus rift - a virtual reality programme .	it is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water .	the start of the virtual reality headset is based on an actual landing vr .
debris that appeared to fall out of sky over the town of west pittston in luzerne county on monday morning .	residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead , and have complained to the federal aviation administration ( faa ) .
the british passport is the most powerful in the world .	they can sell for as much as 6 , 000 each far more than the 28 fee .	sweden 's passport was among the most expensive of 51 countries .
mark zuckerberg 's views of the future of virtual reality environments are perhaps unsurprising .	facebook 's chief scientist , mike abrash , promised that virtual reality gaming would be coming ' this year ' .	the social media site , oculus , last year , will be able to take in the world 's most virtual reality headset .
gabriel ng spent countless hours filming religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote island of ko samui .	the result is a six - minute video with a fellow filmmaker who filmed most of the scenes on the island of thailand .
zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain with a camera mounted to his helmet .	the skier can be seen falling to the floor as heavy snow from the off - piste slope in around him .
the lucky singleton will be given a round - the - world ticket with stops at five different destinations: new york , rio de janeiro , rome , stockholm and july .	the lucky winner will be inspired by the dating explorer and their followers .
scotland , wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the fa ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman greg dyke , with no warning or consultation .	the fa say they want to send great britain players to the rio olympics without informing the other countries , who put the kybosh on the game .	the ecb are running out of time to clinch a terrestrial highlights .
adam johnson , 27 , has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15 - year - old girl .	he was arrested on monday in county durham on thursday .	johnson was initially arrested on thursday , 2nd march .
sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real madrids dramatic champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday .	ramos is one of those players for whom the old liverpool song about jamie carragher we all dream of a team of carraghers would be appropriate .
iker casillas claims he will stay at real madrid at the bernabeu .	the 33 - year - old claims he is willing to fight for real madrid in the summer .	manchester united no 1 de gea has been linked with a champions league title .
eden hazard was filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand 's ' 5 ' magazine , left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control .	the 24 - year - old will be a key man for jose mourinho 's side as they travel to the emirates stadium on sunday .
a survey of 600 employers and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves .	the worst cv blunder is a massive 46 per cent of the 600 employers who find it annoying .
hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the real housewives of orange county , texas .	katie said there was no ' big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end .
manny pacquiao has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build - up to the training camp in las vegas on saturday .	floyd mayweather is a big fan of the lives of floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .
the husky has an injury to his right rear leg , possibly the result of being hit by a car .	the rspca says he has a special diet to help him gain weight .	he is now being treated by rspca inspectors in adelaide .
51 - year - old fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on thursday night .	she and a friend were initially concerned after hearing someone cutting into the fly screen at her front door .
audrey nethery , from kentucky , has a life - threatening bone marrow condition .	her parents are using videos of her dancing to raise money for her illness .	her family are using the energy to raise funds for thediamond anemia .
lewis hamilton is interviewed by three - time world champion sir jackie stewart .	hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about sir jackie .	hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about sir jackie .
toto wolff says nico rosberg is back to his best in sunday 's bahrain grand prix .	the 30 - year - old is already 27 points adrift of mercedes team - mate sebastian vettel .	nico rosberg and nico rosberg are also in contention for the race .
mick schumacher made his official pre - season test debut in formula 4 .	the 16 - year - old is son of seven - time f1 world champion michael .	mick 's father michaelhas won seven 91 races in formula 1 .
a 66 - year - old man has been charged with a ' breach of the peace ' at the shrine of remembrance in brisbane 's anzac square on saturday .	the man , from palm beach , brisbane , will face brisbane magistrates court on the eve of the 100th anzac day commemoration of the anzac square in adelaide , brisbane .
more than two inches of rain and tennis ball - sized hail stones in just 15 minutes .	hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in angleton on friday night .	more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday .
the cub is clearly distressed and spits at the wildlife experts incoming hand .	the young cub is unable to go forwards or backwards in his hand .	mr cowell distracts the cub from his hand and spits out of the fence .
frankie lucy , nine , from upminster , nine - year - old frankie franz , 32 , took to the garden to have a chance to get the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the catalonia club in the month .	in the past , he moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal .
shannon hayes , 12 , believes one of them has laid the world 's smallest chicken egg in the world .	the 12 - year - old believes her length of 1 .	8cm smaller than a 5p egg shaves two .
us - born jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball at the lord howe island .	the 39 - year - old has been base in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand .
three men , left 215 , 000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding .	three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at deadman 's point in manly , sydney .	on tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11 .	2 metres , according to the manly hydraulics laboratory , but this one later in the day appears even larger .
the 35 - year - old has been training for the london marathon with his wife jessica hamilton .	the pair have been posting an image of himself on the marathon with the pair .	button has been running for mclaren 's london marathon .
lewis hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grand prix in bahrain .	hamilton is congratulated by ferrari rival kimi raikkonen on sunday .	hamilton says he feels more comfortable in the sport .
james wilson said he would want robin van persie 's movement and radamel falcao .	the 19 - year - old has scored one premier league goal this season .	wilson says he would take wayne rooney 's free - movement .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board .	the system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if england are ever going to compete in limited - overs .
stan collymore called joey barton a ' f*****g rat ' during the game .	collymore was in charge of villa 's 3 - 3 draw with qpr on tuesday night .	the former villa star let loose with his wild , and sometimes .
luis suarez 's wife says he didn't bite giorgio chiellini during the world cup in brazil .	he has shone for the la liga side alongside lionel messi and neymar .	the barcelona star has been handed a four - month ban for the incident .
adam johnson , 27 , has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15 - year - old girl .	he was arrested on monday in county durham on thursday .	johnson was initially arrested on thursday , 2nd march .
adam johnson , 27 , has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15 - year - old girl .	he was arrested on monday in county durham on thursday .	johnson was initially arrested on thursday , 2nd march .
adam johnson , 27 , has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15 - year - old girl .	he was arrested on monday in county durham on thursday .	johnson was initially arrested on thursday , 2nd march .
chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first premier league title after another impressive season .	scholes believes the 24 - year - old needs to be more ruthless to be compared with the world 's best players .	scholes says he would vote for hazard aspfa player of the year .
klitschko will match joe louis in boxing 's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on saturday .	the 39 - year - old ukrainian , speaking to reporters ahead of saturday 's fight against american bryant jennings at new york 's madison square garden , has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and shown no signs of slowing down .	but the 30 - year - old challenger from philadelphia is not impressed by klitschko 's accomplishments and plans on starting a new reign .
klitschko faces bryant jennings on april 25 at new york 's madison square garden .	klitschko faces bryant jennings on april 25 at new york 's madison square garden .	he would still need six additional wins to match louis ' record of 25 .
mr mole will be in the grade one celebration chase at sandown on saturday .	he will be ridden by the racing world in the seven - runner line - up .	mr mole is bracketed with irish raider special tiara and nicky mccoy .
ap mccoy won the grand national in 2010 for the first time in 2010 .	he won the cheltenham gold cup for a second time when he steered synchronised home in the 20 - year - old jockey .	mccoy has been recognised as the champion of the year .
chris gayle is currently in india ahead of this year 's ipl tournament .	the 35 - year - old will be hoping to winroyal challengers bangalore 's first - ever ipl campaign .	gayle will face bangalore 's kolkata knight riders on saturday .
wayne rooney 's name at him in the street in an interview with ant and dec .	the england captain says he can find it a ' little tiresome ' to make it a little .
paris saint - germain star teamed up with ezequiel lavezzi to play a ' joker ' .	luiz was known for his wind - up merchant status in the dressing room .	camara was a fringe member of the french squad this season .	luiz is a fringe player of the u.s. .
manny pacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the sun for a touch of hollywood glamour as he appeared on friend mario lopezs .	the pair laughed throughout their interview at universal studios hollywood on april 1 .
the ufcs bantamweight title has been released on april 3 in the uk with her mma skills used to full effect .	the wwe co - owner stephanie mcmahon is a former world judo champion .
maradona put his hand of god to different use as he kept in shape by boxing training .	maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986 .
31 - year - old serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at chelsea and his current deal runs out in 2016 .	chelsea defender branislav ivanovic could be targeted by bayern munich in the january transfer window bayern like ivanovic .
stevan jovetic is keen on bringing stevan jovetic and yaya toure .	the 25 - year - old is interested in manchester city misfit stevan jovetic .	the former manchester city striker is expected to return to italy .
the 23 - year - old says he has never spoken to arsene wenger over a move to the end of the season .	southampton are expected to lose more players in the premier league .	victor wanyama has been linked with southampton fans .
javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night .	the mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final .	real intend to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve .
alan pardew is planning a busy summer in the transfer market .	the 53 - year - old made the shock decision to leave newcastle in january .	crystal palace boss alan pardew said he is happy with the goalkeeper .
radamel falcao is expected to leave the club in the summer .	the 29 - year - old has scored four goals in the premier league 's last season .	the paris saint - germain will have a cheaper alternative to the cavani .
21 year old scored 13 league this season and has also attracted interest from the likes of manchester united , arsenal , paris saint - germain and atletico madrid .	reports in italy suggest that juventus have offered 23million for dybala , who admitted he would love to play alongside andrea pirlo and does not ' speak a word of english or french' .
real madrid host real madrid in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday .	gareth bale is adamant that he wants to stay at real madrid .	the welshman has scored 17 goals for real madrid this season .
patrick de bruyne 's agent expects to go ' around the world ' discussing his client as interest in the wolfsburg midfielder increases ahead of the summer transfer window .	city are keen to sign the ex - chelsea midfielder as they look to reshape their squad but de koster insists no decision has been made and that the 23 - year - old could even remain at the volkswagen arena .
yaya toure has hinted that he is open to ' new challenges ' and will not remain at manchester city just to pick up his 220 , 000 - a - week wages .	toure , who is wanted by his former manager roberto mancini , appears open to a move away from the etihad if the right opportunity presents itself at the end of the season .
marcel desailly has impressed at chelsea 's 1 - 0 win against manchester united .	he has been learning his trade with marcel desailly , marcel desailly and marcel desailly .	he says he has dreams of winning the title .
the 21 - year - old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season .	psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4 - 1 to win the dutch giants in seven years .
arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper .	chelsea shot - stopper looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season after losing the no 1 spot to thibaut courtois .	cech has become chelsea 's first choice goalkeeper after three years on loan at atletico .
manchester city are preparing bids for english trio raheem sterling , ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad .	sterling has refused to sign a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract at anfield , with the player and his advisers believing they can get 150 , 000 elsewhere .
west ham are interested in crystal palace 's james mcarthur .	the 27 - year - old has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances for west ham .	west ham have been impressed by the club 's midfield .
manchester city are monitoring juventus striker alvaro morata .	the spain international was a target for arsenal a year ago .	psg also are one of the frontrunners to sign juve midfielder paul pogba .
danny wilson will leave the club at the end of the season .	the 23 - year - old has been linked with a clause in his contract .	wilson initially joined hearts on loan from liverpool in the summer .
juventus striker carlos tevez has refuted claims suggesting he will rejoin boca juniors in the summer .	the 31 - year - old 's future was thrown into doubt when boca juniors president daniel angelici claimed he was ' close to bringing carlos home ' despite tevez having another year on his current deal .
carlos tevez has stressed he wants to leave the club this summer .	the 31 - year - old has already decided to return to his former club boca juniors in argentina .	the former manchester city striker has netted 17 goals in his last season .
paris saint - germain are interested in edinson cavani and edinson cavani .	cavani is a target for manchester united in the premier league on monday .	cavani has not been selling the striker .
georginio wijnaldum says he has ambition to play for a ' great club ' .	the 24 - year - old has been linked with a move to manchester united , arsenal and newcastle .	the midfielder has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv .
chelsea are interested in signing oscar oscar in action against queens park rangers .	oscar and chelsea beat swansea city 1 - 0 in the premier league last weekend .	carlos tevez has struggled to make an impact for chelsea this season .
carlos tevez is under contract until the end of next season .	tevez has always said he wants to leave the club and return to the club .	he has always made clear that he intends to finish his career at the end .
the record has stood since 1978 - chasing the club 's player of the year .	the defender is in line to get a new contract at the end of the season .	the boys have been one of the contenders for the first time .
patrick bamford is on loan at middlesbrough for the season .	the chelsea youngster has scored 17 goals in his deal at stamford bridge .	chelsea are keen to tie him down to a new deal .
victor moses has returned to chelsea after being ruled out for the season .	the 24 - year - old has gone back to parent club chelsea for treatment .	moses has been watched by chelsea , liverpool and newcastle .
chelsea are looking to sign brazilian starlet nathan manchester city .	nathan is on loan at eintracht frankfurt .	chelsea are interested in chelsea and jose mourinho .	nathan has been in contract with chelsea and chelsea .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer .	the 29 - year - old has also attracted offers from newcastle and swansea .	the swans are interested in schalke 's christian fuchs .
raheem sterling was involved in the liverpool squad at anfield .	the 20 - year - old has been stalling on a new 100 , 000 - per - week deal .	arsene wenger has criticised the likes of jack sterling .
zinedine zidane has ruled out the notion of the club selling gareth bale to manchester united this summer .	bale has endured a difficult second season at real - with fans attacking his car after their el clasico loss at barcelona last month just the tip of the iceberg .	real madrid buy the best players in the world .
manchester city were beaten 4 - 2 by manchester united at old trafford in the premier league .	manchester city have decided to listen to offers for yaya toure and samir nasri this summer .	the city board refuse to give up on the manager .
the 29 - year - old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the premier league .	swansea city have been interested in schalke 's 4 - 3 win over real madrid .	the austria international is outstanding in schalke .
tottenham want nabil bentaleb a new deal for nabil bentaleb .	tottenham are interested in a new contact with mauricio pochettino .	tottenham want to ward off interest from rival mauricio pochettino 's side .
the 55 - year - old lost his bid to become the mayor of tower hamlets in east london days after a four - year legal battle .	mr yousuf has admitted there was no truth to the allegation .
a time lapse video filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am , shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south forcing the partial closure of the t2 airport line .	at one point a worker in a high - vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo .
grace joy roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib and a safety ridge cut off the oxygen to her brain .	coroner said urgent action should be taken to prevent future deaths .
the pull was cancelled by itv last year after more than 60 , 000 people signed an open letter condemning o'reilly for his ' sexist and degrading ' comedy .	he joked about how women couldnt resist him , he said .
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar .	it shows the chameleons sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat .
nypd officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime .	the suspect was taken to a local hospital where they later died .	police say they did recover a weapon from the corner .
blackburn striker rudy gestede has revealed his desire to be playing in the premier league next season .	the 26 - year - old has enjoyed a terrific season at ewood park netting 20 goals in the championship for gary bowyer 's side .
inverness went on to beat celtic 3 - 2 in scottish cup semi - final .	josh meekings handball in the last weekend 's scottish cup final .	inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to act on the meekings .
tottenham face southampton in the summer on saturday .	tottenham manager mauricio pochettino wants to leave southampton .	the tottenham manager is looking forward to his return to his first return to the club .
alan pardew has transformed palace into the premier league season .	he will be active in the transfer market in an attempt to take the club to the next level .	pardew has guided palace out of the relegation zone in the summer .
inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny celtic striker leigh griffiths in last sundays semi - final was thrown out .	in the aftermath of the 3 - 2 extra - time win , meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red - carded .
lorient beat lorient 2 - 0 at marseille in a 5 - 3 win at marseille .	lorient 's jordan ayew scored his second win in five games .	jordan ayew equalised for marseille in the second half .
ronald koeman wants to leave southampton this summer .	ronald koeman 's side are not interested in real madrid and real madrid .	real madrid are currently bottom of the premier league on saturday .
tottenham are considering a state - of - the - art stadium with a retractable pitch .	the nfl is due to be completed for the start of the 2018 - 19 season .	the north london club did not rule out the possibility this week .	tottenham 's new 400m stadium is expected to be ready in time .
carl jenkinson says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england in 2012 , a year after his big move from charlton to the club .	the essex - born full - back chose the three lions despite having played for finland , the nation of his mother , at under 18 and under 21 level .
west ham beat west ham 1 - 0 at stamford bridge on sunday .	west ham became the first club to drop the price of the season .	sam allardyce has said the move is ' the best business ' for the club .
casey casey was at home in augusta , augusta , in the field on sunday .	the 37 - year - old finished sixth on his masters debut in 2004 .	he was projected to play at the masters at augusta , arizona .
greg hardy , who played for the carolina panthers , was accused of assaulting his ex - girlfriend , nicole holder , and threatening to kill her .	the five - year - old was found guilty of assaulting the former girlfriend and nicole holder in february .
new england patriots will begin the 2015 nfl season at home to the pittsburgh steelers on thursday , september 10 .	the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on tuesday night and , as is tradition , the reigning champions will host the opening game of the season .	detroit lions and dallas cowboys will also host their annual thanksgiving games against philadelphia eagles and carolina panthers .
aaron hernandez , 25 , was found guilty on wednesday of first - degree murder in a deadly late - night shooting .	the first - degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of odin lloyd , a 27 - year - old landscaper and amateur weekend football player .
jimmy graham signed a deal with seattle which gives russell wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at ' just because he 's on my team i don't stop feeling that way ' .	the seahawks bounced back from 16 - 7 with just over two minutes .	michael bennett still thinks he 's overrated .
charles tillman became a staple of lovie smith 's stingy defense , which propelled the bears to super bowl xli .	he started 152 of 156 games , but finished the past two seasons on injured reserve after tearing his right triceps .	tillman 's charity has impacted over a million needy children and their families in the chicago area .
bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league 's substance abuse .	bell was charged with marijuana possession and was fined with marijuana .	bell will also be charged with a game .
stevan ridley has signed a one - year deal after suffering a tear to his rehab .	the 26 - year - old became the 15th player to join the jets in the shape of running back .	he played just six games as the patriots won their rehab last season .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas - area nightclub on wednesday morning , according to reports .	during a 2011 incident involving two guns when he playing for the tampa bay buccaneers , talib , his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister 's live - in boyfriend in garland , texas .	the man who called police said three black men had been involved in a disturbance and one of them had tried to punch him .
the 41 - year - old was in the league 's officiating development program in 2013 - 14 .	she 's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007 .	thomas , a former college basketball player , was inspired to become an official in the 1990s .
mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly 's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent .	mccoy ran for 1 , 000 yards in four of six seasons with the eagles and still spoke of his surprise at the move .
the 30 - year - old was due to be reinstated on april 15 , but according to nfl media insider ian rapoport , peterson will meet with the nfl this week .	peterson 's situation is far from clear , with the 2012 mvp telling espn he was ' uneasy ' about returning to the franchise .
the 42 - year - old mother - of - three has officiated pre - season games as a line judge .	thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season .	the nfl 's first full - time female official has a history of trailblazing .
22 - year - old londoner will fly out to texas next month for rookie mini - camp .	obada only started playing american football half way through last season and was mentored by warriors defensive co - ordinator aden durde .
the jaguars are committed to a home game each year in the united states .	the jaguars will announce their sixth and seventh round picks live on tv .	the nfl will announce 2015 's answer to the nfl draft to the world .
jack narrowly misses the wbc super - middleweight title on friday night .	the 31 - year - old was diagnosed with non - hodgkins lymphoma and sidelined for 20 months .	jack narrowly claimed the wbc middleweight title .
cleveland clinic lou ruvo center for brain health .	floyd maywetaher is looking to make it 49 - 0 with a win against the hard - hitting filipino fighter ' the weigh - in is always the grand finale of fight week activities ' .	manny pacquiao has wanted this fight for years and will be the toughest opponent that mayweather has faced a mere 500 tickets .
nicola and her family were at home at the time but were not aware of the break - in , in which two cars , training kit and valuable possessions were taken .	adams had to pull out of the english national championships .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach .	the pair will finally go head - to - head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand .	manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account floyd mayweather .
luke rockhold beat lyoto machida by second round win in new york .	the 36 - year - old beat machida machida in the first round .	the no 1 ranked middleweight title in the ufc .
lyoto machida was wrapped in a fight at the end of the fight in new jersey .	he was due to step on the scales at the fight on saturday night .	he said he hopes victory over rockhold would lead to a title shot .
luke rockhold is ready to be the bull to lyoto machida 's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday .	the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights .	he knows exactly what it will take to beat machida .
conor mcgregor has claimed he would ' kill ' floyd mayweather ' in less than 30 seconds ' .	mcgregor is preparing for his world title fight against manny pacquiao in may .	mcgregor has won all five of his fights in the world .
ronda rousey made her first in - ring performance on march 29 .	the rock women 's bantamweight champion admits she caught the bug .	rousey 's focus is on her much - anticipated ufc fight against bethe correia .
conor mcgregor has unveiled a featherweight title challenge against the jose aldo on july 11 .	the 26 - year - old has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a tiger on his stomach and ' the belt ' .	mcgregor has been challenging jose aldo for his featherweight title .
jimi manuwa is confident he can forget about his first fight against alexander gustafsson .	the londoner believes his ' aggression and killer instinct ' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds .
cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 , filipovic ( right ) was beaten by a first - round head kick and wants to avenge that defeat filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter against gonzaga i want to beat all the opponents who have beaten me before , cro crop said .
conor mcgregor insists featherweight champion jose aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does .	aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against mcgregor in las vegas on july 11 .	the irishman said: ' he can't want to be near me , he doesn't want this the way i want it .
jeff novitzky will join the ufc as the sport bids to clean up its act after high - profile failed tests by anderson silva , nick diaz and hector lombard .	jeff novitzky , who was also involved in the investigations into barry bonds , marion jones and justin gatlin , will spearhead the development of the ufc 's new drug testing programme .
chad mendes beat ricardo lamas in virginia on saturday night .	the featherweight came out hard and fast , and quickly landed a right hand .	mendes evaded lamas in their featherweight fight in virginia .
conor mendes and ricardo lamas face off in the featherweight title .	mendes ' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the brazilian king .	conor mendes , ricardo mendes , mendes , mendes and aldo were also in contention to win the title .
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national .	creamer won the 2010 women 's us open , first floated the idea on twitter .	creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the week following the men 's showpiece in april .
justin rose finished joint second in the masters at the zurich classic of new orleans .	the 34 - year - old will play alongside two other players who performed well in the new orleans masters .	steve stricker was joint second with phil mickelson behind jordan spieth .
lindsey vonn , 30 , has been dating woods since 2013 .	the 30 - year - old has become close with his children around the masters at augusta .	vonn dropped a few details about life with her and helping her to overcome a knee injury .
bubba watson was one of the favourites to seal a third green jacket in four years .	watson 's shot seemed to fly down the middle , drawing t - 29 at the masters .
sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their first title in the championship 's 155 - year history at st andrews in july .	three - time winner faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course .	the open and st andrews will forever hold a rousing ovation .
jim furyk beats kevin kisner on the second play - off hole in the pga tour .	the former open champion , 44 , won the rbc heritage title at hilton 's pga tour on sunday .
the 19 - year - old produced a brilliant finish to win the european tour title and break chinese hearts in the inaugural shenzhen international on sunday .	the putt in the play - off and aphibarnrat wins his second european tour .
thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes .	the 25 - year - old has one european tour win to date when he won the malaysian open in 2013 .
jordan spieth roared back into contention at the rbc heritage with a second - round 62 on friday .	he and his fellow competitors were no match for troy merritt , who fired a 10 - under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links and open up a four - shot lead at the top of the standings .	the 21 - year - old spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine - under - par round of 62 to sit six under in hilton head .
the 22 - year - old is in mauritius for a photo shoot with the golf punk magazine .	the youngest - ever scot posted the scenes on instagram with her golf club .	booth posted photos of the camera shoot with golf .
the 21 - year - old has struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina .	the first round of the masters will be held at the top of the rbc heritage .	spieth looked tired as he struggled in the difficult conditions .
rory mcilroy 's foundation is hosting the event at royal county down from may .	the world number one has been a major influence in the dubai duty free irish open .	he will compete in the bmw pga championship at the dubai ryder cup .
huang wen - yi had to settle for the opening - day 70 to sit four shots off .	the american won the driver at the shenzhen international in joint 17th round .	huang and the defending champion finished second at augusta national .
jordan spieth is back to work this week at the rbc heritage classic .	the 21 - year - old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours .	spieth won the masters record of 18 - under 270 to capture the game .
rory mcilroy battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan .	the 25 - year - old is an avid manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child .
agnieszka radwanska will play agnieszka radwanska .	agnieszka radwanska and agnieszka radwanska in straight sets .	navratilova is currently ranked no .	1 in the first round of the all competitions .	they are currently in december .
maria sharapova beats maria sharapova 2 - 6 , 5 , 6 - 1 in the second round of the porsche grand prix on thursday .	the top seed will be replaced by simona halep in the match .
rafael nadal 's bid for a ninth barcelona open title ended in third - round defeat as italian fabio fognini edged a hard - fought encounter 6 - 4 , 7 - 6 ( 8 - 6 ) to move into the quarter - finals .	second - seed nadal had easily seen off nicolas almagro in the previous round but found himself in trouble against fognini , who had won in three sets in their previous meeting on the clay of rio earlier this year .	the second set was to prove an even tighter affair .
world no 9 agnieszka radwanska beats sara errani 6 - 6 ( 7 - 6 ) 6 - 4 .	the world no .	1 - 6 - year - old dumped out of the porsche grand prix .
rafael nadal beats kei nishikori 6 - 3 6 - 6 6 - 0 in the quarter - finals .	the 28 - year - old will face kei nishikori in the semi - finals of last year 's event .	nadal will face world no 4 at the end of the season .
marin cilic beat cilic 6 - 3 , 3 - 6 , 6 - 4 , a second round in the first round .	victor estrella and the dominican republic beat joao cilic in the second round .	cilic was a third of the season with a shoulder injury .
ana ivanovic was seen off 7 - 6 ( 8/6 ) 6 - 4 by france 's caroline garcia .	ana ivanovic and caroline garcia both face caroline garcia in stuttgart .	caroline wozniacki and petra kvitova , caroline garcia and carla suarez navarro .
british tennis fans face a wimbledon - type scramble for davis cup quarter - final tickets this summer .	there will be a capacity of 7 , 000 for july 's match against france at london 's queen 's club .	the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies , with a considerable percentage going to well - heeled queen 's members .
kei nishikori triumphs in the second round of the third round on tuesday .	top seed kei nishikori is the second - round third - round win over teymuraz gabashvili .	kei nishikori beat teymuraz gabashvili 6 - 3 6 - 4 .
andy murray beat novak djokovic 6 - 4 , 7 - 5 , 6 - .	jose mourinho was given a men 's 77 - year wait for a tour of wimbledon .	murray beat wimbledon 6 - wimbledon .
andy murray will host the davis cup quarter final against france .	british captain leon smith is the place where they will take on france in their quarter final .	france and france look well - matched at the queen 's club .
williams won 4 - 6 7 - 6( 3 - 6 6 - 3 in the fed cup play - off on sunday .	the 33 - year - old won her 19th singles title at the australian open .	the us were beaten 3 - 2 by williams and alison williams .
serbian world number one has been the first man to win the season 's first three masters title .	the world no 1 is a first - ever - - - - one of the world 's biggest ever in the world .
novak djokovic beats tomas berdych 7 - 5 4 - 6 6 - 3 at the monte carlo on sunday .	the 27 - year - old is the first player to win the opening three atp world tour events .	the world no 1 won the world tour masters 1000 events in the world .
kimi raikkonen is yet to sign his new contract with kimi raikkonen .	the 30 - year - old will replace kimi raikkonen at the bahrain grand prix .	the 2007 world champion won the race in bahrain last week .
jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren after an energy recovery system prevented him from making it to the start - line .	it capped a miserable weekend for the briton; his time in bahrain plagued by reliability issues .	button spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded .
human rights watch report on germany 's ' statement of commitment to respect for germany ' human rights record .	germany will host a street race to be known as the european grand prix .
the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying .	but despite frantic work from his mclaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in sakhir , button was forced to watch from the sidelines .
jenson button made it a hat - trick in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix .	the 35 - year - old managed to get a mclaren into q2 for the first time this season .
lewis hamilton took pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday .	the mercedes team - mate nico rosberg was third six - tenths of a second behind hamilton .	he was beaten by hamilton by four tenths of the brit .
lewis hamilton took pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday .	the mercedes team - mate nico rosberg was third six - tenths of a second behind hamilton .	he was beaten by hamilton by four tenths of the brit .
kimi raikkonen 's contract expires at the end of the bahrain grand prix .	the ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has said he has never been happier working with a team in his entire f1 career .	the 35 - year - old says he has ' no [UNK] .
nico rosberg leads the team - mate lewis hamilton by 17 points .	the 29 - year - old topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34 .	647secs quicker than hamilton .
the 35 - year - old was left to reflect on ' not a great day ' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for sunday 's bahrain grand prix .
hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes .	the 30 - year - old suffered a lock - up in the second sector of the bahrain international circuit .
davy condon suffered a spinal injury in a fall at the grand national .	he has been forced to retire from the saddle due to spinal injury .	condon has been advised to call time on his career .
the jockey was due to partner last year 's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie 's grand national at aintree .	mcnamara remains in the mater hospital in dublin and despite still having no feeling in his legs , he was able to leave his bed for the first time .
ride like the wind is one of 34 colts which are in the first classic of the season run on saturday , may 2 .	the fifth home , sinfonietta , could reoppose in the guineas for the 2 , 000 guineas .
arsenal legend ian wright will be at sandown on saturday .	he will be presented with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at sandown .	the arsenal legend will be ap mccoy with his final champion .
mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can keep him away from the top of the gold cup .	mccoy has revealed he will return in the bet365 gold cup on saturday .	he has been confirmed as riding nicholls - trained unioniste .
tom wood is hanging up at the end of the champions cup quarter - finals .	the east midlands side are ready to address their mini - slump and breathe life back into the title push .	northamptons pride was dented in the defeat by clermont and exeter .
jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season .	the 20 - year - old has signed a two - year deal with alan solomons 's side .	scotland youth international jack cosgrove wants to join the club in the summer .
mariano galarza should have been ineligible for the game against sale sharks last month .	the case will be hit by a independent panel of jeremy summers .	the west will face edinburgh at the twickenham stoop .
tuilagi has been out of action since october .	tuilagi has not played for england since his picked up a groin injury .	the 23 - year - old is targeting a return to the world cup .
england and wales are facing a new world cup in the world cup .	the 32 - year - old is eligible to play for the wallabies in the first world cup , he says .	the former toulon team - mate owen farrell has been an outstanding force for the last world cup last season .
billy armitage and steffon armitage shortlisted for european player of the year award .	armitage and billy vunipola were named man - of - the - match in the european champions cup .	armitage has been shortlisted for the toulon award .
city have confirmed that ulster back michael allen will join the club this summer .	the 24 - year - old is a former pupil of edinburgh at the end of the season .	he wants to take him out of his comfort zone .
england beat france 2 - 1 in the world cup semi - final on september 18 .	stuart lancaster 's side will take on the french world cup in brazil .	andy farrell believes rugby union is going to be the biggest world cup .
davy mcgregor suffered one of the most gruesome ear injuries .	davy mcgregor was hurt after being caught by an opponent 's hip or shorts - leaving a truly horrifying sight .	the barbarians won the clash 97 - 31 , which took place to celebrate the 125th anniversary .
australian rugby union reacted to the flood of top players heading abroad .	players with 60 caps who have held professional contract with australian rugby for at least seven years will be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas .	other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing super rugby in australia for the following two seasons .
england full - back mike brown is not expected to face bath the next week .	the 29 - year - old was knocked out in the rbs 6 nations match against italy .	brown is still suffering from headaches and has taken no part in the game .
the 28 - year - old has helped the waikato - based chiefs win two super rugby titles .	he has played for the chiefs last year and is set to win the tigers .
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions .	jonathan trott could miss the test series in england with a broken finger blackwood bruised jermaine blackwood was in the wars on thursday .
england 's joe root is 118 not out at stumps on day three .	alastair cook got 76 in a century stand with jonathan trott ( 59 ) at the top .	england captain alastair cook hits through the offside .
marlon samuels found a novel way of carrying on his duel in the second test with ben stokes .	stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a devendra bishoo long - hop straight to deep square leg and samuels wasted no time in pouring salt on his wounds , saluting him on his way .	the durham all - rounder muttered under his breath as he walked past samuels before england closed on 373 for six .
alastair cook hung his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century .	but the problems cook had in finding fluency in his 211 - ball 76 were put into stark perspective by yet another display of the rare class and maturity that has made joe root englands outstanding batsman .
alastair cook has been working on a new , more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months .	the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord 's in 2007 when he was playing well with a near perfect stance .
england defeated england 2 - 1 in the world cup on the day of the spice world .	alastair cook 's reply to the boundary in the early stages of his reply to west indies 299 .
aaron will be sidelined for up to three months after surgery on his surgery .	aaron finch faces three months out of action on his left hamstring .	aaron will miss his rehabilitation and will miss the rehabilitation .
ben stokes was involved in a war of words with west indies batsman marlon samuels .	samuels later taunted the durham all - rounder after a hard - fought opening day of the second test .	samuels was taunted by umpire steve davis after a heated exchange with him .
alastair cook 's former team - mate graeme swann says he is closest to don bradman .	the 27 - year - old was the first local to score a test run in grenada .
the rockets beat dallas 130 - 128 to take a 2 - 1 lead in the all - texan nba first - round playoff series .	the clippers beat the los angeles clippers in game 3 on friday .
zara , 33 , is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics .	the 33 - year - old is keen to get in a stint on the team gb in 2016 .	the queen 's granddaughter has committed to a exercise and cycling .
golden state beat new orleans 123 - 119 in overtime thursday .	lebron james scored 31 points in the first - round play - off series .	chicago warriors beat milwaukee 3 - 0 .
world no 1 michael van gerwen beat james wade 7 - 0 in the second round of the betway premier league on the day of the world 's first world in the world of the premier league .	the second - half - time winner was the first - of - the - match against van gerwen and gary anderson in the opening match of the .
trump led 7 - 2 to trump the first round of the world championship in sheffield .	the 25 - year - old was making his crucible debut in the next round .	trump won the victory at the press conference in the second round .
paula radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot .	she will set off with the masses rather than the elite runners .	the former world record run in london in 2003 will not be far from her .
chris froome finished ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini .	the former winner was involved in a crash in a race which saw the race .	froome finished back in the race after a fall in the final 12 kilometres .
ronnie o'sullivan moved into the second round of the world snooker championship on wednesday .	the five - time world champion beat craig steadman 10 - 3 in their first round contest .	the 39 - year - old had trouble with his shoes during the session on tuesday .
paul and luol deng will play in the first - ever nba game in africa .	the august 1 encounter will take place at the iconic ellis park stadium in johannesburg , south africa .	more than 35 players from africa have played in the nba since 1993 .
washington beat cleveland cleveland 2 - 0 in the first round of the fourth round .	the wizards , houston and houston are all in their nba first - round playoff series .	james williams scored 20 points for the fourth quarter - 106 win in the fourth .
the 29 - year - old has seen her 10 - year history as women 's world amateur world champion .	evans saw her reign as the world snooker champion in the first round of qualifying for the win .
ding potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points .	world no 3 suddenly realised what he had done and held his head in his hands before starting to giggle along with his first - round opponent mark davis .	ding would have pocketed 30 , 000 for a maximum break , which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships .
the chicago bulls beat the milwaukee pelicans in the first round of the first - round series .	the top - seeded warriors beat the new orleans pelicans 97 - 87 to take a 2 - 0 lead .
neil robertson 's first round match against wales defeated wales 3 - 2 in the first round of the betfred world championship .	robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him become a multiple winner of the sport 's major crowns .
arsene wenger wants cesc fabregas to be shown the respect he deserves when he returns to the emirates stadium in the blue of chelsea on sunday .	cesc fabregas returns to arsenal on sunday and arsene wenger hopes fans will give him a good reception wenger wants ' respect ' for the club 's former players and counts fabregas as a man who deserves that gunners fans offer their good luck to fabregas .
aston villa attacker gabriel agbonlahor missed the semi - final win over liverpool .	the 28 - year - old missed villas - final victory against liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury .	the villa attacker took to a return to first - team action against liverpool .
aston villa host aston villa in the premier league on saturday .	chris pearson 's side face burnley at the top of the table .	qpr boss chris pearson believes they will avoid relegation .
burnley manager sean dyche has attempted to protect out - of - sorts striker danny ings by calling on the rest of his team - mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the premier league .	ings was mentioned in the same breath as harry kane not so long ago but you could see a lack of confidence as he misdirected a header from a kieran trippier cross in the closing minutes .
alan pardew is ready to fend off big - money bids for his in - demand stars .	yannick bolasie joined palace for around 400 , 000 from bristol city in 2012 .	bolasie scored a hat - trick in palace 's 4 - 1 .
roberto martinez insists keeping kevin mirallas happy is key to holding on to him in the summer .	there has been plenty of speculation about the belgium international and he even admitted himself in february he fancied a new challenge and had an ambition to play in the champions league next season .	kevin mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton following an injury - hit term at the toffees everton .
sir philip was a chairman of everton football club sir philip carter .	the former everton boss was a former manager of the club .	he was a great man and a vice president in everton .
romelu lukaku scored a goal in a 1 - 0 win over burnley at goodison park .	the 21 - year - old scored four goals in everton 's 1 - 1 win over anderlecht .	lukaku is everton 's top scorer this season .
aaron mirallas has just four games to impress at goodison park .	the 28 - year - old has four games for his loan spell at everton .	roberto martinez wants to get the most out of lennon 's contract .
three promoted clubs , leicester , burnley and qpr are not quite out of the dogfight .	aston villa and west brom are currently at the foot of the table .	sportsmail 's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run - in for years .
hull city lost 2 - 0 to southampton in the premier league on saturday .	steve bruce 's side have lost their first - half - time to reach their premier league season .	hull were beaten by southampton for the first half of the season .
esteban cambiasso is wanted by delhi dynamos for the i - league .	the 34 - year - old midfielder signed a one - year contract at leicester last summer .	nigel pearson wants to stay for another season .
brendan rodgers says he is the man to guide liverpool to success .	the liverpool boss is under pressure after a disappointing season .	the club are under pressure following the fa cup semi - final defeat .
steve mcclaren says his sole focus is at the end of the season .	the newcastle boss has called the ' sole focus ' on the newcastle job .	mcclaren says he is looking forward to the club .
john carver has called for unity at the club after a divisive season .	he says he is not afraid about giving his honest opinion on events .	newcastle united fans have planned a protest against owner mike ashley .
leroy fer is set to be rushed back from a knee injury .	the dutch midfielder has not appeared in the squad for saturday 's london derby at home to west ham .	he has not played since arriving from norwich in the summer .
qpr are in the drop zone of the premier league with 28 points .	chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the end of the season .	ramsey 's side face chelsea in their premier league clash .
southampton face tottenham in the premier league on saturday .	mauricio pochettino 's side face tottenham on saturday in the st mary 's clash .	southampton fans are campaigning to show their support for koeman .
kane is bidding to be the first england captain to lift the european championship in the czech republic this summer .	butland has revealed voting for team - mate harry kane as this season 's pfa young player of the year .	the 22 - year - old has declared that he wants to fire the young lions to tournament .
the 15 - year - old midfielder is a member of belgium 's u16 squad .	the under - 21s have also expressed interest in the midfielder 's team .	the first - half midfielder is set to join stoke city in the summer .
bosnian goalkeeper kept stoke in the game during a one - sided first half at the britannia stadium on saturday .	stoke city have opened talks over a contract extension for in - demand goalkeeper asmir begovic begovic is highly - rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs , including la liga 's real madrid stoke boss mark hughes .
manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	eden hazard scored a string of saves against manchester united .	seamus coleman was key to manchester united 's win over burnley .	everton beat burnley 2 - 0 at goodison park .
swansea city have revived their interest in blackburn rovers striker rudy gestede .	garry monk has made a striker his priority for the summer and club scouts .	gestede has scored 20 goals this season and is rated at 7million .
leicester beat leicester 1 - 0 at the bottom of the table .	swansea beat leicester 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	leicester beat swansea 2 - 0 in the semi - finals of swansea .
harry kane has been in superb form this season .	fa chairman greg dyke says he wants to play for his country .	tottenham and england have been in talks for the foreseeable future .
tony pulis believes west brom will relish their underdog tag as they start their nightmare run - in .	the baggies host liverpool on saturday eight points above the barclays premier league relegation zone .	they also face manchester united , chelsea and arsenal in their final five games .
sebastien pocognoli is baffled by tony pulis after he left the club .	he says he doesn't want to be one of the premier league 's best - term future .	pocognoli insists he wants to stay in the west brom .
harry kane scores his 30th cap of the season for tottenham this season .	the 21 - year - old is nominated for the pfa young player of the year award .	the blues beat manchester united 3 - 0 at newcastle united .
west ham host west ham united in the premier league on the day of the season .	sam allardyce says the club would be interested in a new season - ticket structure .	the west ham side will be 289 seats on offer from the olympic stadium .
andre blackman , 24 , now plays for doomed championship side blackpool fc , stole a jacket worth more than 1 , 000 from the world famous store in knightsbridge .	blackman , who has been told he is surplus to requirements by tangerines boss lee clark , described the offence as a moment of madness .
adam lallana does not want to see celtic win the league on may 11 .	celtic are eight points ahead of second place in the premier league .	aberdeen have the chance to win the title on may 10 .
inverness went on to beat celtic 3 - 2 in scottish cup semi - final .	josh meekings handball in the last weekend 's scottish cup final .	inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to act on the meekings .
inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny celtic striker leigh griffiths in last sundays semi - final was thrown out .	in the aftermath of the 3 - 2 extra - time win , meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red - carded .
ronny deila was angry at the referee 's decision to send off josh deila 's players .	ronny deila 's side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2 - 0 .	alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball from the referee .
celtic were left outraged by referee steven mclean 's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the semi - final defeat by inverness .	celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal - bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings .	celtic had taken the lead in the box by inverness on sunday .
rangers host rangers in the premier league on wednesday night .	stuart mccall is compiling a dossier of a dossier on targets for next season .	mccall knows the light club will need to get into action' .
john brown was part of the ibrox side 's scottish cup final in 1989 .	celtic have seen their own hopes of a treble in the premier league .	john brown says celtic have a case of ' sour ' [UNK] .
the rangers board have held their first meeting with mike ashley since assuming control at the ibrox board .	sports direct and newcastle owner mike ashley has secured an 8 .	92 per cent stake in rangers .
walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club .	stuart souness , charles green , david murray and david templeton were remembered for what they did during his own highly turmoil .
john brown says he will be welcomed back to the club ' with open arms ' .	the 53 - year - old crept into the ground as relations with the old board .	he has now spent the four months in garden leave .
rangers are currently in the premier league in the last three weeks .	the chairman - of - the - the - three is now to get back to the rangers board .	the new regime has been linked with a lack of gunfire .
real madrid 's spanish star isco admitted he is unhappy with life at the bernabeu .	isco fell straight back out of the team when rodriguez returned to fitness .	isco was forthright in his criticism of carlo ancelotti 's choice .
tim sherwood is confident aston villa can secure their premier league survival with five games remaining ' it 's not all been plain sailing ' .	sherwood could have gabriel agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury while philippe senderos and aly cissokho are available again after respective thigh and groin problems .
sagna could end the season trophyless and lower than arsenal in the premier league .	the manchester city defender insists he has no regrets about leaving the emirates for the etihad .	the france international has played only 16 times for city this season .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday .	arsene wenger has failed to win in 12 games in the premier league .	the game starts at stamford bridge on sunday at the 4pm .	click here for more arsenal news .
southampton beat southampton 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	mauricio pochettino is looking forward to returning to st mary 's .	pochettino says he wants to reach the champions league with tottenham .
pep guardiola has yet to commit his future to bayern munich .	hitzfeld has been in the dugout at bayern munich since last season .	bayern munich boss lucien favre is on course for champions league football .
real madrid host real madrid in the champions league on june 6 .	luis enrique 's side face bayern munich in the semi - final .	barcelona and bayern munich are in the last four in berlin .
pep guardiola will see out his three - year contract with bayern munich .	the spaniard has been linked with a possible move to manchester city .	the former bayern munich boss is expected to be a new contract .
floyd mayweather is one of the world 's best boxer david levi .	mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath to aid his recovery .	owner david mayweather wants to use the machine to keep the bath .	mayweather has been in the bath since his hypothermia .
manny pacquiao says boxing is the best sport of all and there is no mention of the $120 million or more he will be paid for going toe - to - toe with floyd mayweather in the most lucrative fist fight in history .	he says he wants to speak to him about the gospel of the lord and how everything we get is a prize .
floyd mayweather is a little more than two weeks away from the richest - ever boxing fight against manny pacquiao .	mayweather will earn more than $100million in las vegas on may 2 .	but mayweather will bank upwards of $100million in philippines .
floyd mayweather is down to within three - and - a - half pounds of the welterweight limit .	the 30 - year - old boxers are required to weigh more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit .	pacquiao is looking to extend his 47 - fight unbeaten streak .
floyd mayweather will go head - to - head with manny mayweather in the gym .	the 38 - year - old is expected to pose for a picture with manny pacquiao .	mayweather will return to the fight at the mgm .
floyd mayweather jnr took to the swimming pool to continue his mega - fight preparations by doing a few lengths of a swimming pool mayweather jnr 's trainer looks on as the boxer finishes his swimming against the steepness of some mountain roads .	it is now less than a month until both boxers meet in las vegas for what is being dubbed as the richest fight in boxing history .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao made the 270 - mile journey on monday night .	the 36 - year - old was seen arriving on the mandalay bay hotel in las vegas on monday .	it will be a stop against floyd mayweather at the mgm .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao have released two pictures from his training camp .	the 36 - year - old is as renowned for showing off his extravagant lifestyle .	mayweather released a picture of him hanging a weight from his head .
floyd mayweather took to his shot to beat mayweather on may 2 .	the 38 - year - old was a member of his brand the money team .	the fight will be held in las vegas on saturday .
hbo and floyd mayweather will have to pay up to $100 ( 67 .	95 ) .	floyd mayweather 's fight against manny pacquiao in las vegas .	mayweather will cost $10 . 95 .
arsenal forward danny welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury .	danny welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with england .	daniel sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face arsenal on saturday .
burnley host tottenham hotspur at turf moor in sunday 's premier league clash against tottenham .	hugo marney will miss sunday 's barclays premier league match against tottenham in the premier league on sunday .	clarets have no seven premier league matches against spurs .
sevilla will take on fiorentina in europa league final in the europa league on may 27 .	sevilla and dnipro will have home advantage for the second leg in the semi - final .	rafael benitez 's napoli take on dnipro dnipropetrovsk in warsaw on friday .
manchester city beat manchester city 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	pellegrini says he was not the right fit for the city and the club .	the borussia dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of this season .
west ham need a coach of high ambition to return to english football .	jurgen klopp 's reputation is that of a man who guarantees survival .	west ham must go to the olympic stadium with more on minds than survival .
abou diaby 's contract expires at the end of the season .	the 28 - year - old will be allowed to break into the first - team fold this season .	gunners boss arsene wenger is close to diaby 's future .
thomas tuchel announced he was leaving dortmund at the end of the season .	the 41 - year - old will take over in july on a three - year contract .	tuchel has endured a difficult season at dortmund .
the marathon world record holder dennis kimetto was banned for two years after testing positive for epo in kenya for six months .	rosa & associati represented women 's marathon record holder wilson kipsang .
prime minister david cameron may be concerned at the conservatives ' lack of blues in the top flight football .	red is the overwhelming colour across the football league in terms of the party that governs clubs ' constituencies .	the conservatives trail some way behind , while the liberal democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power .
usain bolt says he wants to smash his own 200 - metre world record .	he says he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit .	bolt is currently in rio de janeiro , on sunday .
usain bolt took three shots on the basketball court in rio de janeiro 's mangueira favela on thursday .	the 12 - year - old jogged a 20 - minute track with some youngsters who had been training .	bolt has admitted that the 2016 olympic games in rio will be more than next year .
rotherham drew 1 - 1 with fulham in wednesday 's 1 - 0 win over brighton .	evans says he does not know the strength of his club 's defence .	evans insists he doesn't want to cast judgement on people .
fulham beat rotherham 2 - 1 in their premier league clash in the premier league on saturday .	ross mccormack scored the only goal of the game against brighton in the first half of the season .	fulham lost their first - half penalty in the fa cup final .
newcastle face swansea in the premier league on saturday .	the magpies have lost their last six premier league games under caretaker boss john carver and more demonstrations are planned for the visit of swansea .	monk says the club will support anyone who wishes to stand up on 34 minutes .
tiger woods was on the ninth hole in the final round of the masters on sunday .	the 39 - year - old was the youngest player to win the masters in the masters .	he was given a bid to shake off the masters after he swung it back in the scare .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 0 in the champions league quarter - final .	raphael varane uploaded a video to twitter he posted the video of the video .	the team arrived at the santiago bernabeu on the bus .
the spaniard 's name is being uttered once again across the boardrooms of europe this morning .	the 55 - year - old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand .	manchester city and real madrid are all considering changes as are west ham and newcastle .
yaya toure says he wants to talk to city about the way forward .	yaya toure wants to stay at manchester city at the etihad on sunday .	the former manchester city midfielder yaya toure is a legend .
psg beat psg 4 - 1 on aggregate to win the champions league on tuesday .	zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti were unable to win champions league .	psg won 2 - 0 at the nou camp in champions league last week .
the 24 - year - old has been sidelined since october due to a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck .	launchbury has been out since october at the ricoh arena in october .
bafetimbi gomis will miss three to four weeks with hamstring injury .	the 29 - year - old will miss league trips to leicester and newcastle on may 11 .	gomis had scored four in his last seven matches .
the 23 - year - old was on the bench for arsenal 's match against reading at the emirates on saturday after five months out of injury .	jack wilshere is at the heart of a core of players at the parlour .
manchester city are third on the list of clubs in the world with most followers .	the fourth most of the premier league clubs have 3 .	2million followers on twitter .	chelsea are the only premier league club to have more followers on the site .
jordan spieth beat jordan spieth in a four - shot victory over the four - stroke victory .	he was runner - up in the texas open and lost in a playoff at the houston open .
alexis sanchez has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football .	he has been nominated for pfa player of the year award .	he says he is ' very happy ' and ' very proud ' of his team - mates .
real madrid host real madrid in the champions league on june 6 .	luis enrique 's side face bayern munich in the semi - final .	barcelona and bayern munich are in the last four in berlin .
monaco beat monaco 2 - 1 in the champions league on wednesday night .	the former manchester united full back said the french side could learn from a more combative style of play .	the left - back claims that ligue 1 's elite clubs could return to the medical .
england beat holland on penalties in the final last year .	john peacock has named his squad for next month 's campaign .	they have been placed in group d with holland , italy and the bulgaria .
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster .	photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released , with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward .	they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame .
jordan henderson has signed a new long - term contract at anfield .	the 24 - year - old put pen to paper on a move to la galaxy on sunday .	the england international is the latest big name in brendan rodgers squad .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 4 - 0 in the champions league on wednesday night .	gareth bale has been out for the first half of the season , and his team - mates missed out on wednesday .	bale suffered a calf injury in a 3 - 0 win against liverpool at the bernabeu .	the welshman has been sidelined for two games against liverpool .
chelsea are interested in fulham goalkeeper marcus bettinelli .	manager jose mourinho was in the crowd at craven cottage .	bettinelli only made his debut for fulham this season and has one more year left on his contract .
bayern munich have a 12 - point lead in the german cup semi - final .	guardiola 's side have a 3 - 1 defeat against porto in the champions league .	pep guardiola said it was ' only the treble ' is enough for his team .
thiago alcantara and ander herrera at bayern munich in 6 - 1 win over porto on wednesday .	michael carrick has been recovered from injury and knee injury injuries .	thiago alcantara , ander herrera , gary cahill and michael carrick among man united .
bayern munich beat porto 3 - 0 in the champions league on wednesday .	pep guardiola 's side are on the brink after a 3 - 1 defeat at the allianz arena .	bayern munich face porto in the semi - final on wednesday in the game .
louis van gaal 's side have been linked with a move to manchester united .	david de gea is looking for a long - term replacement for iker casillas .	neville believes the club can concentrate on keeping de gea at old trafford .
qpr are only ranked 16th in the premier league .	chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table .	burnley have the lowest wage bill with 21 .	5m based on last season .	qpr are the third - highest wage bill at 215 . 5m .
radamel falcao has scored just four times for united since his season - long loan move from monaco on sunday .	manchester united could sign radamel falcao in the summer of the season .	the striker has scored four times in the premier league last season .	click here for more manchester united news .
the brazilian right - back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer .	the 24 - year - old was hoping to fend off interest from liverpool , bayern munich and paris st germain .	united are looking to bring in talented younger players .
manchester united are keen to bring in sami khedira from real madrid .	manchester united have had a 21 .	5million world cup bid for dortmund captain mats hummels .	dortmund are also interested in mats hummels and sami khedira .	click here for more transfer news .
van gaal has been impressed with carrick 's contribution to manchester united .	the 24 - year - old has been hugely interested in the premier league of the season .	louis van gaal is impressed with borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan .
reading take on birmingham in the championship on saturday .	the 31 - year - old is among the favourites to be named blues ' player of the year after hitting 15 goals this season .	reading boss steve clarke has backed federici to bounce back .
alexis sanchez scores twice as arsenal beat arsenal 1 - 1 in saturday 's fa cup semi - final win over arsenal .	adam federici said he was ' inconsolable ' after his error .
arsenal beat england 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final on saturday .	the 26 - year - old has scored two goals in the league 's last three matches .	sanchez has emerged from the mid - season with three strikes in the last three .
paris saint - germain had a torrid time against barcelona on tuesday night .	luiz was at fault for the first - half performance against barcelona .	neymar scored the only goal in the champions league on tuesday .
top - seeded teams in eight countries will be the defending champions league title .	arsenal , atletico madrid and porto , porto and porto to drop down in the pots .	real madrid and juventus are the eight highest - ranked countries .
bayern munich beat porto 3 - 0 in the champions league on wednesday .	pep guardiola 's side are on the brink after a 3 - 1 defeat at the allianz arena .	bayern munich face porto in the semi - final on wednesday in the game .
bayern munich beat porto 3 - 1 in the champions league semi - finals at bayern munich .	the coach of bayern munich 's first - half performance against porto on tuesday night .	pep guardiola was the best manager in the second half .
sol campbell and his wife fiona the polls might have the parties neck - and - neck but it looks like sol campbell is taking no chances .	the former england footballer is selling a multi - million pound property leading to speculation he wants to dodge labours mansion tax if the party wins the election .
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 2 - 0 to reach the semi - finals in the champions league .	luis enrique 's side beat athletic bilbao 5 - 1 in the first leg of the copa del rey final at the nou camp in the premier league on the day of the season .	neymar is a blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi .
west ham are closing in on the signature of jamaican starlet deshane beckford .	beckford was invited to train with west ham 's academy earlier this month .	beckford is said to be one of the hottest talents of the caribbean .
west ham face west ham in the premier league on tuesday .	west ham are confident that the deal is not contravene domestic or european legislation .	the club are confident the deal could leave west ham .
andres iniesta has responded to his critics by claiming he ' never went away ' following a vintage first - half performance in barcelona 's 2 - 0 win over paris saint - germain on tuesday night .	the spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season .	barcelona 's no 8 goes to celebrate with neymar after killing off the french side in the opening half .
kenny bayless will be the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 .	he will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the fight of the century .
referee kenny bayless has been named as the third man in the ring .	the 64 - year - old is widely considered to be one of the best referees in the world and will pocket $25 , 000 for the night 's work on may 2 .	de la hoya was defeated by mayweather in 1996 .
barry hawkins won the first round of the world snooker championship .	the 35 - year - old won five frames in a 10 - 2 win over jamie jones .	the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to last 16 .
john hendry , robert higgins and graeme higgins all in the world rankings .	the 39 - year - old plays a shot during the betfred world championship .	he has won more than three years after his match against ricky walden .
jordan spieth collected 1 .	23million for winning the masters at 1 .	23m . ian poulter improved on the masters for the first time in the final round .	danny willett hit three rounds of 71 for the masters .
the tennis star , who announced his engagement in november last year , tied the knot in the 12th century cathedral before a relatively small group of their family members and close friends .	the forecast for the rest of the outfit was topped off with a gold hat .
players from manchester city , chelsea , arsenal , arsenal , liverpool and manchester united have been knocked out of the champions league .	the 33 - year - old will be lining up for bayern munich and real madrid on loan at real madrid .	alvaro arbeloa is a former liverpool right back .
bayern munich beat manchester city 2 - 0 in the first leg of the champions league quarter - final .	guardiola is facing his first champions league exit prior to the semi - finals of his coaching career .	the manchester city director has been on the run for the first time since his last season .
xabi alonso lines up for bayern munich on wednesday night .	alonso won the champions league in his first season against ac milan .	bayern munich face porto in the quarter - final wednesday .
manchester city host manchester city at the etihad stadium on new year 's day .	david silva was taken to hospital after being rushed to hospital .	silva was caught in a neck brace and given oxygen .
manchester city lost 2 - 0 to west ham in the premier league on sunday .	the 23 - year - old has enjoyed a successful season - long loan from west ham .	west ham are currently in the top of their premier league games .
glenn roeder is part of a new committee at sheffield wednesday .	the off - field team has been put in place by adam pearson .	adam pearson helped lead hull to the premier league .
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa .	villa scored two second half goals to progress in the fa cup final .	benteke 's back upon arrival at aston villa on saturday .
martina hingis was persuaded to play because of injuries in the fed cup .	the former world no 1 was defeated 6 - 4 , 6 - 1 in the last - 16 - year - old agnieszka radwanska in the second - half .
liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay .	liverpool hope to convince depay , 21 , that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the champions league could be crucial to the 23 - goal winger choosing them over united .
the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6 .	9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky .	but both viewing figures would have been higher had they not coincided .	arsenal 's fa cup semi - final victory over reading on saturday .
manchester united beat manchester united 1 - 0 at stamford bridge .	louis van gaal 's side have lost 1 - 1 at the emirates on saturday .	manchester united and manchester united have lost 2 - 0 in the premier league .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 at the top of the premier league .	hazard scored a second - half winner against manchester united .	jose mourinho believes he is one of the best players in the world .
club proposed a 4 .	5metre fine mesh screen to be installed and liverpool city council planning committee has given its approval on tuesday .	liverpool have been given permission to install a4 .	liverpool have been given permission to install a4 .
juventus are interested in signing raheem sterling in the summer .	juventus are intend to sign raheem sterling and raheem sterling .	manchester city , juventus and real madrid are also interested in the serie a side .	click here for liverpool transfer news .
liverpool beat crystal palace 3 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final .	steven gerrard is expected to end his 25 - year spell with liverpool .	liverpool are knocked out of aston villa 's fa cup final .
steven gerrard is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer .	brendan rodgers has agreed a new 100 , 000 - a - week deal until 2020 .	kolo toure is embroiled in a contract stand - off with manchester city .	manchester city are to make an offer for mario balotelli .
floyd mayweather , amir khan could be set to face manny pacquiao a fight with pacquiao , preparing to face floyd mayweather on may 2 , is on the cards for abu dhabi .	amir khan could be set to face manny pacquiao a fight with pacquiao , preparing to face floyd mayweather on may 2 , is on the cards for abu dhabi .
michael conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must - win bout .	the 23 - year - old leapt to no 2 in the first round of the competition .	the two - time olympic medallist dropped his opponent in first round .
manny pacquiao takes the ring against floyd mayweather on may 2 .	the richest fight of all time , said to be worth $300m .	pacman 's shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth $2 . 25m .
manchester city beat west ham 3 - 0 in 2 - 0 win over west ham .	phil jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking 3 .	manuel pellegrini 's role at manchester city was the only central defender .
liverpool 's fa cup semi - final defeat has put the club under scrutiny and guaranteed this campaign will be judged a failure .	the burning ambition at anfield is for liverpool to be champions league regulars with the potential to win the barclays premier league .	but he has not made a mark on the games that matter .
villa beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .	the 25 - year - old told aston villa 's attacking gambles are paying off .	christian benteke and fabian delph scored 2 - 0 in the 54th - 0 final .
manchester united beat chelsea 1 - 0 at stamford bridge on saturday .	wayne rooney gave a 16 - year - old professional debut at everton in 2004 .	rooney has been linked with a move to stamford bridge .
chelsea beat chelsea 1 - 0 at chelsea in the premier league on saturday .	wayne rooney and louis van gaal scored the only goal of the game .	eden hazard and eden hazard scored the second - placed red devils in the second .
chelsea forward eden hazard and paddy mcnair watch on helplessly hazard wheels away to celebrate his 13th premier league goal of the season as de gea slowly rises to his feet after conceding a tv camera gets a close - up of the goalscorer as hazard celebrates with didier drogba in front of a section of home fans .
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season .	he is the man who has been eking out wins when the team hasnt been at its best .	he did it last week at queens park rangers , winning the ball from the goalkeepers kick and driving into the box to set up cesc fabregas .
chelsea defender john terry is adamant that there is still work to be done if they are to clinch the premier league title .	jose mourinho 's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table after eden hazard 's goal was enough to beat manchester united , meaning they require two wins from their last six matches to claim the league .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against chelsea .	the manchester united man was penalised for a ' [UNK] .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	eden hazard scored the only goal for chelsea in the second half .	jose mourinho says he will not allow his players to believe they have crossed the finish .
chelsea beat manchester city 4 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	marouane fellaini has been terrorising opposition defences of late .	courtois says he will probably have to come out to collect crosses .
bournemouth lost 2 - 2 to bournemouth in the premier league on saturday .	chris maguire scored a penalty for a penalty in the second half .	eddie howe was sent off for the first time in the last - half - time .
steve clarke 's side lost 1 - 0 to aston villa in the premier league on the day of the first - half a - - half - month - old .	steve clarke has been away from his cut - and - thrust of footballs elite after he was sacked by aston villa .
salford city host salford city in the premier league on saturday .	steven gerrard , gary neville , phil neville and phil neville are among the players .	salford city are the top of the evo - stik league first .
manchester united beat leicester 1 - 0 in the premier league last season .	radamel falcao scored a hat - trick for manchester united in january .	the striker has not scored or had a shot on target for united .
van gaal was barca manager when iniesta made his debut for the spanish club during the 2002 - 03 campaign .	the spain international has admitted he is grateful to van gaal for placing trust in him to make his senior debut .	iniesta also admitted he took great joy in defeating chelsea and manchester united during barca 's run to champions league success .
manchester united have paid at least 7 .	85 an hour in the 2016 - 17 season .	the premier league clubs agreed to adopt the living wage at old trafford .	the club agreed to pay their living wage to all directly employed staff .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .	the man in charge of patrolling the sell - out clash has no street fears .
david beckham , paul scholes and roy keane were eliminated from the first round of the uefa cup in 1995 .	sir clive beckham , roy keane and paul scholes were in the second division .
burnley beat burnley 2 - 0 in the premier league on the day of the season .	the burnley striker was sent off for the first time in the first half of the game .	jose mourinho 's side were knocked out of the second half - time on the stroke .
everton beat burnley 1 - 0 at goodison park in the premier league .	ross barkley steps up to take a 10th minute penalty but missed it .	barkley has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the pitch .
steven naismith teamed up with job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool .	the 28 - year - old has worked with the likes of premier league plus , everton and the premier league leaders in the summer of the season .
everton beat manchester city 2 - 0 in the premier league on the day .	roberto martinez says there is no fear of the relegation zone .	the clarets are two points from the bottom three of the season .
manny pacquiao uploaded a picture of one of the shirts in las vegas on may 2 .	the final shirt has an ' m ' for mayweather over a ' fight of the [UNK] .
the impasse has left fans in the las vegas fight with the two camps and the mgm grand locked in a stand - off .	only a few will be sold at the box office for the most anticipated fight in recent times have yet to go on sale , and the tickets are available .
sky sports pundits jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in anticipation of floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .	sky sports are asking people to film their own head to heads to celebrate manny .
tim sherwood wants to leave the club in the summer .	the 24 - year - old has two years left on his contract once this season .	benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches .
liverpool host liverpool in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .	martin skrtel believes gerrard is synonymous with liverpool .	gerrard believes liverpool can overcome the challenge of replacing him .	gerrard says gerrard is ' synonymous with [UNK] .
liverpool beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday .	the 42 - year - old took the side to brink of winning the league cup in 2012 .	the northern irishman is looking to win the fa cup for the first time in the league .
stoke boss mark hughes has claimed tom jones ' song ' delilah ' is costing them a spot in the europe league via the fair play league .	the potters ' faithful have been criticised with claims the original lyrics promote domestic violence .	hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the 1960s song .
paris saint - germain striker will miss three games and marseille .	zlatan ibrahimovic has had his four - game suspension reduced by one match .	psg striker dimitri payet has had four - match suspension for the french olympic committee ( cnosf ) .	dimitri payet and dimitri payet have had their ban .
atletico madrid beat paris saint - germain 3 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	andreas iniesta has been ruled out of his side 's game against malaga .	andreas benzema has been forced out of the game against real madrid .
luis suarez says he nutmegged paris saint - germain defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .	the barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3 - 1 win over psg .
laura robson took the opportunity to cool down in the florida heat .	the 21 - year - old has been training in tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month 's french open at roland garros .
the greek government has put forward a bill that could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in greece .	uefa and fifa say that is direct government interference in football and have threatened to back down .
gareth bale is out of the champions league quarter - final second leg .	the 25 - year - old is expected to be in action for real madrid .	isco and luka modric for the tie against atletico madrid .
eden hazard , eden hazard and paul lichtsteiner are in the semi - finals .	stephan lichtsteiner was part of the goal for juventus in the champions league quarter - final .	lichtsteiner is expected to be the next big thing at juventus .
leonardo jardim says monaco 's performance in the champions league shows you don't need to buy big monaco 's new - [UNK] .	monaco will be without striker lacina traore , james rodriguez and james rodriguez .	jardim says he is ' very proud ' of his young players .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 3 - 1 in champions league last 16 .	atletico madrid and real madrid are in the last eight of the champions league quarter - final second leg of the semi - final .
van persie and jonny evans enjoyed gentle re - introductions into the game as manchester uniteds under 21 side drew 1 - 1 at leicester , although rafael and adnan januzaj both limped off .	dutch forward van persie has been out of action since february with an ankle injury after leaving swansea on crutches .	but he was up and running again in the east midlands , helping set up uniteds goal for sean goss although his performance was rusty to say the least and he was replaced just after the hour .
southampton right - back enters the final year of his current deal at the end of the season and is yet to agree fresh terms .	the saints are in talks with the defender 's representatives over an extension , with those discussions reaching a crucial stage .	southampton executive director les reed , who has been dealing with the contract negotiations .
charlie austin has 17 goals so far this season and will leave loftus road in the summer .	the toffees were among premier league clubs who watched club brugge forward obbi oulare on sunday .
brentford are considering gianfranco zola as their new manager at the end of this season .	the italian was at griffin park on saturday for the draw against brentford .	brentford are on the list to replace warburton .
west ham beat qpr 1 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	sam allardyce 's side face qpr at loftus road on saturday night .	allardyce says green is good enough to rival joe hart for a place .	west ham manager sam allardyce believes green is crucial to qprs .
manchester united and liverpool target 25million memphis depay has held talks with paris st germain this week .	the dialogue between psg and depay represents a threat to the premier league clubs with the qatari - backed french club understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than liverpool .	united have yet to hold detailed talks with the player .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 1 in the champions league on the day of the world cup .	real madrid striker javier hernandez scored the first - half in the last - half .	ronaldo was quick to criticise the mexican striker for the second - half - the - world champions .
henry posted an 84 - minute compilation video of michael laudrup 's goal .	he is a two - time world player of the year after scoring the winning goal for real madrid on wednesday night .	hernandez is a pundit for sky sports , took exception to hernandez 's celebration .
barcelona face paris saint - germain in the champions league semi - finals .	luis suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions .	barcelona face psg on tuesday looking to book a place in the semi - final .
amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york on friday .	kell brook will play manny pacquiao in the 02 arena on saturday .	khan will play chris khan at the barclays center .
manny pacquiao has the style to beat mayweather in the fight of the century .	pacquiao is trained by his father , freddie roach , floyd snr .	hatton expects mayweather to ' find a way to win ' .	click here for more pacquiao .
kell brook will return to action on a pay - per - view show on may 9 .	the 29 - year - old will take on frankie brook on may 30 .	brook will face kell williams in the next world title in london .
the fight on may 2 is expected to break the pay - per - view record of 102m set by mayweather 's fight with floyd mayweather in las vegas .	sky won the bidding war to screen the fight with british shores .
the fight on may 2 is expected to break the pay - per - view record of 102m set by mayweather 's fight with floyd mayweather in las vegas .	sky won the bidding war to screen the fight with british shores .
floyd mayweather has said he is a ' better fighter ' than muhammad ali .	the ' rope - a - for - dope ' tactics adopted by floyd mayweather on may 2 .	mayweather said he was ' better than [UNK] .
manny pacquiao 's open workout day last week was pulled on last week .	the camp was due to be blamed for a half - billion dollar fortune .	floyd mayweather is due for the final conference call in wednesday .
amir khan takes a break from using the speed ball before finishing off a bottle of milkshake .	khan then flipped the empty bottle up , unleashed a flurry of punches to keep it in the air before delivering a knockout blow with a left hook .
karl oyston was ordered to pay 20 , 000 in damages for alleged defamatory comment .	the club are looking at a hefty fine and mandatory four - hour fa education course .	blackpool chairman karl oyston has decided to contest his charge .
celtic beat dundee 2 - 1 in scottish cup semi - final on sunday .	celtic boss ronny deila ruled out of the scottish cup final .	celtic face falkirk in the semi - finals of scottish cup .
stan ternent , hull 's chief scout has watched the 25 - year - old .	he has one year left on his current deal and has a get - out clause for 3 .	2million . poland internationalmaciej rybus is being followed by hull , leicester and swansea .
manchester city will ask aboutraheem sterling 's availability even if liverpool are likely to refuse to sell manuel pellegrini watched city 's academy in their fa youth cup final against chelsea on monday .	james milner will decide his fate at the end of the season .	he has figured in 27 premier league matches this season but started just 14 .
harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason are all products of spurs .	mauricio pochettino says he will not play champions league football .	pochettino insists it is hugo lloris ' ambition to be promoted .
cheltenham town has two games to try and bring the best out of his players .	cheltenham occupy 23rd in league two and have two games left to preserve their football league status .	manager gary johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to pledge to give his all .
tranmere beat barnet 2 - 1 in the fa cup on sunday .	the loathing was directed mainly at manager micky adams , who was announced on sunday morning to have left the club by ' mutual respect ' .	the fear involves dropping out of the football league a week .
micky adams has left the club for two games of the season to play in the season .	adams failed to show for his post - match press conference after the 3 - 0 loss .	the former leicester manager has left his role in the last two games .
shrewsbury beat morecambe 1 - 0 at afc wimbledon .	lucas akins scored both goals in 2 - 1 win at morecambe .	burton secured promotion to league one after a win over morecambe .
steven gerrard and frank lampard have amassed 19 major trophies .	gerrard and lampard will join la galaxy at the end of the season .	lampard will meet up with new york city fc in the premier league .
napoli boss rafael benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the manchester city job the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season .	benitez said to the italian press: ' i have not had contacts with city , unlike what i've read in england ' .	benitez joined napoli in the summer of 2013 and led the naples outfit .
rafael benitez has received fresh criticism of his waistline ahead of napoli 's crucial serie a fixture with sampdoria this weekend .	the spaniard has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria after it emerged that sinisa mihajlovic - the currentblucerchiatiboss - is being lined up to replace benitez at napoli .
real madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	javier hernandez scored the only goal in the champions league last night .	the manchester united team - mates mobbed him on twitter .
aaron cresswell , 25 , has been a consistent performer for the hammers .	the 25 - year - old has scored twice in his debut top - flight season .	sam allardyce says he would be better off continuing his development .
elliot kear is back in rugby league after a season at the end of last season .	the 26 - year - old will return to rugby league following a season with london broncos .
james lockwood has been given two - year ban for breaching anti - doping regulations .	the 29 - year - old has been banned for two years after failing a doping test .	james lockwood was banned from all competition from 3 march .
three cars broken into and damaged within the richard dunn sports centre car park .	three cars were broken into during sunday 's match against hull kr at the odsal stadium on sunday .	bulls are appealing for witnesses , stadium manager mark leadbeater says .
toulon vs clermont is an all - french repeat of the 2013 heineken cup final in dublin .	ali williams was sin - binned for taking out devin toner in the air .	toulon scored the crucial points in extra - time against leinster .
salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 to answer an sos from the red devils .	watson , whose last game was as player - coach in the championship for swinton last june , has stepped up his training ahead of sunday 's home game against castleford after salford lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury .
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's valley parade stadium .	it was a day when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of the fire .	the blaze was believed to have been started by a man in the bradford city .
the fire at bradford city 's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 the 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at bradford 's ground in 1985 .	fletcher believes the fire was not an accident and says he and his family are no longer willing to live the myth .
new book claims police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to ' see if there was anything sinister' .	a new book claims the fire at bradford 's valley parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club 's then chairman stafford heginbotham , who died in 1995 .	popplewell 's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish .
new book claims fire at bradford city 's valley parade was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club 's then chairman stafford heginbotham , who died in 1985 .	the fire was started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that accumulated under an old timber stand .
paul smith and paul smith are set to take on andre ward on june 20 .	the 31 - year - old has lost back - to - back world title challenges in germany .
julio cesar chavez jr was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara .	the 37 - year - old has not fought since knocking out george groves in their re - match at wembley last may .
manchester city and manchester city are four points clear in the premier league .	yaya toure and nigel de gea among the high - profile goals in the last - half of the season .	guardiola has been a shadow of the man who fired manchester city to last season 's title .
patrick vieira is set to replace manuel pellegrini as manager of the club .	vieira is highly - respected among the city players and his work with the youth team .	city 's first - choice managerial option remains the spaniard .
john lahiff , who was bitten by a crocodile , was attacked by a ' crocodile ' at the palmer sea course .	he was playing alone in his golf course , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run - in with the crocodile at the golf course .
psychologists at the university of new study found women compared themselves to their friends on facebook rather than celebrities in magazines .	women aged 17 to 25 were found to read magazines on facebook .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid - north nsw on saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle .	he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on sunday .	tributes have since poured in for the 25 - year - old .
the eerie phenomenon is called an ' earthflow ' and is a type of landslide .	it is thought to have happened at around 1pm on april 1 , which is believed to be in the kemerovo region of russia .
three more of hillary clinton 's ' everyday people ' have been revealed to have strong links to the democrat party .	they are part of a diverse group of people , from young parents and people preparing for 2015 .
icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour .	it also contains dates , sesame seeds and chocolate .	cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients .
video shows galaxy s6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs .	samsung has responded with its own video , demonstrating a three - point bend test on both its galaxy s6 models .	samsung is facing a ' bendgate ' controversy .
dr sandra lee is dermatologist at theskin physicians & surgeons practice in upland , california , and a regular guest on the doctors talk show .	the clips have earned her nearly 60 , 000 subscribers , as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit .
unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over300 , 000 views onyoutube .	video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over300 , 000 views onyoutube .	video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over300 , 000 views onyoutube .
greece athena high school in greece , new york , is reportedly investigating the bullying of a special - needs student to drink urine from a toilet .	the video was uploaded to youtube , which was reportedly investigating .
chan and sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded .	the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals .
the man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck to search for supplies .	the 40 - second - clip recorded by the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania .
the craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square - with the desired effect being a more eye - grabbing and clean - cut look .	in a method reminiscent of edward yeh 's haircut .
glenn hoddle 's team - mates were humiliated by germany in the semi - final .	the arsenal midfielder was given the chance to show his fans on twitter .	the five - time world cup winner scored 77 goals in 92 games for brazil .
adam prowse , 34 , of torquay , was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from michael jacksons don't stop ' til you get enough to pharrel williams ' .	the video of adam dancing with the unsuspecting homeowner has been viewed around 1 .	5million times adam said that he has never spoken to nichola properly .
the footage was captured in santa barbara , california , on display in california .	the bird lifts its head all the way back and opens its mouth to show off the size difference .
the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown .	seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced residents to flee their homes more than 60 years ago .
la llotja is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja .	the tribute will be dedicated to the new york director , who picked barcelona for the setting .
the snowy phenomenon is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists every year .	tourists can view the walls of the murodo - daira area of japan and the hida mountains .
scientists from the university of 1971 claim to have settled the debate once and for all .	the experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) .	the study found that the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a slippery substance called the space .
the three - and - a - half minute video was created by patrick miller and his friend damien , who stayed at the hotel in cyprus last week when they travelled to the hotel .
welsh fort defended britain from french invasion , will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea .	known as st catherine 's island , and home to the historic tower and gun rooms , can currently only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide , which happens for only six hours per day .
incredible video was shot at domodedovo airport in his home country .	the man decided to have a snooze on the conveyor make it a less - than comfortable .	a man curled up on the x - ray scanner and fell asleep on the luggage .
customers are allowed to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea .	the cafe was influenced by the cat cafes that have opened up in parts of far - east asia .
the dog named teeny is captured on video at the dogaroo centre in hong kong .	the dog looks up at the trainer in excitement and gives him a quick peck on the lips .
pilot made the decision to bring the plane down , and due to the bumpy landing the aircraft 's undercarriage was damaged .	moody , 36 , is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise 250 , 000 for charity , and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident .	the team will battle extreme temperatures of between - 25c and - 50c as well as dragging 60kg sledges .
the lion was captured by a visitor to the dierenrijk zoo in the netherlands .	the lion had been freed from the barrel and it was unharmed .	the animal is unable to free the lion as it replicates the challenges .
jeff jeff , who lives in the swiss ski resort , travels to switzerland to compete in xtreme .	he travels to sweden to play in xtreme verbier , with more than 300 , 000 views on youtube .
steven , from the boat , captured the orcas in the boat on a boat .	it is thought that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the water .	the group believe that the rope was pulled from the water and yell .
burns survivor said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire when she competed in an ultra - marathon in kimberley in september 2011 .	ms pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .
michael carrick is the answer for england in the 2006 world cup in brazil .	carrick played in the match against ecuador in the england world cup .	england have won four consecutive england matches .
england are pulling out of event with immediate effect in order to achieve a more varied fixture list .	england have pulled out of the home nations international under 16 tournament .	the deal will be announced on thursday .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has released very few details of the new director of golf 's european cricket role for england 's england captain .	the cricket director of the university of england has released a new promotional campaign on his role in the new regime .	jose mourinho is credited with chief executive of the european tour .
premier league clubs have demanded a deal in the region of 60m - a - year deal .	the premier league will finish at the end of next season .	the league 's mega - rich clubs have conflicting beer deals .
steve peters has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months ago .	the england team - mate will play a key role in keeping troubled england batsman jonathan trott in the first test .
ukip leader nigel vaughan , andrew dyke , andrew cairns and jon agnew were among the leading candidates to take up the newly - created role with england cricket director michael vaughan .	top sky executive andy cairns , jon agnew , andrew strauss and jon dyke have been in the frame for the first time in a new contract .
ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in the general election .	thorpe revealed during the england lions tour of south africa that he had signed a form supporting the right - wing party a year ago .	but he goes on to admit that his ukip backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol and the former surrey left - hander now wants to find out more about their policies .
england cricket team 's involvement with multi - billion - pound fraudster allen stanford has been defended by west indies cricket legend sir curtly ambrose .	ambrose was one of the west indies stars , along with sir viv richards and richie richardson , who accompanied stanford when he flew by helicopter to the lord 's nursery ground in 2008 to launch his five - year jail sentence , just one $20million t20 game into the contract .
sky sports pundit thierry henry will not be allowed to appear on channel 4 's racing coverage of the ecb regime .	sky sports chairman giles balding is snubbing the grand national to present the womens boat race .
marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the clubs transfer and contract negotiator .	she is confirmed to speak at least according to the organisers for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the leaders brand on may 21 .
alex oxlade - chamberlains father mark , the former england international , is acting as his representative since alex split from impact sports management .	calum chambers is on the books of cassius sports management , whose head of talent id is his stepfather steve moss .	kieran gibbs also has a soon - to - be family adviser in his mother donnas fiance andy harris .
raheem sterling is a key player in the premier league 's premier league .	former manchester united boss maurice watkins is chairman of barnsley .	qpr are 19th in premier league , four points away from the relegation zone .	england boss peter moores wants to avoid a new contract .
sky sports will pay 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016 .	sky claim the strategy talk - rather than plain cost cutting - was preparing the station for the varied demands of a multi - platform future where a thierry henry video .
ruben loftus - cheek has been part of the squad for the first - team squad .	jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea 's new generation .	he is set to get his chance next season in the premier league next season .	mourinho has promised to defend the youth cup .
arsenal beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day of the fa cup .	arsene wenger 's side are bottom of the table , 13 points behind leaders chelsea .	arsenal are sixth in the 2 - 0 premier league games in the table .
juan mata is a cultured , classy individual on and off the pitch .	carrick and rooney have football intelligence in abundance: hence carrick slipping seamlessly in and out of the centre - half position mid - game at times this season .
liverpool football club have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since luis suarez departed , and those mistakes look set to cost them their place in the top four .	for brendan rodgers ' sake whoever is in charge of sorting out sterling 's new contract this summer .
michael carrick has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup .	michael carrick was the ' best player ' on the pitch by a mile' .	he has been consistently overlooked by england sir alex ferguson .	england won the quarter - final against italy in the last 16 .
rows over goal - line technology were hardly something new when frank lampard ending up tangled in the scottish cup semi - final in the 2010 world cup .	josh meekings red cards and celtic were awarded a penalty in the 2000 africa cup of nations last year in the world cup in the last - 16 years .
celtic defeated inverness 2 - 0 to win the league cup semi - final .	ronny delia 's side have an immediate chance to vent their frustration .	celtic have no option to move on and concentrate on beating .
celtic were left outraged by referee steven mclean 's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the semi - final defeat by inverness .	celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal - bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings .	celtic had taken the lead in the box by inverness on sunday .
warren picked up his second booking of the competition in sunday 's scottish cup semi - final win over celtic meaning automatic suspension for the season finale on may 30 .	but the central defender , who also missed last year 's league cup final for the same reason , says either the threshold should be raised or all cards should be wiped from the record for any show - piece final .
peter moores has been forced to defend his captain on saturday .	alastair cook 's failure to win the first test in the last two tests .	peter moores ' side face barbados in barbados .
england face england in the first test against west indies .	alastair cook says he is ' a bit of a downer on ' .	england face grenada in the second test against grenada .
new ecb chairman condemned as mediocre .	they failed at the first attempt in what became close to a carbon - copy of the last test as holder , batting with a maturity way beyond his batting position and his tender years , not only held out but went to his century in some style .	west indies held on for a draw with nine wickets down after england had set them a vast target .
jack grealish scored his first premier league goal against queens park rangers .	the youngster scored the opening goal in the premier league on saturday .	the pair have scored two goals apiece for his first team - mates .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday in the fa cup quarter - final at the etihad stadium on wednesday night .	simon mignolet scored the only goal for the first time in the first half of the season .	liverpool will take a place in a semi - final match at liverpool .
liverpool host aston villa in the premier league on sunday in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .	brendan rodgers ' side have won champions league group cup campaign against aston villa .
liverpool beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .	brendan rodgers ' side were knocked out of fa cup quarter - final .	villa boss brendan rodgers says he should be able to go for him .
manchester united beat manchester united 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .	luis suarez was the star man for barcelona and scored a goal in the first leg of the last - half - second half of the game .	edinson cavani and diego costa amongst the goals from neymar and david luiz .
liverpool beat manchester city 4 - 2 at stamford bridge on new year 's day .	juan mata scored united 's third goal in 4 - man win over manchester city .	manchester united beat chelsea 4 - 0 in the premier league last sunday .
england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot in the last 16 .	england will begin next season with a higher ranking than england .	germany will lose a huge chunk of the champions league .
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday .	didier drogba scored a draw with an injury time equaliser in the game .	louis van gaal 's side were beaten by arsenal in the fa cup last year .
diego costa 's recovery from a hamstring injury is going well and the striker could return for next weekend 's premier league showdown with arsenal .	costa sustained the injury in the 2 - 1 home win over stoke city on april 4 .	but his recovery has been quicker than expected and the 19 - goal frontman will rejoin the squad for training next week .
manchester united 's injury crisis does not weaken their team as they head to chelsea for tomorrow 's title clash .	united boss louis van gaal revealed he will be without marcos rojo , phil jones , michael carrick and daley blind at stamford bridge , but mourinho responded by listing their lavish squad .	jose mourinho believes manchester united will not be weakened by injury problems .
wayne rooney and marcos rojo have been ruled out of the clash with chelsea .	louis van gaal described it as the worst scenario at stamford bridge .	van gaal 's six - match ban is the worst result of the game .
jurgen klopp has been linked with a move to the premier league .	the 47 - year - old has been reserved for three premier league clubs .	klopp 's successor will be sacked in the summer after seven years .
chelsea and manchester city are set to battle it out for west ham left - back aaron cresswell this summer .	the 25 - year - old has impressed during his first season in the premier league last summer .	chelsea and chelsea are also interested in english players .
ward has been a mainstay in the first team , making 35 appearances in all competitions .	he has impressed at both left and right back for the eagles this season .	the 25 - year - old has played an integral part in south london .
paris saint - germain 's quarter - final clash with barcelona psg train at camp - des - loges in saint - germain - en - laye , west of paris cavani celebrates scoring for the paris side in the league cup final last weekend .	edinson cavani knows the spotlight will be shining on him this evening .
lewis hamilton claims he is prepared for further criticism from mercede 's team - mate nico rosberg in the chinese grand prix .	the 29 - year - old german claimed hamilton slowed during the middle part of the race .	hamilton insists he is ' prepared ' for rosberg 's tactics .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg have both had their claims in the first - class cabin of their emirates flight to the next race in the shanghai flight to dubai .	the two mercedes drivers have been in public since the chinese grand prix .
hamilton controlled the race in shanghai to seal his second victory in three races and extend his lead at the summit of the formula one world championship .	but rosberg was furious with his mercedes team - mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from ferrari 's sebastian vettel .	rosberg reported on the radio that lewis is driving very slowly .
red bull 's daniil horner has been critical of the red bull team .	the renault managing director has been ruled out of the chinese grand prix .	abiteboul kvyat and daniel abiteboul are under pressure to perform .
manchester city beat manchester united 1 - 0 at manchester united .	vincent kompany and vincent kompany have attempted to move to manchester united when he was a 17 - year - old .	it was the first team - mates of two premier league games at old trafford .
manchester city host manchester united in the premier league on sunday .	manuel pellegrini 's side are in fourth place in the champions league .	louis van gaal 's side go four points ahead of liverpool .
cesc fabregas was shot at loftus road in the first half of the game .	cesc fabregas and eden hazard score for chelsea in the premier league .	arsene wenger 's side have only one shot at the top of the league .
cesc fabregas scored the winning goal in chelsea 's 1 - 0 victory over qpr .	fabregas suffered the break during chelsea 's win over stoke city .	fabregas wrote this note to the orthopedic centre and its craftsmenstefano duchini .
toby alderweireld moved to st mary 's on a season - long loan , just months after playing for atletico madrid in the champions league final .	alderweireld 's form on the south coast has attracted interest from the likes of manchester city and tottenham .	ronald koeman 's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just 6 . 8million .
paul mcguinness 's side beat city 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united in the ' mini - derby ' .	the 22 - year - old was the [UNK] for the first time on the day .
richie benaud , who died last night aged 84 , was the voice of cricket .	the great commentator , who had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since november .	it was hoped he would still be able to commentate on the world cup in australia and new zealand earlier this year .
the former australia captain and the australian captain died on wednesday at the age of 84 .	the former captain of the bbc has been offered a state funeral for the australian prime minister .
richie benaud has died at the age of england in the 1993 ashes .	he was on hand to embellish one of cricket 's best pieces of humour .	benaud said he was ' [UNK] .
richie benaud died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer .	benaud was first and foremost a television broadcaster .	he was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his .
shane warne hailed richie benaud as a ' godfather of cricket ' .	he was also a trailblazing all - rounder who took 228 wickets .	he said he was ' a godfather of leg ' after moving into a career in australia .
michael vaughan is the favourite for the role of director of england .	vaughan spoke to the ecb about the role in the world cup .	vaughan told the daily telegraph he had a chat with tom harrison .
kevin pietersen has been named in surrey 's 13 - man squad for the three - day warm - up against an oxford university side at the parks .	the 34 - year - old has backed former england captain michael vaughan as the right man to ' change the brand of cricket .
faulkner world cup winner james faulkner will play in the bulk of the summer .	faulkner was named man of the match as his overseas player for the match .	faulkner has signed a deal to win the australia world cup .	faulkner will be in the english premier league for the first time .
the tournament received a one - week ban after he appeared at a champions cup disciplinary hearing on thursday .	the namibia flanker received a red card after he was at the champions cup .
owen farrell hopes to be in charge for saracens ' champions cup semi - final .	farrell has been out of knee ligament injury against clermont in the summer .	farrell is hoping to be fit for saracens .
elliot daly has been named the aviva premierships player of the month for march .	the uncapped wasps centre , 22 , scored two tries in march .	wasps director of rugby dai young he looks certain to be included in stuart lancaster 's england 's world cup training squad named next month .
the tottenham striker scored for the first time in the premier league on sunday .	tottenham striker led out his side for goalless at turf moor on easter sunday .	harry kane scored within seconds of his game against tottenham .
newcastle beat sunderland 3 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	sunderland beat sunderland 2 - 1 in their premier league clash at home .	john carver said he had a ' secret motivational ' approach to his side .
adam johnson , 27 , has been charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15 - year - old girl .	he was arrested at peterlee police station in county durham on march 2 .
the blue - eyed australian doctor who features in the latest is propaganda video has been identified as tareq kamleh .	the video of kamleh , who refers to himself as abu yusuf , showed him handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western - style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope .	it was revealed kamleh , completed his medical degree at adelaide university .
xherdan shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer .	shaqiri has been suggested that shaqiri can have a big future in italy .	inter boss insists shaqiri will not be leaving the club despite reports .
spain and benfica looking for all - spanish champions league semi - final between real madrid and real madrid .	spain and italy make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both european competitions .
tito vilanova died aged 45 after a long battle against cancer .	tito vilanova was pep guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club when he played an integral part in the world 's history .	he was let go on to win 14 out of the la liga titles and two champions league teams from 2008 - 12 .
the turkish airlines flight made an emergency landing at ataturk airport .	it was the latest in a series of such incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights .	the plane lands a second time with the right engine .
smita srivastava , of allahabad , in the indian state of uttar pradesh , currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india documented at 6ft ( 1 .	8m ) in the limca book of records .	her hair now stands at 7ft ( 2 .	1m ) more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player .
a 12 - year - old boy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight - foot drain .	it is believed the drain cover had been kicked out of position in the cambridgeshire .
the 21 - year - old spent four seasons at the etihad stadium on sunday .	the premier league champions are currently in the top of the table .	gareth barry believes the youngster is ' too young ' to make the move .
ronnie o'sullivan has appeared as a guest on the show in the past .	the five - time world champion is looking for another title this week at the crucible .	o'sullivan will play matthew stevens in the second round .
eden hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year .	hazard is expected to win the 24 - year - old premier league title .	neville says hazard is ' a killer or a bully ' to defenders if he is a bully .
red devils have endured two mixed campaigns following the retirement of legendary manager sir alex ferguson in may 2013 .	after finishing seventh last season , their lowest position since in the premier league era , united currently sit third in the table this term - 11 points behind leaders chelsea .	louis van gaal has restored some of the club 's old vigour under ferguson .
west ham beat west ham 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	the former west ham fan said he was a ' villa fan ' .	he was speaking at an event in south london .
chelsea are set to be named on the bench for the first time in the premier league .	jose mourinho says he will make a late decision on costas fitness .	the spain striker has not played in a form of hamstring injury .
ann price was the owner of ann 's snack bar in atlanta .	back in 2007 , the wall street journal named her signature ' ghetto burger , ' a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili price , who was a popular figure in the community .
villa beat liverpool in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .	the 19 - year - old has played for the republic of ireland 's under - 21s .	england will hope to turn his head could end up against england in june .
defending champion maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , and angelique sharapova .	the russian needs to reach the semi finals at the clay court tournament .	defending champion sharapova was escorted by a young mascot .
ronaldo and zinedine zidane took part in the 12th annual match against poverty .	clarence seedorf , fabian barthez , jay okocha and gianluca zambrotta were joined by a host of former french international zinedine zidane .	david trezeguet was rumoured to come out of retirement .
arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game , while jose mourinho 's side rarely troubled david ospina .	arsenal david ospina - lucky not concede a penalty after clattering into oscar - but produced a good stop to deny ramires .
eugenie bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy bouchard refused to shake the hand ofalexandra dulgheru cup match at the weekend bouchard ended up suffering not just the humiliation of losing to far lesser ranked opponents in front of her hometown crowd in montreal .
wayne rooney , david de gea and john terry among the players in attendance .	van gaal says he 's not a foul on falcao by john terry in the build - up in the manchester united squad .
liverpool have agreed a new three - year kit sponsorship deal with standard chartered .	the deal is worth around 20million a season .	the sponsorship of the liverpool shirt is worth three years .
floyd mayweather will go head - to - head with manny mayweather in the gym .	the 38 - year - old is expected to pose for a picture with manny pacquiao .	mayweather will return to the fight at the mgm .
west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as 289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford .	the hammers will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the barclays premier league .	sky and bt agreed to pay more than 5billion for under 16s .
the 30 - year - old briton is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship , for audi , starting in june .	hamilton crosses the line in bahrain ahead of kimi raikkonen .
villa beat liverpool in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .	the 19 - year - old has played for the republic of ireland 's under - 21s .	england will hope to turn his head could end up against england in june .
the video shows a group of isis supporters , calling itselfsoldiers of the caliphate in yemen , announcing that they have established a ' caliphate ' in the country the group in the video .	iran - backed houthi rebels fight both the government and the local al qaeda affiliates .
the collection is inspired by the upside , myer , berlei and criss - cross straps and flattering .	the collection includes one and two - piece suits , with megan - cross queen .
abby bishop 's two - day - old niece zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .	bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she wouldn't change anything .
the manchester united star posted a picture of the painting on instagram .	the 25 - year - old has become a vital cog in louis van gaal 's side during the course of the season .	blind has been a key figure for united 's elite competition .
the 34 - year - old was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport .	he was reportedly taken to dubai police station for a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend .	he has been unable to leave the united arab emirates .
jose mourinho 's men are on the verge of a first title since 2010 .	the pfa premier league team of the year for the year in the year .	the 29 - year - old has scored 18 goals in the premier league .
real madrid host real madrid in la liga on saturday .	karim benzema has been ruled out of his side 's la liga game against malaga .	real are currently two points behind la liga leaders barcelona .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao stand to earn american boxing legend mike tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay - per - view in sport .	the 38 - year - old will be picking up $15m ( 9m ) per round and $5m ( 3m ) per minute .
andrea pirlo scored a hat - trick in the first half after a 2 - 1 defeat at the serie a .	the first time pirlo has scored a free - kick for the home side of the game .	andrea pirlo scores a first - half penalty for juventus .
ronnie o'sullivan found himself in a second - round match against matthew stevens .	joe perry is spoken to by referee olivier marteel in his second round match .	shaun murphy left joe perry with a 5 - 3 win at the crucible .
arsenal face manchester city in the premier league on sunday .	cesc fabregas and eden hazard scored for the first time in the last minute .	arsenal face arsenal in the final on the next day of the season .
mark allen was forced into a 7 - 2 victory at the crucible on tuesday .	the 29 - year - old was given the chance to win the title at this year 's uk championship in the world championship in sheffield .	he was given dispensation after breaking his ankle in his first match .
st george 's day posted a picture of his younger self - instagram picture .	harry kane posted photos of photographs and videos of his videos .	england and england star harry ferdinand posted picture of england .
gary neville has slammed manchester united 's performance against everton as ' toothless ' on sunday .	kevin mirallas scored everton 's final goal in their 3 - 0 triumph over united .	neville concurs with van gaal 's assessment - adding that it was the old trafford outfit 's worst performance in the last five or six weeks .
manchester united lost 3 - 0 to everton in the premier league on a 3 - 1 win .	louis van gaal 's side have lost their top four in their premier league clash .	van gaal said united were ' second best in a row ' with the shots .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .	the 30 - year - old went over to the touchline and lifted off his training shirt .	ronaldo offered the young boy the warm - up garment in the front .
jose mourinho has launched a ' fresh verbal attack ' on arsenal .	jose mourinho says his 11 year wait for the premier league title as ' boring' ' .	the blues are 10 points clear of second place at the emirates stadium .
bayern munich beat werder bremen 1 - 0 to draw 2 - 2 at home .	pep guardiola 's well - chasing side are also in the semi - finals of the german cup and champions league .	bayern have won the title with four matches to spare .
wayne rooney was replaced by robin van persie in the closing stages .	louis van gaal 's side were replaced by james rodriguez in the 88th minute lead at goodison park on sunday .	van gaal said the injury was too early to know the severity of the injury .
uefa have charged bayern munich manager pep guardiola after he wore this t - shirt in a press conference before bayern munich emphatically dumped porto out of the champions league .	uefa revealed that the spanish manager had been disciplined because of an incident of a non - sporting nature .
harry kane has been in superb form for tottenham this season .	kane has scored 30 goals in the premier league for the club .	kane also scored on his senior england debut in 2014 .
oscar was sent to hospital at half time for half time in the first half .	oscar was clattered into the field in the 16th minute at the emirates stadium .	the brazilian was taken off in the last - half a - - half time .
london welsh beat leicester 1 - 0 in the aviva premiership clash .	ben youngs scored a 16th minute with a bang , scrum half and captain ben youngs sauntering over the third minute .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao were given a glimpse of the mega - fight .	he was joined by former world boxing council president in los angeles .	current wbc light heavyweight champion adonis pacquiao is on hand .
angelique kerber wins the stuttgart grand prix in the final on sunday .	the 27 - year - old beat top seed kerber in the first title of the season .	wozniacki won the porsche grand prix kerber in stuttgart .
cesc fabregas has been enjoying a return to english football in the blue of chelsea .	the arsenal fan tv contributor , ty , argues: ' i want to know why that is still on the bridge ? '	fabregas is set to start against arsenal .
jack nowell , alex oxlade - chamberlain , gary cahill and gary cahill take to the field at england rugby 's training centre in the st george 's day in pennyhill park .	the video is on display at pennyhill park , where he used to play scrum - half his team - mate george ford .
woods will be back in the pga tour at the players championship on may 7 .	woods has confirmed he will return to the us masters at the memorial championship on june 4 .	woods will return at the tpc sawgrass on june 7 .
the group of prankster called themselves the ' c - team ' as they carried out their ' mission ' .	four practical jokers carry the blue and white letters as they look to make their mark in north london .	chelsea know victory against arsenal on sunday .
ian poulter , 39 , posted a picture of himself with a subzero - fight with manny pacquiao .	the 39 - year - old posted an instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his head .	poulter said the world champion floyd mayweather jnr is one of the players .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney .	the 27 - year - old was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down despite his embarrassing mishap , shinn was in good spirits after the race .
the man , known as jason , from vancouver , uploaded the video to youtube after his wife filmed the stomach - with a needle , screwdriver and a pair of pliers .	the man is known as a needle and a screwdriver in his arm with a family - in - law .
bayern munich beat porto 2 - 1 in the champions league on tuesday night .	pep guardiola 's underwear was on display at the allianz arena on tuesday .	the bayern munich boss was left with a hole in his trousers .
last year 's champions usm algier are currently in fifth place but are just 11 points off the top .	the top two teams qualify for next year 's caf champions league on june 12 .
brendan rodgers has vowed to do ' what is best ' for daniel sturridge as the liverpool striker 's injury misery shows no sign of relenting .	sturridge will again be absent for tuesday night 's trip to hull and while rodgers will not take the drastic step of calling time on his campaign .	he remains unsure whether the england international will play again this season .
27 - year - old will fight jack for the wbc world super - middleweight title this summer .	the hammersmith - born boxer took to instagram to show off his winning bet on friday night at the fight .
floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $1 , 000 per dish chef q .	broner , a three - time world champion , took to instagramto show off the food on show .
drogba smiles as he attends his charity ball at london 's swanky dorchester hotel .	drogba was delighted with how the auction was the focal point of the evening as vip tickets to the upcoming fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday in the champions league .	steven gerrard was denied the chance of a display at wembley on sunday .	brendan rodgers ' side have won 12 of 31 games .
brendan rodgers insists liverpools transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer champions league football as they step up their pursuit of memphis depay .	paris st germain have also spoken to the 21 - year - old , who scored 21 goals in the eredivise this season .	brendan rodgers is hoping memphis depay will choose liverpool as his next destination psv are looking for 25million for depay .
manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 0 at goodison park .	louis van gaal 's side were beaten 2 - 1 in the premier league last season .	manchester united have lost 2 - 2 at the etihad stadium on sunday .
romeo , 10 , was relegated to the role of spectator as son romeo , 12 .	the 12 - year - old was third ethiopian woman to win the london marathon .	romeo wore race number 1081 and represented the rest of the crowd .
john terry has warned arsenal they will not win the league playing ' tippy - tappy football ' and need to adapt chelsea 's veteran striker didier drogba celebrate a hard - fought point at the emirates .	mourinho 's team were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0 - 0 draw at arsenal and left the field to chants of ' boring , boring chelsea' .
the president of the mgm grand has been reduced to the fight against floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .	the majority of rooms on the strip are expected to descend on this oasis in the nevada hotel .
chelsea manager jose mourinho watched fulham under 21s 3 - 0 defeat by porto u21s on wednesday .	the chelsea manager was pitchside as fulham suffered a disappointing defeat in the premier league international cup semi - final clash .	chelsea crashed out of the champions league in the last 16 this season as they failed to overcome psg .
edinson cavani found a novel way of burying a bad news .	the 28 - year - old put on his cardigan and headed for a local zoo .	edinson cavani strokes the head of a male goat .
gary teale 's first - team squad has been on crutches and will miss the rest of the season .	thompson netted two goals in saturday 's 4 - 1 win over kilmarnock .	st mirren 's steven thompson said he was having a ' carry - on ' .	thompson lost his 50th lead in the back of the leg .
the 41 - year - old set the world record of 2:15 .	25 in the london marathon in 2003 .	radcliffe said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race .	radcliffe was due to give a bbc interview on sunday .
franz beckenbauer believes jurgen klopp could succeed pep guardiola at the allianz arena .	the 47 - year - old has confirmed he will leave borussia dortmund in the summer .	the 47 - year - old would be the perfect fit for bayern when guardiola has a contract until the summer of 2016 , moves on .
liverpool fans will stage a protest on tuesday night against the mounting costs of tickets in the barclays premier league .	the die - hard contingent of fans who travel the length and breadth of the country to watch brendan rodgers ' side are staying away from the kc stadium after hull city charged liverpool fans 50 for their sets .	liverpool fans have been amongst the most vociferous railing at the spiralling costs and have regularly held up banners at stadiums .
giorgio chiellini 's first - leg win against monaco on wednesday night .	the 30 - year - old centre - back committed a deliberate handball in the last minute of the champions league quarter - final second - leg against monaco .	juve are on course to progress to the final of thecoppa louis [UNK] .
the highly - anticipated film premiered at westfield london shopping centre on tuesday night .	he posted the image on the hype as he returned to the club where he started his career for the 2012 season .
andy carroll suffered torn ligaments during west ham 's 0 - 0 draw with west ham .	the 26 - year - old will not be available for the rest of the season .	west ham could do with the striker .
wladimir klitschko says he is ready to travel to england to defend his belts .	fury is no .	1 contender for the wbo belt and in line for a new year .	klitschko is happy to return to america to the wba .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach .	the pair will finally go head - to - head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand .	manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account floyd mayweather .
michael schumacher is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team .	the 16 - year - old is recovering at the jerez circuit in spain this weekend .	schumacher is recovering after suffering a serious head injury in a skiing accident .
manchester city striker sergio aguero and marco reus went head - to - head to face the borussia dortmund forward .	the manchester city star has been in good form since the launch of the film .
manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	john terry and gary neville and branislav ivanovic among those in the season .	tony ferreira and john terry celebrate chelsea 's 0 - 0 win against manchester united at the emirates .
rory mcilroy is the world 's no 1 golfer who was a guest at a junior us ryder cup .	the 17 - year - old was a ' guest at this .	no chance , ' mcilroy says .
john terry is on course to appear in all 38 premier league games .	the 34 - year - old has made just 14 appearances for chelsea this season .	terry has played 2 , 970 minutes at the premier league .
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4 - 2 win over celta vigo .	chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes .	the manchester united loanee put his team in the champions league semi - finals in midweek with the winner against atletico madrid .
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga with a 4 - 2 win over celta vigo .	chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of leo messi who nets once every 81 minutes .	javier hernandez scored two more important goals for real madrid as they look to keep up with barcelona .
gerard nishikori was crowned barcelona open champion for the first time .	he was in the first set in barcelona 's 2 - 0 win over espanyol on sunday .	it was the ninth title for the top - seeded kei nishikori in the barcelona open .
the ea sports team of the year was announced on sunday night .	eden hazard is one of the best players in the line - up for the first time in the year .	the pfa premier league side are in the premier league on sunday .
chelsea may have had six players named in the professional footballers ' association premier league team of the year , but they still have some way to go to catch up with manchester united .	the reds top the table with 75 representatives in the best xi since the premier league began in 1992 , while champions - elect chelsea are third with 29 .	yet having eden hazard , diego costa , john terry , gary cahill , nemanja matic and branislav ivanovic feature in this year 's team has seen them close the gap .
bafetimbi gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury .	the 29 - year - old suffered the injury during the swans ' 1 - 1 draw with everton .	the frenchman has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family .
louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target .	the dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life - limiting illnesses at the biannual manchester foundation dream day held at the aon training complex on monday .	the dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life - limiting illnesses at the biannual manchester foundation dream day held at the aon training complex on monday .
arsenal are struggling to win the premier league in the summer .	thierry henry believes arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud .	the frenchman believes arsenal need a ' top ' player to win this league .
carolyn yap - tan says sales via ebay have jumped 10 times since february .	sales of pacquiao t - shirts and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of may 2 .
uk ray - ban sunglasses , 135 , lkbennett .	com handbag , 395 , luluguinness .	com sandals , 34 , qvcuk .	com stripy .	com . uk clutch bag , 145 , fennwrightmanson .	com work mondrian dress , 220 , josephribkoff .	com weekend waistcoat .
usa have unveiled their new kits for the women 's soccer team ahead of the world cup hosted by canada in june .	there have been speculation the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red , white and blue .
ivan rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter with the caption ' happy st george 's day ' .	barcelona are fighting for a league and cup semi - final of the spanish league .
jose mourinho 's side face arsenal in the premier league on saturday .	eden hazard , diego costa and diego costa both progress to the game .	jose mourinho wants function strikers loic remy and willian .
qatar won the final round of voting 14 - 8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot .	fifa have been called upon to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 world cup to qatar new research .
the 30 - year - old adam federici is due to play a man city in the fa cup semi - final .	adam federici has been due to marry his girlfriend micaela gardner on saturday .
edinson cavani is a target for psg against psg on tuesday night .	radamel falcao has struggled at manchester united this season .	cavani has signed on loan from ligue 1 at the top of the table .
manny pacquiao stole the show in an advertisement for the american sportswear company back in november .	the filipino , who has tried his hand at acting , politics and coaching basketball over the year , stole the advert in an advert for floyd mayweather .	the advert ends with pacquiao stating he is confused over whether the fight against mayweather is going to take place .
aston villa beat aston villa 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final .	fabian delph 's side beat liverpool 4 - 1 to aston villa in the premier league on the day of the season .	aston villa host aston villa rivals aston villa at wembley .
the apple watch apple watch sport edition from a height of four feet ( 1 .	2 metres ) .	it is ' protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that 's especially resistant to scratches and impact ' .	apple claims its watch , which has an ion - x glass display , is supposed to be ' high .
the new england patriots beat seattle seahawks 28 - 24 to win the white house in february 's white house on thursday .	the patriots beat the 30 - year - old patriots to win super bowl in glendale , arizona , on thursday , with quarterback tom brady nowhere to be seen in the visit .
jose mourinho 's side beat arsenal 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	jose mourinho failed to impress during liverpool 's 0 - 0 draw with west brom 3 .	mario balotelli was substituted at the same time .	mauricio pochettino 's demands a high - energy pressing .
watford beat brighton 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	slavisa jokanovic 's men beat brighton at the amex stadium in the early kick - off and were hoping to win the top flight .
xavi came on as a half - time substitute against psg in the champions league quarter - final on tuesday night .	former spain international played for 148th time in the competition , more than any other player since the tournament changed to its current format in 1992 .	xavi made his 148th champions league appearance against psg on tuesday .
rory mcilroy pga tour is due out in july on july 16 .	rory mcilroy replaced tiger woods as the cover star for ea sports pga tour video games this year .	ea sports ' new game will be available in july 16 , 2015 .
f1 world champion was spotted on the comedy sequel in a comedy sequel .	the 2 - year - old is one of the most highly - anticipated films of 2016 owen wilson .	he was spotted in the disney animation sequel .
motherwell general manager alan burrows told sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish in the premiership play - off place .	the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play - offs for season - ticket holders .
jason denayer is set to return to england to spend a season on loan in the championship at the time .	the 19 - year - old has been a revelation in his new year - long loan from the premier league last season .	denayer will be defending the english championship with a 3 - 0 win against celtic .
pictures show the moving moments men , women and children living in the united states were reunited with their deported relatives after the border gate to mexico was temporarily opened on sunday .	two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years .
43 per cent of voters think ed miliband is most up for the fight .	only 25 per cent think mr cameron is hungriest for the job .	david cameron is frequently seen as the strongest leader .
mrs danczuk said she had rebuilt her life after being shattered as a child .	she said: ' i will not be ashamed about who i am , ' she said .	mrs danczuk says she could relate to ordinary women like her .
the london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a dna sample from the inside of the dog 's cheek .	the scheme is believed to be 99 .	9 per cent accurate .
philip dunning 44 , from bo'ness , west lothian , made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours .	he went in for his 4am shift at the caledonia produce .
bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff , who also threw out the child 's bottle , in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm .	the 35 - year - old actor mocked the airport , in crawley , west sussex , even further by ending the tweet with the hashtag #scarybaby .
olivier giroud scored an impressive 87 per cent of the season .	the man scored the winning goal in the starting 11 squad of this season .	alexis sanchez scored an angry face with her boyfriend 's boyfriend .
goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine 's disappearance .	the couple 's lawyer isabel amaral said the couple had been told to pay interest .
ronald butcher , a ' private and quiet man' , bequeathed his entire 500 , 000 fortune to daniel sharp after he died in enfield , enfield , north london .	his relatives and family friends say that the will , made just two months before his death , was invalid .
ousman jatta , 45 , married wife beryl , 88 , in gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the uk with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006 .	mr jatta , who is his wife 's carer , had taken her to a care home in february while he returned to africa for three weeks .
real madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	real madrid have won two out of their last three games in the last - 16 clash in almeria .
indonesian attorney - general h .	m . prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for their work .	these executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in january .	mr prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country .
rodrigo gularte , 42 , asked ' am i being executed ? '	</s> <s> as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on nusakambangan island .	he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of wednesday morning .	he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of wednesday morning .
arshdeep kaur , 14 , and her mother shinder , were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them .	the men grabbed arshdeep and made several attempts to ' molest ' her and her mother , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault .
peter okafor , a 19 - year - old victim , had been leaving the club in vauxhall 's goding street .	he was pronounced dead at the scene in 5am on his brother 's passport .	mr beatson , 19 , is accused of killing carl beatson - asiedu and his girlfriend .
george osborne has avoided calls to rule out further help for the country 's top earners , offering vague answers when asked whether those raking in more than 50 , 000 could see the rate lowered .	instead he says the conservatives are committed to raising the tax - free personal allowance to 12 , 500 .
oldham athletic have signed ronaldo brown from real madrid .	the 16 - year - old has joined the club after being released by liverpool .	ronaldo has explosive pace and plays on the nou camp .	he has signed for oldham .
van nguyen was able to fly a ch - 47 chinook , the largest helicopter in the south china sea where they were all ultimately saved by the uss kirk .	this after nguyen somehow managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean just seconds before it crashed - all on his own .	they were also part of the pbs special , the last days of vietnam .
francois hollande has vowed to ' show no mercy ' if french peacekeepers are found guilty of sexual assault in the central african republic .	the french defence ministry has denied covering up the scandal .
aspema lama , 15 , was pulled , dazed and dusty , from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu after he became ' pancaked ' between two floors when the quake hit on saturday .	he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck .
five - month - old sonit awal was asleep in the family home when he was pulled from death by a cupboard that fell over him .	his mother has spoken of her ' overwhelming joy ' that her baby is alive .
scottish first minister talked up her chances of being westminster 's king - maker following next week 's election , with polls still pointing to another hung parliament .	mr miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent nationalists , but a vote - by - vote arrangement remains on the table .
the former police officer , darren stanton , has become the uk 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert .	the full - time human lie can have a background in the eye .
ukip leader says he would not give up trying to pull out of european union .	ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become ' redundant ' as a result of a vote to stay in the eu .
javier hernandez is enjoying a fine run of form at real madrid .	the 26 - year - old has scored five goals in his last six games .	hernandez has impressed in the last two weeks with five goals .
carl thompson , 32 , has put on 30 stone in just three years .	he has not had a job since he was 17 when he was three years old .	mr thompson said he has always had problems with food .
ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from north africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm .	mr farage will make his comments in a debate at the european parliament in strasbourg in the wake of more than 1 , 000 migrants drowning in the mediterranean .
theresa may warned last night that lives will be in danger if britain is saddled with a hung parliament unable to pass anti - terror laws .	the home secretary said new legislation was urgently needed to update the powers of mi5 and gchq , and repair the damage done by the us traitor edward snowden .	the home secretary said new legislation was urgently needed to update the powers of mi5 and gchq .
ukip leader says ukip is ' openly astonished ' by ukip leader alex farage .	ukip leader claims ukip is infected with ' politics ' and ' politics of fear ' .	snp leader said mr farage was ' openly racist' .
terry yorath had just taken over from billy bremner and it was boooooo rangers manager stuart mccall .	the rangers captain was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers mccall hopes that for the time that he is manager of rangers , mcculloch will be the last player to get booed .
the commons expenses watchdog , the independent parliamentary standards authority , had launched a bid to keep mps ' original claims .	but the court of appeal ruled today that it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians .
the 34 - year - old left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels .
author found number of people who considered the end of the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade .	instead , they now exploring the impact of hitler and the nazi regime on everyday germans .
kevin morgan , a 55 - year - old , is accused of attempting a 600 , 000 fraud .	he was in a coffee shop with his friend max morgan in the coffee shop .	he claims he was left too disabled to work after a ' minor ' accident .
anonymous scientist bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her youtube channel .	the scientist claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital .	the area has been closed off to the world .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on thursday .	the fight is expected to take place at the meeting between manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather .	mayweather will be on sale on thursday after weeks of wrangling .
emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , bought the cinema for just 1 , 200 in 2005 and spent 35 , 000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in devon over five years .	they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity , starring alongside melvyn bragg in a 20 - part bbc2 series ' the reel history of britain and in ' george clarke 's amazing spaces' .
charlie patino , 11 , and his family must weigh up offers from arsenal , chelsea and tottenham .	he is a talented midfelder who has been spotted at luton town soon it will be decision time for another luton discovery as 11 - year - old charlie patino and his parents .
the club 's first - team players attended the annual ' academy day ' at finch farm on the day of the small - half of the premier league .	players from the under - half - the - team were in the last six games .
barcelona beat barcelona 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday in the champions league .	lionel messi , ivan rakitic , lionel messi and ivan rakitic shared a picture of the two of them .
floyd mayweather will go head - to - head with manny mayweather in the gym .	the 38 - year - old is expected to pose for a picture with manny pacquiao .	mayweather will return to the fight at the mgm .
jack wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season .	wilshere called on his social media followers to help him lift out the contents of his shopping trolley on monday .	wilshere is closing in on a return to full fitness .	wilshere has called on social media .
arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade - chamberlain 's persistent groin problems .	the 21 - year - old has been required to complete a rehabilitation programme before pre - season .	arsenal are keen to establish a permanent cure for the problem .
messi took to instagram to post a picture of his son , thiago , kissing his wife antonella roccuzzos stomach with the message: waiting for you baby .	messi and roccuzzos first son , thiago , was born in november 2012 and the barcelona superstar has his handprints tattooed on his calf .
amelie mauresmo will be replaced by mauresmo in the 100 - year celebrations .	the 27 - year - old is expecting a baby in august and will be in the latter stages of the us open .	murray is currently in munich for this week 's us open at the iphitos .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach .	the pair will finally go head - to - head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand .	manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account floyd mayweather .
adnan januzaj turned up at the snooker world championships in sheffield on wednesday .	the 20 - year - old has endured a frustrating season under louis van gaal .	the manchester united winger has been out on loan at the world championship .
theo walcott has been overlooked for the majority of the season .	the 26 - year - old has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team - mates .	calum chambers , jack wilshere , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil were also on the bench .
marouane fellaini was substituted at half - time against the toffees .	marouane fellaini and mansour score a 3 - 0 win over louis van gaal 's side .	manchester united beat leyton orient 1 - 0 at goodison park on sunday .
lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez have scored 102 goals for the season .	luis suarez scored twice , including one from the penalty spot .	messi and lionel messi have a century of goals between them and neymar .
sir alex ferguson revealed why he rates cristiano ronaldo above lionel messi while speaking to john parrott over a frame of snooker .	ferguson admitted that he is always asked ' who is the greatest player in the world ? '	before explaining why he would choose his former united player over barcelona 's talisman .
the 35 - year - old completed the london marathon with a time of two hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds .	the mclaren driver said he was ' chuffed to bits ' with his runners .
roger federer believes rafael nadal is the favourite for the french open .	the world no 1 novak djokovic is 30 - 2 so far this season .	federer believes he is the man to beat federer in the istanbul open .
barcelona beat barcelona 2 - 0 at the nou camp on tuesday night .	luis suarez , neymar jnr and lionel messi pose for a picture in the dressing room .	luis enrique 's name was the greatest forward .
addison russell , 21 , may recall his first game at wrigley field with a sense of horror because he let his bat slip through his fingers in the seventh .	the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the cubs ' on - deck circle in the face .
martin odegaard was named among the substitutes for the la liga win .	the 16 - year - old has scored more than 40 goals for real 's under 18 team .	real beat almeria 3 - 0 at the top of la liga .
the two - time 23 - year - old took time out of the spanish grand prix next week .	the pair can be seen posing with his bro in la , and his brother lewis .	the two of the shelby cobra are preparing for the uk .
chelsea host leicester city at st george 's park on sunday .	the blues are preparing for wednesday night 's trip to leicester .	didier drogba has been ruled out of the game against leicester .
fulham beat fulham 4 - 1 at craven cottage on saturday .	robin van persie scored twice as manchester united beat fulham 3 - 1 in the premier league .	van persie made an appearance for manchester united at the craven cottage .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao stand to earn american boxing legend mike tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay - per - view in sport .	the 38 - year - old will be picking up $15m ( 9m ) per round and $5m ( 3m ) per minute .
ap mccoy , jack wilshere and david weir bowed out of the red carpet .	the awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation , talent management and community investment brought through sport .
didier drogba has been awarded for a barclays spirit of the game award .	didier drogba scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday .	the 37 - year - old is one of the children inspired by drogba .
daniel sturridge is well - known for showing off his dance moves .	the 25 - year - old was challenged by kop kids presenter paisley back in february .	paisley sat down with the former chelsea man to ask him how important .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach .	the pair will finally go head - to - head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand .	manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account floyd mayweather .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 , claims his trainer freddie roach .	the pair will finally go head - to - head in las vegas on may 2 - and roach believes his man will have the advantage at the mgm grand .	manny pacquiao poses with his family and author nik vujicic in a photo posted to his twitter account floyd mayweather .
manny pacquiao 's promoter bob arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against floyd mayweather in las vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed .	arum claimed that the draft contract he received on april 15 was not what he agreed with mayweather promotions and mgm when the term sheet was signed a few months ago .
new jersey institute of technology has revealed the first high - resolution footage of a solar flux ' rope ' taking shape on the sun .	a solar flare accompanies the twisting flux rope in the footage , which moves around a common axis before bursting from the sun .
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network ( ukmon ) in portadown , county armagh .	footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .
car manufacturer described its breakthrough as the ' fuel of the future ' .	experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ' blue crude' , which was then refined into diesel .
a surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina .	when the patient puts on the system 's system 's dark glasses , an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer .	it is based on a technique known as ' neuromodulation ' in which electricity .
bettina liano is the sister of real housewives of melbourne star gina liano last year .	ms liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $130 , 000 by the australian tax office .	she has been revived by a deal with the apparel group .
the gun is powered by lithium - ion cells and output ranges between 0 .	2w and 1 .	it is made from aluminium and shoots rounds of 1 .	4 - watt class .
dutch firm hired a pair of a pole dancing robots for an event in shoreditch .	the robots were designed by british artist giles walker , with their moves controlled by a computer .	robots will be pole dancing for a show .
chelsea defeated crystal palace 1 - 0 at stamford bridge to clinch the barclays premier league title .	the gunners and manchester united are likely to join league champions chelsea in the champions league .	burnley are losing pace down at the bottom in a scrap against relegation which still involves the entire bottom half of the table .
jessica fulford - dobson took pictures of young girls in afghanistan .	she was struck by the girls ' confidence and how immaculate one girl was struck .	fulford - dobsondecided said she was ' fascinated ' by the skateboarding program .
li - ion batteries are fitted with thermal imaging and non - invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure .	the footage is the first time the rate of heat generation is greater than the 1 , 085c ( 1 , [UNK] ) .
the wing is able to increase fuel efficiency and reduce noise on take - off and landing up to 40 per cent .	the wing can bend from - 2 degrees up to 30 degrees .	it means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter .
packets of c - 130 masala were sent by pakistan on tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors .	the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the pakistan and pakistan .
britain 's intelligence agencies have been ordered to be ordered to destroy information .	gchq has confessed it intercepted confidential conversations between mr al - saadi and his lawyer .	gchq spied on privileged legal communications to investigate .
eshima ohashi bridge in japan the third largest of its kind in the world rises sharply so ships can pass underneath .	the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi , linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato .	the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi , linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato .
the irish student allegedly raped by jason lee , a wall st banker in the hamptons told how she used ' every ounce of strength left inside me ' to throw him off whilst he violently assaulted her .	the 22 - year - old said she was left in a state of ' disbelief ' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault .
the former boxing promoter , formerly known as frank , is one of the party 's most famous former candidates .	she said ukip supporters should vote tory to keep ed miliband and nicola sturgeon out of power .
research has been hailed a ' tour de force' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung cancer .	the team has been hailed a ' tour de force' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung cancer .
the 91st floor of the 101 - storey shanghai world financial centre , the citys second - tallest building at 492 metres ( 1 , 614ft ) .	the platform can be heard striking the windows of the building repeatedly , and at least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact with shards falling on to the street below .
amanda oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of periscope , twitter 's new live broadcasting platform and has been ' loved ' over 7 .	5 million times in less than a month since it launched .	the brunette starts a live stream , thousands of periscope users around the globe stop what they're doing to watch .
chelsea beat manchester city 3 - 1 in the fa cup final on monday .	the two - year - old scored for chelsea in the first leg of the season .	abraham 's second leg win over manchester city at the top of the table .
celtic are considering a second double raid on dundee united .	john souttar and gary mackay - steven lost 3 - 0 to celtic in january .	celtic are also interested in signing strikernadir ciftc .
jimmy white 's bid to play in the world snooker title for the first time since 2006 .	the 52 - year - old was knocked out as he slumped to a 10 - 1 defeat by matthew selt .	the six - time world snooker championship at the crucible needed two more wins to reach the final .
five men played their own vital role in the normandy campaign .	they are among the first of 2 , 800 soldiers who will receive the legion of honour in the months to come .
floyd mayweather jnr 's sparring partner jeremy ' nichols ' impersonation of manny pacquiao is less than complimentary .	the filipino meets undefeated mayweather in a $300million mega - fight that has been branded ' the biggest bout in boxing history ' at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 .	mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media with the latest being a youtube video featuring his sparring partner taking on pacquiao 's role .
celtic beat inverness 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day of the season .	david raven 's extra - time goal was the first of his first win in the last 15 years .	inverness rejoice in reaching the william hill scottish cup final .
johanna basford , 32 , has released a colouring book for grown - ups in 2013 , called secret garden , it has sold over 1 .	5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books .	now , the 32 - year - olds second book enchanted forest has sold out within weeks of its release .
the fight broke out at a store location in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood .	it seemed the woman in white tried breaking things up at times witnesses to the fight had different reactions .
reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ' surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses .	the discussion , which focuses on brides from russia and the philippines and has so far garnered more than 10 , 000 comments .
manchester city beat shakhtar donetsk 2 - 0 in the first leg of the fourth round .	manchester city play chelsea in the third round of the 3 - 0 win at st james .	chelsea beat swansea 1 - 1 in the semi - finals .
chelsea beat manchester city 2 - 0 at stamford bridge in the first half .	dominic solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the semi - finals .	yaya toure scored twice in the second half of the game .	england face manchester city at the etihad stadium .
chelsea beat chelsea 3 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	they beat chelsea 2 - 0 in their premier league clash at stamford bridge .	chelsea and chelsea are also on top of the table .
chelsea defeated leicester 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	didier drogba scored the only goal from the penalty spot in the late - kick - back in the first half of the season .	drogba scored his first goal for the first time in the last - 16 clash with chelsea .
zachariah fike head of vermont - based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl .	william benn , who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach .	metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found them after a storm last year .
floyd mayweather will go head - to - head with manny mayweather in the gym .	the 38 - year - old is expected to pose for a picture with manny pacquiao .	mayweather will return to the fight at the mgm .
the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700 , 000 square metres , and is set to handle 45 million passengers a year .	the terminal 1 is the second busiest in the world with over the last few years .
bayern munich beat werder bremen 1 - 0 to draw 2 - 2 at home .	pep guardiola 's well - chasing side are also in the semi - finals of the german cup and champions league .	bayern have won the title with four matches to spare .
heather mack , 19 , killed sheila von wiese - mack with help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale st .	regis bali resort .	the 19 - year - old avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are responsible for fuelling the fight .	quiana jeffries , aka chef q , was brought in to impress him with a trial breakfast .	mayweather demands organic produce , but there are a few exceptions .
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , has accused facebook of discrimination .	she believes her native american heritage has been undermined by facebook .	facebook 's helpdesk eventually contacted facebook 's discriminatory policies .
celtic beat rangers 2 - 0 to win the glasgow cup at hampden park .	josh kerr 's team - mates ronny deila and stuart mccall are on the scoresheet for celtic the lead in the premier league on tuesday .
gloucester beat exeter to set up a challenge cup final on saturday night .	the cherry and whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign .	they were unable to capitalise on early territory .
the 45 - year - old failed in a bid to reach the betfred world championship .	the 10 - time winner of the ladies ' world championship saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty after a card .
chelsea beat leicester city 2 - 1 at stamford bridge on sunday .	jose mourinho 's side face leicester city in the first half of the premier league .	the chelsea manager was forced to give his players a half - time 3 - 1 win against leicester city .
the 29 - year - old has won 10 women 's world titles and is the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month .	evans says her world championship is ' do or die ' for women in the main draw .
us scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin , which has a unique ability to activate cancer - killing b - cells in small tumours .	each year in the uk around 41 , 000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer .
castello baronale , situated just 31 miles from rome , towers 3 , 280ft over sea level , and includes nine en - suite bedrooms , a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment .	the castle was born bypope urban viii 's nephew .
celtic are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premier league cup semi - final .	the scottish league cup winners are celebrating a treble - winning season at hampden park on sunday .	the 25 - year - old is in the scottish premiership with six games in the squad .
burlesque queen dita von teese is offering burlesque workshops at canyon ranch , a luxury health resort in tucson , arizona .	the forty - two - year - old teese will offer burlesque workshops .
chelsea beat leicester 3 - 1 in the premier league on wednesday night .	john terry scored second goal in all competitions this season .	radamel falcao has scored seven goals in the season .
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan are expected to be executed in the final hours of indonesia .	quilty has pledged to become the ' pillar of strength ' for the others on death row until the last minute .
the richest fight of all time continues to break through the barriers of history mostly in terms of financial records , naturally .	for the first time in the annals of boxing as floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday .	ricky hatton went to las vegas to take his man of la mancha tilt at the mayweather windmill .
steve davis is a 10 - time ladies ' world title at the world championships .	the king of the baize in the 1980s believes the whirlwind and the doyenne of the women 's tour face tall orders to qualify for the crucible .
harry davies - carr was uploaded to the children 's tv show newsround .	the video was filmed on the video that changed their story .	it was too big to send to the brothers ' godfather who lives in america .
leigh griffiths scored his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday .	the 24 - year - old was a young man in the leith area , says tam currie , his former coach .
falkirk booked their place in the scottish cup final with 1 - 0 win over hibernian .	the hibees were stunned in the 74th minute when falkirk midfielder craig sibbald headed in a meeting on may 30 with either inverness or celtic .
captain al may , british airways , captain derek may , captain al bridger , said: ' we get some spectacular views from the cockpit but many of these can be seen on the way in or out ' .	the harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world .
the ' third eye ' is a point directly between your eyebrows at the point where the bridge of your nose meets your forehead .	light pressure applied to this pressure point will boost memory and concentration .
the world 's 0 .	01 per cent , booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of the world .	the ultra - rich individuals prefer to take off on a moment 's notice and sort out any over - the - top accommodations and activities .
manny pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world over the past decade or so , facing the likes of oscar de la hoya , ricky hatton , miguel cotto and four fights against mexican warrior juan manuel marquez .	but it 's been a tough road to the top for pacquiao from being born into poverty in the philippines .	he spent the early part of his career boxing in the far east before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001 .
justin bieber is will carry floyd mayweather 's championship belts into the ring ahead of his $300million las vegas mega - fight with manny pacquiao on saturday .	the duo have been close friends for years and the 21 - year - old performer has accompanied ' money ' into the ring on numerous occasions .	he even joined the fighter on stage during a recent press conference ahead of the may 2 fight .
sky and bt sports pay 16million a year for live coverage of scottish football .	the scottish game is engaged in a battle with the ibrox side for second place .	hibernian are engaged in an estimated 99 per cent of time .
jeff powell reflects on the las vegas strip and looks forward to the rest of the week .	sportsmail 's jeff powell looks ahead to the mega - fight at the mgm grand .	powell 's reflects on manny pacquiao 's las vegas fight .
stefan bhoys beat dundee 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday night .	the hoops will win the scottish premiership title with a 3 - 0 win at the top of the table with a ' 3 - [UNK] ' win at dundee united .
evans trails ken doherty 5 - 4 at the interval of her world championship first qualifying round match in sheffield .	doherty , who won the title in 1997 , won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3 - 1 at one stage against 29 - year - old evans , a single mum from dudley who is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at the crucible .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao made the 270 - mile journey on monday night .	the 36 - year - old was seen arriving on the mandalay bay hotel in las vegas on monday .	it will be a stop against floyd mayweather at the mgm .
lionard side of lake garda , this lionard property is a luxurious villa with one serious waterfront view lake garda on the lombardy side of lake garda , in northern italy , lies a luxury villa with a view - just several miles north of brescia .	inside , the house is just as breathtaking .	for about 18 million euros ( or 13 million or $20 million ) it can all be yours .
chelsea are set to confirm the 4 .	5m signing of nathan allan de souza on wednesday , beating rivals manchester city to his signature .	the dazzling brazilian attacking midfielder , who turned 19 last month , arrives from atletico paranaense with a glowing and ever - growing reputation .	chelsea 's new signing nathan nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for chelsea .
judy , 55 , dazzled at her son andy 's wedding .	she tries anything from dancing , to pilates and walking in the hills or gardening .	lower your legs and upper body .
unnamed couple have filed a lawsuit against the risque erotic e - book .	the couple were suing the book about the risque use of jimmy kimmel .	the lawsuit claims the lawsuit is ' [UNK] ' and ' [UNK] .
floyd mayweather has a pop - up shop where he is selling t - shirts with a philippines flag in the background .	the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will be held at the mandalay .
racism in the new england states , along with new york , were two of the most surprising discoveries .	the map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast , michigan 's upper peninsula , and a large portion of ohio .	searches for n****r are less frequent in regions .
neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property .	georgia davis , 22 , has been lifted from her home in aberdare , south wales , by a crane during a seven - hour emergency operation to take her to hospital .	it is the second time ms davis has had to be rescued in such a way .
andrew chan , then aged 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , came to have in common was the belief that smuggling drugs would provide them with a short cut to the life of ease and glamour and - their biggest mistake .	the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine , who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia , are now dead .
amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed .	nasheed , the indian ocean archipelago 's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008 , was convicted under tough anti - terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison .
eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial .	the 73 defendants have been sentenced to death in connection with the death .	an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants on the run .
eintracht frankfurt forward alexander meier , the bundesliga 's leading goalscorer , is out for the season with a knee injury .	meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on tuesday .	meier tops the bundesliga with 19 goals , ahead of the bayern munich duo of arjen robben ( 17 ) and robert lewandowski ( 16 ) .
bayer leverkusen release emir spahic from his contract with immediate effect .	the bosnian international has been released by bayer leverkusen .	spahic was filmed fighting the club 's security personnel after the german cup defeat .
bayern munich beat bayern munich 3 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	robert lewandowski scored the second goal of the match .	bayern had a 3 - 1 win over eintracht frankfurt on saturday night .	bayern lost to the second round of the season .
a new zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict new testament creed and wears blue uniforms , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks .	several ex - members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls .
the white dwarf stars are thought to be leaving a ' mass grave ' of white dwarf .	they are believed to be able to burn for tens of thousands of pounds of years .
liris , 32 , is now dubbed the body and the naomi campbell of the plus - size modelling world .	the 32 - year - old has always been naomi campbell and naomi campbell .
sam allardyce 's side face west ham in the premier league on july 1 .	sam allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the back door .	the hammers have won once in their europa league games .
ronald koeman says he may have played his last game for the club .	he has been linked with a move to arsenal and tottenham this summer .	koeman says schneiderlin may have to consider selling nathaniel clyne .
stoke beat stoke 2 - 1 in the champions league on saturday .	the 38 - year - old missed the chance to close the gap on fourth - placed manchester city to two points as they beat manchester city in the premier league .	the europa league is a more realistic goal for saints .
arsenal face chelsea in the premier league on sunday .	ray parlour believes cech would be a ' no brainer ' .	cech is likely to be watching the substitutes bench for arsenal .	parlour wants to play on a regular basis and sell to a rival .
former world champion broner was taken at the barclay 's center in brooklyn on saturday night .	a new york contract was held at the mgm grand garden arena in march .	broner was a huge admirer of floyd ' [UNK] .
andre schurrle and mario gotze are both in the top of the bundesliga .	schurrle and andre schurrle both attended a charity ball to raise money for hamburg children 's hospital .	the pair were joined by hamburg and bayern munich on saturday .
paris saint - germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine site created in his honour .	ibrahimovic has been linked with zlatan ibrahimovic and zlatan ibrahimovic .	zlatan ibrahimovic may not be named on the shortlist for 2012 .
the third day of the trial against suspected aurora , colorado movie theater shooter james holmes continued on wednesday .	if convicted , holmes could be sentenced to death .	holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder .	he admits he was the shooter , his defense attorneys say , but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind .
ana charle , 38 , has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , on monday evening in the bronx .	the mother - of - two was charged with murder and criminal possession of the weapon .
torin lakeman , 19 , and brother jacques , 20 , were found dead in a pub in manchester .	they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the web .	the pair were found in a hotel room in manchester on separate occasions .
steve simonsen was given a one - game ban after he admitted breaking the sfa 's zero - game rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year .	simonsen 's legal team from the prolegal group have confirmed the englishman will not face a four - match ban .
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce , puglia in the south of italy .	it was meant to turn it into a trattoria tomb built 2 , 000 years ago , a roman granary , a franciscan chapel , and even etchings in the mediterranean .
microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new windows 10 software .	microsoft has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones .	microsoft is expected to release new windows smartphones .
samsung sold 82 .	4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year .	apple held an 18 .	2 percent market share after selling 61 .	2 million iphones .	apple and samsung were virtually tied with around 20 percent .
owners of apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists .	it appears to cause the watchs heart sensor to lose connection .	apple has yet to comment on the problem , despite there .
bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner .	using sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been built into the trash bag .
the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used .	adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit .
iron man 's suit is a gold - titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain america 's shield .	it looks at the composition of iron mans suit , super - healing abilities and captain .
scientists have proven its capabilities by using the telescope to find a unique planetary system orbiting a nearby star 54 light - years away .	all three planets in the system orbit the star , hd 7924 , at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun .
named hyperion , the moon 's porous solar system known to be so irregular .	it appears that hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system .	scientists believe around 40 per cent of the moon is empty space .
the world - famous football star is expected to fly out to morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family .	it is thought he will be staying at the five - star luxury amanjena resort , just outside marrakech .	the name amanjena translates as peaceful paradise , which is echoed by its remote , private surroundings .
since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2 , 500 agreed to by peru and unesco .	entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation .
the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to oman .	one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger on an oman airport .
fa cup deal is expected to fund 30m - a - year deal to fund the fa cup .	aston villa will face aston villa in this season 's final at wembley .	fa cup campaign to result in the premier league .
james whitaker is expected to be in overall charge of selection for the first time in the world .	the new director of west indies is believed to be worth 9m a year but comes to the fa cup .
england 's top three are exceptional in the first one of the first test on the first - test first test .	ben stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play in the west indies .	england will face england in the next round of the next match .
daniel levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value spurs sold for them spurs allowed star performers dimitar berbatov ( left ) and michael carrick .	tottenham chairman daniel levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value spurs sold for them spurs allowed star performers dimitar berbatov .
the house judiciary committee passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2 .	it would allow the nsa to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in the senate .	the house bill would create a ' narrower ' collection of the patriot act .
testosterone is at the heart of human life .	the blood of an adult woman before menopause actually contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly female hormone .	testosterone drives the distinctive characteristics of the hormone .
mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways and he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job vanhoenacker , an american , worked as a management consultant before rekindling that childhood obsession .
vincent viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak .	the 46 - year - old was not ' wearing a ' life jacket ' and is still missing .
john barnes and jamie redknapp rap on sky'supcoming series ofa league of their own barnesrapped 1979 classic rapper 's delight for sky 's upcoming series of a league of their own .	in a spoof sketch of britain 's got talent , barnes appearsdressed in a black hoodie and jeans accompanied with a black hat , a gold chain and sunglasses , much to the amusement of the audience .
eden hazard and nathan ake took part in audi 's football challenge .	remy 's hands - to - head challenge for the audi 's with a long - range effort .	loic remy , willian , willian , loic remy and willian score for the first time .
the 34 - year - old was posted on the boy george and the culture club facebook page .	the video of keane 's effort was in la galaxy 's day off on sunday .	keane 's video was apparently posted on boy george & the galaxy .
manchester united star peter schmeichel and oliver kahn have come face - to - face - in - the - pitch .	the pair showcase their performance skills by starring in tipico 's latest advert .	the duo square off in a top trump win over bayern munich .
victoria service was stranded for four hours firefighters used a ladder to help passengers get to safety after some 1 , 200 people were stuck on the east grinstead to victoria train a quarter of a mile south of clapham .	police boarded the stranded trains to hand out water , and paramedics were on hand in case travellers , including pregnant women .
anderson silva says he is ' trying to give back to the sport ' in the ufc team .	the former ufc champion said he will fight for a spot in the brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 olympics in the2016 .
the 21 - year - old was beaten 6 - 3 , 6 - 1 in the first round of the first - round match at the family circle cup in charleston on the day of the second round .	davis was a semi - final , but was in control of the match against the world no 7 .
zac efron has officially left the weedy teenager of high school musical behind to become a bona - fide buff babe .	this got femail thinking about how many child stars have grown into stunning adults , and how many haven't .	he 's come along way since his high school musical days .
the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet 's surface on thursday 30 april at 3:30pm eastern time ( 7 .	30pm gmt ) .	this is an instrument with wide - and narrow - angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on mercurys surface .	the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic .
one in six species of penguins could face extinction .	one in every six species is at risk in south america , australia , and new zealand .	antarctica and antarctica are most likely to die out .
instagram users try to search for the aubergine , or eggplant , emoji hashtag no posts .	instagram doesn't ban pictures of guns on the app , although it doesn't allow nudity on instagram .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale died seven million years ago .	the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution of sperm whales .
the sensation was re - created by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected ' similar perception of their own bodies in the brain ' .	the invisible , creepy presence reported by so many people believe to be a trick of the brain .
jimmy anderson edged closer to sir ian botham 's record for england 's leading wicket - taker in tests look at him .	the 32 - year - old is playing in his 100th test match for england .
chelsea and the premier league are furious with the bbc for allowing it to be known that the new trophy was being displayed at stamford bridge on tuesday .	chelsea and chelsea are the first of the whole of the season on tuesday night .	jose mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on the game .
bath beat newcastle 29 - 19 at kingston park in kingston park on saturday .	sam burgess made his first premiership start at number six .	bath are six points behind premiership leaders northampton in the table .
sam burgess has struggled to make an impact in england 's world cup squad .	the former rugby league star has a majority of his fledgling union career .	burgess was called into england 's rbs 6 nations squad to step up .
bath beat bath 2 - 0 in the premier league on wednesday night .	ford 's first - half goal was the only goal in the first half of the last four .	ford is congratulated at the breakdown of the scrum - half - time he was a masterpiece .
nearly 100 primary pupils from lostwithiel school in cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in exeter , devon , as part of an re trip to learn about different faiths .
nancy perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that no board member asks to sit in on parent - teacher meetings .	nancy perry 's husband nancy perry brought along her husband barack obama and her husband , who complained to the school .	perry is believed to have been removed from the classroom .
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria says women should not be on the back of a camel if they are on his back in a ' harmonious situation ' .	his religious edict and outrageous comments have horrified many in the home country of the country .
30 - year - old called face landmarks like the pupils , canthus or nose .	the system works by analysing 27 points on the face .	it works by using statistical algorithms and may not search for celebrities .
sarah jewell , 25 , is still living and breathing , a fact she proved when , after the irs told her to contact her local social security office in sparta , she walked right in and announced ' i'm alive! '	jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that ' everything 's taken care of' .
the 21 - year - old shared a picture on instagram of her at roland garros .	she has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court last year .	robson has been practising five times in the world .
the idea is borrowed from the hebrew home in riverdale , new york .	a suitor , played by sandler , uses videos to remind her of him .	hebrew home is planning to evaluate the film next month .
david beckham embarrassed his 16 - year - old son brooklyn 's first date in the u.s. .	he is currently filming late - night talk show late late in the states .	david beckham lifted the lid on his son 's first deal .
the comedian sang an excerpt of the song , penned by pacquiao to be his walk - out music for the richest fight of all time against floyd mayweather .	pacquiao 's 80s - style music video includes a montage of the boxer 's fights .
the 36 - year - old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for manchester city .	he will join up with parent club new york city in the premier league .	lampard will join orlando city in july on loan at orlando city .
jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night .	but he had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at ufc 186 .	it was a very stressful period , it was so stressful preparing for this fight .
pillars of creation are one of the most iconic images ever to be captured by the hubble space telescope .	astronomers have produced the first complete three - dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust .	the image , together with data collected by nasa , suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms .
the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles ( 94km ) - four miles short of space - before landing .	it was unmanned , but will ultimately take six people into space the test took place from the companys launch site in west texas .
researchers from the university of forensic found that the temperature of the forehead and the nose is the best indication of a persons state of intoxication .	they say the technology could be installed in cars to recognise people who have had one drink .
stuart broad was dismissed for a duck in england 's first innings against west indies .	the 28 - year - old has taken 63 wickets in the last 14 australian tests .	broad and jimmy anderson are an outstanding combination .
cellino says he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of saturday 's match against leeds .	the leeds united club said the players had gone ' on strike' ' .	the italian insists he has nothing to come to the events .
the 31 - year - old scored a goal in the premier league 's 2 - 1 defeat at elland road .	former leeds captain trevor cherry admits he is surprised by the chaos .	the striker says he has never known anything like it in football .
her father , electrical engineer and photographer mervyn o'gorman , back in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest surviving colour photographs .	they are among a collection of the world 's oldest surviving photographs .	mervyn was 42 at the time when he took the images of his daughter , who languidly sits , in an array of vibrant red outfits , including a swimsuit , a cloak and a shirt .
andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were killed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .	andrew chan and myuran myuran sukumaran were killed by an kfc bucket meal .
mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri .	five of the sextet were signed by banned president massimo cellino .	it is understood that neil redfearn was not aware of the injuries .
the 20 - year - old has scored nine goals so far this season .	hull city are interested in hull united 's premier league clubs .	the hull united midfielder has impressed since the summer .
author martin fletcher points the finger at the late stafford heginbotham , bradford city 's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes .	fletcher , who died in 1995 at the age of 61 , had been connected to at least eight other fires at business premises and insurance claims dating back to 1967 .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain .	the 23 - year - old celebrated by trying to rile dundee no 1 bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as the dark blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from jake mcpake and paul heffernan .
chad hurst , a former corrections officer , was charged with assault and public intoxication .	the young man was carrying a skateboard , sucker punched hurst , who was on the ground , and had a word with him about the incident .
the revelation follows widespread public anger at indonesia 's executions of australian nationals myuran sukumaran and andrew chan despite the pleas of the federal government .	it also comes as one of the few australians known to be facing death row in china - sydney man peter gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months .
the storm caused havoc in saudi arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close .	strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption , which resulted in nearby dubais skyline .
jennifer saunders , who wrote and starred in the series , confirmed yesterday the cast will begin filming in the autumn .	she revealed that joanna lumley , who plays patsy in the comedy ( pictured with saunders ) had told her to do it before we die and she was spurred on to finish the script by a 10 , 000 bet with dawn french .
more than 70 per cent of britons rightly identified chicken as the main source of food poisoning .	fewer than one in three have heard of the world 's biggest cause of eating chicken .
aliesha aliesha , a young woman on her reddit , shared a set of inspiring before and after images of her go from 145lbs to 127lbs and enabled the alberta , canada , resident to gain a noticeably fitter .	she admitted that she started cooking her own meals and choosing to maintain her self - esteem .
change . org petition calling for adverts to be pulled from london underground .	posters are now being removed from transport for london ( tfl ) .	posters have been removed from the london underground in london .
arsenal won last season 's fa cup , which will be rebranded as the emirates fa cup in a new 30million sponsorship deal in a move that will upset traditionalists , the fa are understood to have secured a three - year contract with emirates airlines .	the deal , due to be rubber - stamped by the fa board on thursday , is believed to be worth at least 10million a year but comes at a cost for lovers of the 144 - year - old competition .
arsenal won last season 's fa cup , which will be rebranded as the emirates fa cup in a new 30million sponsorship deal in a move that will upset traditionalists , the fa are understood to have secured a three - year contract with emirates airlines .	the deal , due to be rubber - stamped by the fa board on thursday , is believed to be worth at least 10million a year but comes at a cost for lovers of the 144 - year - old competition .
manchester city beat cb 7 3 - 1 in glasgow on saturday night .	the striker is set to play in the usa in montreal on saturday .	the manchester world champion has won five years in the uk .
andrei arshavin is set to join russian league leaders zenit st petersburg at the end of the season .	the former bayern munich midfielder has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the two - year deal .
mourinho says he is still considering whether to join a club where he will play .	he has a shot against shonan bellmare in a j - league game .	he is expected to face a new club in the premier league .
carl frampton has been given a 1 .	5million fight in manchester .	he has been offered 1 .	5m reasons for the fight with carl frampton .	quigg is the defending champion and wants to fight frampton .
alastair cook 's innings into day three in grenada was spot on , particularly the first hour of it cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76 yet it is nonsense to say a batsman .
charlie austin is yet to receive an international call - up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr austin scored in qpr 's 3 - 3 draw with fellow premier league strugglers aston villa .	harry kane , english footballs leading goalscorer or daniel sturridge , the man whose partnership with luis suarez almost propelled liverpool to the title last season .
chris hardman , 24 , was found hanging at his home by a friend .	he was shot to fame after a long battle with kiss frontman gene simmons .	mr hardman 's family said he was ' a ' huge personality ' .	he said he had been ' a huge star ' and ' [UNK] .
mother - of - two was diagnosed with post - traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) .	she is best known as a judge of itv 's show britain 's got talent .	she has been diagnosed with a devastating miscarriage in the near - death experience .	the 44 - year - old married record producer chris hughes in 2008 .
michelle filkins , 44 , has been charged with trespassing over $250 , and a malicious destruction of property .	she was arrested on april 17 after she allegedly broke into a home on the home of a home in edgartown , boston .	police are asking anyone who received items from the home to return them .
khloe kardashian has hit back at critics of her instagram post reaction to monday night 's riots in baltimore .	the 30 - year - old reality tv star posted - then later deleted - the message ' pray for baltimore ' to instagram on monday night as protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray turned to riots .
the 55 - year - old is refusing to go down ' without a fight ' as he prepares to return to his post on nbc nightly news , according to a source close to the network .
angel di maria has endured a mixed start to his united career on - and - off .	the 27 - year - old has been linked with a move away from old trafford .
the fake ' challenge was laid down to the public to ' spot the fake' .	now , three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of 3 , 000 people got it correctly .
alistair brownlee recovered from a victory in his first world triathlon series action in cape town .	the 27 - year - old missed the first three weeks of the season due to an ankle injury .	he missed his first three events of the last - three women 's last year due to a race .
the 21 - year - old held a four - shot lead in the final day of his first win at augusta on sunday .	he was the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters in 2014 .	spieth shattered record after record on the way to his win at the masters .
the 59 - year - old was one of the first people to congratulate anderson after the test match on friday night .	sir ian botham said he was ' always larger than life and in your face ' .	cook wanted to be the centre of attention .
manchester united beat manchester united 4 - 2 in the premier league on saturday .	louis van gaal is among those in the running for a new manager of the year .	united are seventh in the top four .
giorgio chiellini 's first - leg win against monaco on wednesday night .	the 30 - year - old centre - back committed a deliberate handball in the last minute of the champions league quarter - final second - leg against monaco .	juve are on course to progress to the final of thecoppa louis [UNK] .
leicester city beat leicester city 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	leicester city striker jamie ulloa scored his first goal in the season .	leonardo ulloa scored a late winner to keep his survival .
gateshead beat barnet 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	mauro vilhete scores two goals from mauro vilhete and mauro vilhete .	mauro allen equalised for martin allens fourth spell in the pitch .
mauro vilhete scored a brace for barnet after a 2 - 0 win over gateshead .	martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful .	the club will have to make do with the play - offs .
the 25 - year - old will be putting down $10 , 000 on a stoppage in the fight .	the fight is expected to give the las vegas mega - fight between floyd mayweather and pacquiao .
the 28 - year - old has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the russian giants .	hulk , who has 41 caps for brazil , recently signed a long - term contract .
25 - year - old demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a second left .	johnson won 25 minutes in the first round of the second round of 25 - 2 - 2 - 1 .	johnson retained the ufc first bout with a win over kyoji .
monaco are bidding to overturn a 1 - 0 deficit in champions league semi - final .	the monaco squad are taken through their paces ahead of the quarter - final against juventus .	dimitar berbatov and alain traore are taken to training on tuesday .
free - scoring england will fear nobody at this summer 's world cup finals .	the manchester city striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in canada in june .	england scored a remarkable 52 goals and the task now is to translate that prolific scoring form into the tournament itself .
tottenham are interested in dynamo kiev 's andriy yarmolenko .	mauricio pochettino has been watched by paris saint - germain .	spurs believe they can land yarmolenko for the white hart lane club .	spurs also interested in signing andriy yarmolenko in the summer .
psg are weighing up a 15million move for dinamo kiev winger angel di maria .	zlatan ibrahimovic , romelu lukaku , mario balotelli and paul pogba are also interested .	psg have been warned off manchester united 's argentinian .
west ham are sixth in the barclays premier league for the premier league .	spurs have been linked with florian thauvin and dynamo kiev 's andriy yarmolenko .	eriksen says the lure of europa league football was important in the decision .
guenter grass , best known around the world for his novel " the tin drum , " has died .	grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide .	grass accused of selling weapons to kill masses of iranians .
tiger woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm , but he should have been fitted with a red - hot poker .	he spent so much time in the trees .
the 22 - year - old has been left out of the squad for a 15m deal .	the winger has been watched by chelsea and marseille .	the midfielder has been held by tottenham for a 30m deal .
daniel levy is known to be one of the premier league 's top keepers .	the club are considering a move for hugo lloris .	spurs are interested in signing hugo lloris for a five - year deal .
pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their childs health at risk .	because milk is the main source of iodine in the british diet providing 40 per cent of daily intake switching to organic milk .
osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , was moderating a town hall event when he started getting a ' little long - winded ' . '	osman thinks i've been talking too long , ' he said as the audience laughed obama .
the four - year - old girl was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears earlier this month .	mom brein bjorson was flying with mazzy and her other daughter birkly from tampa to pittsburgh on their way home from vacation .	the crew fashioned mazzy a birthday cake made from toilet paper and a princess crown out of pretzels .
15 - month - old youngster emulates the way her pregnant mother walks in the background .	the mother of two writes that she jumps out of the way and walking towards the room .
taxi driver channelled his driver to the surprise of his customers .	the driver lets the taxi driver falling silent along to the pavarotti song in tune and word perfectly .	the passenger sang along to a passenger filming along to pavarotti .
incident took place in olani village , near the manpur village , four kilometres from manpur , in central india .	the man did not suffer any serious injuries as the result of the incident .
five - month - old baron the german shepherd was captured in a videousing the toilet .	he was filmed using the toilet as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself .	he puts down the toilet seat and flushes before running out of the sink .
liam sandham , of fleetwood , has gone viral with a beam of magnifying glass .	the video shows liam sandham and liam lifts his unsuspecting friend in a van .	the prankster films his friend who looks at his friend .
bailey murrill , of denton , texas , had been paralyzed for 11 days .	she had regained feeling and movement in her legs and walked towards her .	the video was filmed by her mother becky murrill .
rita wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims: ' it 's only fair that men should have it all .	the clip , which was created by the make it fair project , presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood , which means that , more often than not , males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industrys most important positions .
six women and their children were blindfolded and asked to pick their mother out of the group .	the heart - warming video has so far been viewed 2 .	2 . 8 million times .
raymond yeung claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay .	the vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast , with a string of different accounts coming to light .	the animal was discovered swimming in shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay .
harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy known collectively as slide christchurch videoed themselves descending new zealand 's dunedins baldwin street on three - wheeled vehicles known as ' slide trikes' .	the short clip opens with a warning message , before the riders take their position at the top of the hill , famed for its 35 per cent gradient .
shibu inu and husky feature opposite one another in the american kennel club centre .	the puppy is around two - to - three - weeks - old and generally consists of grunts and husky .
meron pepiot , a newly - victorious university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon , who competes for the university of washington .	but at a different event , a crowd of more than 3 , 000 people saw the distance .
carol bennett - chevereau , from quebec , canada , filmed her back legs through the air with the rest of his body trapped in his escape .	the cat 's adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag .
footage taken at a birthday party in china 's sichuan province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage .	the woman holds two people on a plank of wood and clinging to either side of the wood .
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch .	footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up .
german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .	he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .	baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .
recording himself from behind , the snowboarder appears to make a success of the video .	the snowboarder , in a bright purple jacket , is using a selfie stick to spray in the head .
saskia , 17 , whose username is @saskiaisabxlla , posted excerpts of the exam on monday with the message boyfriend made me take an @arsenal exam .	for saskia ( surname withheld ) , the stakes were high before she scored 43 .	5 out of a possible 50 points , or 87 per cent .
mesut ozil was the beneficiary of the england international .	the 26 - year - old is expected to start for arsene wenger 's side in the premier league on sunday .	wilshere was on the bench in the fa cup semi - final .
ufc light - heavyweight jon jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit - and - run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman , according to albuquerque pd spokesman simon drobik .	if jones is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20 - something woman .
michael bisping was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold .	he was floored in the first half by a left hook in the second half .	bisping said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night .
chris smalling has signed a three - year contract extension at manchester united .	the 25 - year - old has been linked with a move to arsenal .	louis van gaal 's side have been branded ' stupid ' by manager .
pele and beckenbauer were reunited in new york on friday .	the pair played for new york cosmos together in the 1970s .	beckenbauer and pele are two of the greatest footballers ever to have .
hashim amla has been recruited to join derbyshire next month .	derbyshire has been signed for an short - term contract with derbyshire .	amla has signed a short - time appearances for derbyshire in the summer .	derbyshire will play five matches for south africa .
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach .	the 48 - year - old has served his country as part of the coaching team since the 2011 .	allan donald says he wants to stay in the south africa .
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii .	they found that robots designed for surgery could be ' disrupted ' .	this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them .
randy boehning , a 21 - year - old gay man , has been accused of using his penis to a gay man in the state 's house of gay rights .	he was accused of assaulting his workplace in grindr .
jia jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur that , as a child in china , he dug a hole in the garden , intending to reach america by the shortest route .	it would take someone exceptionally optimistic and uncynical to propose an alternative thesis , and jia jiang is both of those .
mo farah will step down in distance for the first time since june 7 .	he will race in birmingham in monaco in seven years .	the double olympic champion is unbeaten at the alexander .
thierry henry believes arsenal need to sign four players this summer .	arsene wenger is looking to add to his squad ahead of the premier league season .	petr cech looks set to leave chelsea .
sarah weatherill , a 31 - year - old red bull , drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic , depressed , heart palpitations .	she was so dependent on the energy drink she could suffer a seizure as her body was caused by hypnosis .
john warden , 52 , has turned his car into his home after his home burned down years ago .	the rv - dwellers is a capsule home in the sodo ( south of west ) area of the city in washington state , where he used to be a cook .
48 - year - old has been charged with murder and attempted murder .	knight 's lawyer says mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight .	the rap mogul is set to be bailed out in court next week .
terry carter , co - founder of death row records , has denied killing terry carter and trying to kill cle ' bone ' sloan in a parking lot in compton on january 18 .	police say the rap mogul growled ' i'm going to kill you ' before ' everything went black' .
wigan beat wigan 2 - 1 at the dw stadium on saturday .	wigan beat wolves 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday night .	james mcclean and malky mackay were also on the bench .
wigan beat millwall in the premier league on wednesday night .	the lions boss gary caldwell , who played for millwall on loan from manchester united , lashed out after failing to win a corner on the hour , it was set up for the hosts .
petra wetzel , 40 , is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine .	she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006 .	she was heard about the huge popularity of petras .
cui hongfang , 73 , died at the great wall of china after she struck her head .	she was knocked over by a canadian woman after she fell down the stairs after she was attempting to stop her from the hotel .
audi tt roadster 2 .	0 tfsi s line quattro ( 230ps ) price as driven: 54 , 180 evolution: the new 2 .	1 good the interior of a manual version of the audi soft - top can be seen here bad here bad here bad .
the accident occurred in southeastern albuquerque just before noon on sunday local time when the driver of a rented suv jumped a red light .	the driver , whom an off - duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again .	police were searching for ufc champion jon jones in connection with a hit - and - run accident .
former chelsea star michael essien 's 75 , 000 range rover vogue has been stolen from the driveway of his surrey home .	burglars targeted the property , in cobham where chelsea 's training ground is based , and made off with the 4x4 .	ghana midfielder essien , 32 , left the blues for italian club ac milan in january 2014 .
mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career to date .	he will host a party at home on sunday for family and friends .
javier hernandez is enjoying a fine run of form at real madrid .	the 26 - year - old has scored three times in his last two games .	the striker faces an uncertain future from the end of the season .	united will field offers of around 10million from old trafford .
javier hernandez has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants .	carlo ancelotti is willing to rush into a decision on javier hernandez .	the mexico international is on loan from old trafford .
michael and rosalia juskin had a ' history of domestic issues ' .	100 - year - old michael juskin allegedly killed his wife rosalia , 88 , with an axe while she slept before he committed suicide with a knife on sunday night .
blaine boudreaux has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate dui collisions .	his mother , cynthia , was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones .	boudreaux was arrested at the scene after failing a field sobriety test .
at least two of cournswood 's long - term residents have had strong bletchley connections .	the first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there .
former australian radio host mel greig has written an open letter to the media , warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events .	the former 2day fm co - host , who shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prankcall during the duchess of cambridge 's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call , penned the letter to ask the media , ' have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call ?
damian lewis , who has researched the codpiece for her phd , said those used in the show would have been far too modest for henry viii 's court .	this is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of hilary mantel 's books .
hatton , 51 , met up to discuss the possibility of the 51 - year - old hitman .	benn landed a series of training as a charity worker in the ring .	benn knocked out of the wbo middleweight title at his home .	benn stopped chris eubank in the 2016 olympics .
micah richards is a free agent at the end of the season .	his contract at manchester city is set on a return to the premier league .	richards will be on the move again this summer .
west ham striker will not have a break over the summer of the summer .	the west ham forward is currently working hard in the club 's rehab .	carroll is currently training with his girlfriend billi mucklow .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid - north nsw on saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle .	he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on sunday .	tributes have since poured in for the 25 - year - old .
the giraffe 's leg was witnessed by researcher brent stapelkamp in hwange national park , zimbabwe .	the lioness refused to let the giraffe escape despite the danger she was in .	the determined cat had been chasing the giraffe , which can grow to six metres tall .
the 16 - year - old has scored more than 100 goals for real madrid in january .	odegaard joined real madrid for five years at the spanish giants .	odegaard was pictured with former brazil international .
21 - year - old was declared the winner by lop - sided scores of 30 - 26 and 30 - 27 in just her second fight in the promotion .	vanzant was 18 when she won her first professional bout in texas and stepped up to the all - women invicta promotion in january 2013 .
paige vanzant , 24 , had to be pulled apart from the ufc in new jersey .	she was signed by the ufc for the newly - formed 115lb division .	the ufc star has enjoyed a spectacular rise in the ufc .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	jose mourinho has come under fire for chelsea 's game against manchester united .	but jose mourinho is the most expensive player to win the title .	click here for chelsea transfer news .
david inverness beat celtic 1 - 0 in the scottish cup semi - final on saturday .	david raven , 30 , and ryan christie , have scored the winner for inverness .	celtic were beaten by rafa benitez 's celtic in 2005 .
manchester united face manchester united in the premier league next season .	louis van gaal will not be judged on his ability to stay at the end of the season .	van gaal has been linked with sir alex ferguson .
teana walsh , who is paid by michigan taxpayers to pursue justice , wrote an unhinged post on her facebook urging a deadly response to violence in baltimore , maryland .	walsh said that the post was ' completely out of character' .
the van is smooth on the inside of the baltimore police department .	the van was carried out by baltimore police on the day of the van .	gray 's ' head injuries were consistent with a bolt ' in the back door .
georgia davis , 22 , had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare , south wales .	it was the second time in the village of cwmaman , on the main aberdare , on wednesday .
labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above zuccoli - 25km southeast from darwin - on friday morning .	a phallic shaped cloud which appeared last week inzuccoli , 25km southeast of darwin the mother of - four told daily mail australia she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works .
police officers were throwing a rock back at protesters in baltimore , police say .	the death of the baltimore police officer threw a piece of rock back .	police are investigating the incident .
the ad world 's top gunslingers is rely on more modern methods to reach them .	the men in the ads have something of the don draper from hit series mad men about them .	it 's hard to distinguish between physical fitness and alcohol .
the 31 - year - old was filmed wearing hip hop - style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict .	libya 's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al - style .
brad hazzard said it was a ' very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future .	mr hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer - funded housing had hit $12 million .
new yorker philip lyle hansen , 56 , has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges .	the woman , 47 , is accused of removing her teeth with pliers .	hansen said he was trying to help the woman extracting her teeth .
tony scholes was understood to be in the serie a club .	the 23 - year - old has become an integral part of sampdoria 's side .	the midfielder is available for around 6million .
former treasurer joe hockey was not impressed with the costello critique , lamenting the fact his liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the howard government years . '	lower , simpler , fairer ' income would trap australians in poverty .
alastair cook grafted his way to 103 against england in the world cup .	he was admonished for the first time in the first round of the season .	west brom have won the first world cup campaign against england .
toya graham , a single mother - of - six , was ' lost it ' when she saw michael at monday 's riots carrying a rock and walking towards police officers .	miss graham , 25 , died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by the baltimore police .
the two incidents have raised concerns aboutthe security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz , pentagon spokesman colonel steven warren said .	news of the first incident was revealed by the pentagon after iranian guards seized mv maersk tigris this week .	iran has said it seized control of the container ship due to a commercial dispute with denmark 's giant maersk group .
former indonesian army general prabowo subianto twice privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved , the west australian reported .	it 's understood mr prabowo penned a letter to mr joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to ' postpone the executions indefinitely' .
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor 's recent comments on his comments about being able to ' kill ' the boxer inside 30 seconds .	the undefeated champion claims he is just being a ' publicity hound ' .	floyd mayweather claims the ufc star is being a publicity hound .
musk introduced the powerwall device at a press conference in california last night and said the technology could ' change the world' .	the device , which could be in homes by the end of summer , will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper .	powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs , and can be installed on an outside wall .
the pacific ocean is narrowing at a few centimetres per year .	it will form a new supercontinent based on the indian and eurasian plates .	the pacific sea is set to be centered near the border of india and asia .
researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the early ahmarian culture and the protoaurignacian culture , living in south and west europe and west asia around 40 , 000 years ago .	they found the stone points as tips for the demise of neanderthals .
james houlder and his girlfriend , vicki hood , had saved up for months for the sunshine break at the sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh .	but within just hours of arriving at the first choice resort , the couple say they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea and were barely able to leave their room .
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker jackson martinez last week .	28 - year - old wants to leave portugal this summer and his club will listen to a move .	paris saint - germain checked on 30million - [UNK] .
manchester city striker natasha flint bagged a first - half hat - trick as the young lions squad came from a goal down to secure an impressive victory at seaview .	manchester city 's natasha flint bagged a hat - trick as the young lions squad came from a goal down to secure an impressive victory at seaview .
alastair cook 's innings into day three in grenada was spot on , particularly the first hour of it cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76 yet it is nonsense to say a batsman .
the 65 - year - old has long been working for the high street giant .	has taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season .	she has admitted that she has never had cosmetic surgery .
riccardo tisci , 40 , is set to appear in a new ad campaign to promote her own brand .	he is a fan of the givenchy designer , riccardo , and donatella , second in the campaign .
former two - weight world champion haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced .	haye has said the ' bounced ' cheque was down to an administrative error .
qpr travel to queens park rangers in premier league on saturday .	chris barnes says black managers are difficult to get a job after being sacked .	ramsey is operating as the only black manager in the premier league .	ramsey has been vocal on racism in football .
the ex - college player was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test .	he was booked into the clark county detention center in las vegas last week .	he said he ' mocking anyone now ? '
raheem sterling is no stranger to the back pages , but he hit the headlines again for all the wrong reasons on sunday after he was allegedly pictured smoking a shisha pipe .	sterling recently snubbed a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract at anfield amid fears he could leave the club this summer .
samples of the oarfish were sent to see otago museum for testing .	samples of oarfish are known to swim vertically as well self - amputate its own tail .	department of conservation service boss said he had never seen anything like it .
mike coupe , 53 , was convicted of embezzlement last september after his ex - sansbury'sbusiness - nasharty accused of trying to illegallyseize cheques .	sainsbury 's has been sentenced to two years in an egyptian jail after a former business partner of the british supermarket claimed mr coupe tried to seize money from him .
joe root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour for england .	the young english batsman has been superb in his middle - order role .	he has been left out of the game against england and england .	alastair cook has struggled to cope with his fitness .
russian hiker performed surgery on himself at the top of the mountain using items from his first aid kit .	it is believed the man , whose nickname is ' che' , was struck by a huge falling icicle , causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma .
anders lindegaard tied the knot with the red devils last year in a romantic beach wedding inmauritius .	lindegaard and beqiri have been dating since 2012 .	the 31 - year - old moved to the premier league in 2010 .
david howman , director general of wada , said this week that he is ' disappointed ' .	armstrong won the tour de france every year from the world anti - doping agency .	armstrong said he reached out to howman in hopes of discussing a potential ' .
independent commission for reform in cycling 's ( circ ) report concluded that , under verbruggen 's leadership , the uci had colluded with armstrong to cover up allegations the seven - times tour de france winner had doped .	verbruggen has now written to all uci board members saying he has put the ' scandalously biased ' report .
arsenal beat chelsea 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday night .	mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks as chelsea beat chelsea .	ozil has scored the winning goal in 2003 - [UNK] .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	lambert missed out on saturday at west brom because of a hip injury .	lambert has scored 20 goals for southampton this season .	click here for more manchester united news .
manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday .	louis van gaal has been linked with a move to manchester united .	daley blind is a poverty - old pauper 's version of carrick in the midfield .	ilkay gundogan is a no - brainer for united in the summer of the season .
patrick vieira has been part of the coaching team at manchester city since he retired vieira worked asfootball development executive at city before becoming reserve team manager vieira is one of the potential candidates in the frame to replace manuel pellegrini - if he were to leave under premier league rules .
carles puyol is believed to be playing for new york city or new york .	the 36 - year - old has been named in uefa 's european team of the year .	the former team - mates have been named as the club 's assistant director of football .
toby huntington - whiteley , 25 , stars in the new summer advert for men 's clothing brand , jacamo , certainly doesn't disappoint .	the 25 - year - old personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer , 37 , as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand 's summer campaign .
tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tons in weight .	the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece .	the avert system then works by sending a deployment unit to scan the area again and identify new potential obstacles .
progress m - 27m appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at nasa 's mission control .	it was due to dock with the iss six hours after take off , but that plan has been ' indefinitely abandoned' .
taline gabrielian , 33 , of sydney 's northern beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites , including mars bars , snickers , bounty , twix and cherry ripe , and published the recipes through her best - selling food app , hippie lane .
researchers at yahoo labs in california created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device .	called bodyprint , the card was created by illinois - based duo joel paglione and niko zistakis .
the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby .	the credit card - sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet a day .
the glasses were insured for up to $2 , 000 .	the 26 - year - old will be extradited back to 12 years in prison .	the rock ' n ' soul museum said the case showed no damage in the glasses .
the top - of - the - range elx is powered by 1 .	6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines .	the entry level se , from 12 , 000 , is finished in grey .
the poster was posted on the london underground poster of a genetically - blessed model in a small yellow bikini .	came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the poster .
fabio created a short video that was played at the end of the film .	the pair met in australia , ending up in the country , and the couple met in the uk .
researchers have discovered the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ' reaction chamber ' in its stomach .	when threatened , the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul - smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ' gun smoke' .
the pups were found in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon .	the puppies were apparently discovered in a bid to save their lives .	the pups are believed to be an unlikely mother to be abandoned .
julio cesar pokerstars pokerstars is open to face the brit after a year - long suspension .	the nottingham world champion faces andrzej fonfara in las vegas .	the tour will be held on saturday night in the tour .
jason matthews , 40 , left his black saab 93 in a side street on his way to the race on april 19 .	but when the runner from wolverhampton finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to find it .	mr matthews spent 40 minutes driving through the area of manchester united .
the 23 - year - old was filmed in front of the spectator 's barriers at a section of the 26 - mile course .	his girlfriend , jordan meikle , stretches his muscles without his girlfriend .
paul smith landed a shot at the unbeaten californian andre ward ward on june 20 .	the fight in oakland , california will not be for ward 's wba super - middleweight world title .	ward has not fought since november 2013 .
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi - final win over liverpool on sunday .	the 19 - year - old has not been fined over the incident and will be in villas squad for the trip to manchester city .
west indies beat west indies in the first test on the last morning of the second test cook 's first test at the first - team - mates in the last minute .	alastair cook was one of the greatest i have seen in england 's first innings in the second innings .
the rubber bowl in akron , ohio , was built in 1939 and it served as the home for theuniversity of akron 's football team , the zips , for more than 65 years .	it was built during the second world war now sits abandoned and in the midst of decay in the northeast corner of the buckeye state .	there were originally hopes the stadium could also hold events like easter sunrise services , pageants , light operas .
burnell mitchell , 61 , has appeared in court charged with murdering iman abdul hadi arwani , and another man was arrested over his death .	the 61 - year - old , who is known as ' bernie ' or ' khaled' , was of jamaican origin and became a muslim several years ago .
lacey mccarty , six - year - old phillip mccarty , five - month - old christopher swist , died allegedly at the hands of their mother , jessica mccarty , in a botched murder - suicide .	investigators say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was ' sorry for what she had to do ' just 24 hours before their death .
hector morejon , 19 , was shot dead by a long beach , california police officer , who allegedly thought the 19 - year - old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident .
fulton county medical examiner 's office identified the woman as 25 - year - old alexia christian .	the incident happened on thursday afternoon near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta .	police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck .
julie abbott said it was ' problematic ' that the prime minister was ' proud ' .	he was asked to have a drink by university of technology sydney bats .	mr abbott was labelled ' un - australian ' for six seconds to down the schooner .
tarantula removes its fangs into her skin and allowed it to bite her hand .	kayonna holds her female rose hair spider up to the spider 's venom .	the tarantula removes her fangs from her skin .
cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa .	when the pair came across a dirt track road , the adult strolled on his feet .
22 - year - old asian elephant remains incredibly docile .	the footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque before steadying itself and lunging forward with both its back legs trampling all over rozie as it tries to get its balance .
freddie gray fell head - first into the back of the police van as it was completed .	police say gray sustained a ' rough blow ' and ' no evidence ' of gray 's death .	gray fell into the ' back of a van ' during his arrest outside the van .
roger , an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan .	sanctuary manager chris barnes said roger received the bunny from a highway .
ap mccoy acknowledged that he was an ex - jockey .	he will be attending the wedding of one of wife chanelles friends .	mccoy will visit mayweather and pacquiao in the fa cup .
defender liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states .	here , the 30 - year - old from bexleyheath discusses his family 's visits to portland , coming up against orlando city 's brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against seattle sounders on monday morning at 2:30am uk time .
peter mccoy wins his 4 , 000th race at towcester on november 7 , 2013 .	mccoy hit the ground running on his arrival at aintree on november 1996 .	mccoy has won virtually every big title in the season .
niva 's 4x4 niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the russian carmaker and has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks .
the model was born in belgium and was raised there until she was 13 .	she was born to irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell , who worked as a diplomat .	she now splits her time between new york and los angeles .
the custom - built jumbo jet is believed to have cost 600 passengers .	it is thought to be a ' aeroloft ' on the top deck of the jumbo jet .	it was built for a ' single tycoon ' and will be able to fit dozens of guests .
the fly tries to set up a little heat gun and begins thawing out the ice around the fly .	the video was recorded in auckland , new zealand and the fly appears to give up hope .
five - year - old saige , who has had enough of living with her mother for five years in the video , says she will move out and stay with her brother 's bad behaviour .	saige , five , is upset with her daughter , who is ' mad ' - teases: .
silverback at the nebraska zoo was captured on a day trip to omaha 's henry doorley zoo .	it was uploaded to youtube it has had more than 126 , 000 views .	they are classified as an endangered species .
sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club .	here for the first part of our countdown , featuring videos of shots from the likes of nick faldo , louis oosthuizen and the late , great seve ballesteros .	palmer had already sunk a 35 - footer on the 17th to tie ken venturi at the top of the leaderboard .
sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club .	mark o'meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour .	patton 's hopes were ultimately shot down by a double bogey on the 13th attempting to fly rae 's creek .
mercedes 93 2 .	sebastian vettel and mercedes team - mate nico rosberg .	hamilton extended his lead the formula one world championship with yet another flawless victory in bahrain 1 .	lewis hamilton and kimi raikkonen finished second , applauds hamilton .
lewis hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers ' championship after winning the chinese grand prix at a post - race press conference fizzing with recriminations .	he was sitting next to lewis hamilton as close as the german had got to his mercedes team - mate all afternoon of the chinese grand prix at a post - race press conference fizzing with recriminations .	the record states that hamilton won , rosberg was second and ferraris sebastian vettel third .
albert raikkonen was the first country in the middle east to hold a formula one world race grand prix in 2004 .	the scot has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years .	bahrain won the first race at sakhir .
chinese grand prix would be a potential title in the first race of the 2005 grand prix in the last year .	the shanghai grand prix held in the shanghai circuit in 2004 and has been home to the event .
zafar ansari , 23 , is halfway through a 40 , 000 - word masters on the 1960s civil rights .	the 23 - year - old graduated from cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology .	he insists he would be england 's most academically gifted player .
the 27 - year - old has only netted once in the bundesliga since his arrival .	the denmark international has only scored once in 16 league games this season .	bendtner was dropped from the bundesliga after arriving late on friday .
bournemouth will not be behind one of the overall allocation of tickets .	the club will not look to increase the capacity of their 12 , 000 - seatergoldsands .	bournemouth will have to install 10 per cent of their overall allocation .
manchester united have confirmed their plans to revisit the usa on pre - season this summer after agreeing to louis van gaals desire to head to america rather than asia .	uniteds shirt sponsors chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the far east as the american car giant seeks to expand its business in that part of the world and were enthusiastic about that trip taking place this summer .
chelsea will play paris saint - germain in pre - season friendly on july 16 .	john terry will play fiorentina at stamford bridge in july .	chelsea travel to north carolina in the premier league .
raheem sterling , daniel sturridge , martin skrtel and simon mignolet unveiled the new home strip to fans in the centenary stand on friday afternoon .	the new gingham design is the first offering from us sports brand new balance , who struck a record - breaking 300million four - year kit deal to replace sister company warrior as liverpool 's suppliers .
liverpool have signed their new kit to be used for the 2015 - 16 campaign .	the reds won three seasons of the premier league games in the last - 16 - year - old 's kit .
west ham have announced a new five - year multi - million pound kit deal with umbro .	the hammers join fellow barclays premier league sides everton and hull in partnering with the former england kit makers .	umbro produced the first - ever west ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s when the likes of world cup winners ' cup triumphs .
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer tour of the club .	the club will be expected to jet across the atlantic in the summer .	the tour will be shorter than last year 's epic deal .
bon apetit has revealed that the best way to revive the loaf of bread is to run it under the tap .	it is now a difference between stale and mouldy bread , which is beneficial not to go mouldy .
the most searches of syphilis , followed by herpes and chlamydia in the uk .	switzerland is the highest and second highest number of searches for information about cervical cancer .	in the u.s. in europe , norway has the highest rate of syphilis .
newcastle united host newcastle united in the premier league on saturday .	the club 's last fixture of the 3 - 1 defeat at home to the club is in the vicinity of the local and national football .	the protest is not aimed at the innocent staff members .
ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team .	stokes can use his aggression to bring runs and wickets to the england team .	england want to capture the imagination .
patti weston , 61 , married to both george harrison and harrison in the world .	she was married to harrison and eric clapton , who live in kensington .	she wore a hat owned by her late friend pat clapton .
floyd mayweather jr .	he is the cartoon embodiment of the excess for which his adopted home town of las vegas is notorious .	he has tossed handfuls of $100 bills into the air at a strip club and hurled wads of cash into a swimming pool so he could amuse himself by watching girls dive to retrieve them .
ac milan beat liverpool 2 - 1 in their champions league final on saturday .	liverpool beat liverpool 1 - 0 in the champions league semi - finals at anfield .	the seattle seahawks beat manchester united 1 - 1 on sunday .
chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs .	ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it .
raheem sterling winces during liverpool 's 4 - 1 defeat at arsenal .	he has been called avaricious , capricious , disloyal and impressionable .	he is in thrall , it is said , to a man portrayed as his iago of an agent .
the richest fight of all time continues to break through the barriers of history mostly in terms of financial records , naturally .	for the first time in the annals of boxing as floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday .	ricky hatton went to las vegas to take his man of la mancha tilt at the mayweather windmill .
brook will be defending his world welterweight title against gavin at london 's o2 arena .	brook will be defending his world welterweight title against gavin at london 's o2 arena on may 20 promoter eddie hearn .
floyd mayweather is set to make his mega - middleweight fight on may 2 pay - per - view watchers in america will have to pay up to $100 ( 67 .	48 ) to watch the fight floyd mayweather works in his super - middleweight tournament .	andre ward is unlikely to get his dream fight against ward or julio cesar chavez jnr .
james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian stanworth .	he played for the england under - 19 set - up in the first test in antigua on monday .	anderson played for burnley under - 17s .
paris saint - germain striker edinson cavani is set for a move from juventus .	the 29 - year - old has had a decent run in city 's first team of the summer .	psg striker yaya toure and yaya toure are also interested .
sami khedira is being courted by several clubs including manchester united and chelsea .	united have maintained their interest in the germany international since failing to sign him in august 2013 .	his representatives have spoken to schalke on a number of occasions .	stevan jovetic hopes to have a new deal .
manchester united are second in the premier league table .	ander herrera has signed a new contract at manchester united .	the 18 - year - old has been linked with a move to barcelona .
jose mourinho said sunday 's game at the emirates was the best .	he is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception .	jose mourinho 's team are in full control of the game against chelsea .
chelsea beat arsenal 3 - 0 in the premier league last season .	jose mourinho 's side beat arsenal 6 - 0 at stamford bridge on sunday .	arsene wenger 's side have conceded two goals in their last six games .	chelsea have won two games in the last 16 .
jack grealish was pictured taking hippy crack in a fa cup semi - final win over liverpool on the ground in a cut - off .	he has not made the right to look after his bodies .
aston villa host aston villa in the premier league on this year 's european cup final .	tim sherwood has a chance to embrace that history and write the next chapter .	villa won the european cup in 1982 .
manchester city host manchester city at the etihad stadium on saturday .	patrick vieira was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but he is a manager .	he was a model professional and has a burning desire to win .
spanish national team was coming to the boil and about to scald world football for six years , la roja 's own fans didn't even know the water was hot .	because they left spanish soil having eked out two single - goal wins , over peru and the usa , the booing , whistling and jeering which had pursued them around the peninsula for two years .	the identity has been eroded by the passage of time .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 4 - 0 in the champions league last season .	carlo ancelotti 's side have lost two games in 19 games this season .	real madrid and atletico madrid have won the last two games .
marseille beat marseille 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday night .	marseille have won seven of their last three matches in ligue 1 .	the home side are ligue 1 at the world cup .
chris smalling , in action against didier drogba , has been at the forefront of manchester united 's resurgence .	bayern munich 's thomas muller led the post - porto celebrations at the allianz arena on tuesday .	thomas muller leads the celebrations at wembley on tuesday night .
the portuguese club 's slaying of bayern munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co - ordinated blue and white .	steve davis failed in his bid to qualify for the world championships at the age of 57 monday night football .
manchester united beat liverpool 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday in the fa cup final on the day of the cricket world cup .	louis van gaal wants to break his major duck next week and is in charge of manchester united .	ian poulter has won three green cups in the us .
jack wilshere is one of arsenals own , a product of the fabled hale end academy and an example to young recruits that it is possible to make a first - team breakthrough .	the reality is that wilshere will sit with his influential father , andy , at the end of the season to discuss whether a move to city would enhance his career .
real madrid beat manchester united 3 - 1 in the capital one cup semi - final .	jose mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before .	oscar hasn't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea .
arsene wenger has a look at the arsene wenger 's classic managerial match - up .	the race was run , all roads led to the emirates and a sky sports team all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon .	arsene wenger dispensed with the pre - game purple prose for his team .
chelsea beat arsenal 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final on saturday .	ian wright 's side beat liverpool 2 - 0 at wembley stadium on saturday afternoon .	reading on saturday night saw the gunners reach the stamford bridge .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league .	manchester city 's 2 - 1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night .	louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .
harry redknapp was in fine form as pundit for saturday 's premier league encounter at the emirates while on the young players future at the club .	bt sport host harry redknapp 's side on saturday .
gareth bale is a transfer target for manchester united , manchester united and manchester city this summer .	bale is a transfer target for manchester united , chelsea and manchester city bale could be sold by real madrid as they pursue a deal for borussia dortmund star marco reus .	bale signed his record 86m deal to join real madrid from tottenham .
raheem sterling has rejected a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract with liverpool .	the 20 - year - old is entitled to ' buy - out ' the last year of his current contract .	liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling sterling in the summer .
liverpool will not budge from their 100 , 000 - a - week contract offer to england .	manchester city or manchester united are among those watching sterling ahead of the summer it could decide where gareth bale ends up if one club gets sterling and the other two miss out it promises to become a tangled transfer web .
world no 1 rory mcilroy is the best club in britain .	the 19 - year - old has the same mentality and ' wow factor ' .	rory mcilroy was keen to know about the revamp planned by hull .
jordan spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion shows his commitment to the sport there was more .	he also committed to the cadillac match play championship in san francisco next week because it is the tour 's flagship competition .
21 - year - old spieth hugs members of his family after winning the masters at augusta on sunday .	jordan spieth and jordan spieth on the seventh hole in the final day .	spieth watches his tee shot on the 18th green on the third green .
tiger woods returns to action at augusta national golf club to practice ahead of the masters 2015 woods .	the estimated 70 , 000 crowd are streaming happily to the exits , savouring the day they saw amen corner in the flesh and clutching large shopping bags containing millions of dollars - worth of precious masters merchandise .	he had a perfect line to the flag and duly stroked a crisp mid - iron to 10ft and rolled in the birdie putt .
nico rosberg is the mental disintegration of nico rosberg as a racing driver .	his reaction to losing to lewis hamilton blaming the brit for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel .	rosberg was punished by the team ( he was made to pay for the damage caused rather than fined as such , contrary to everyones interpretation .
dutch football made a killing in the stock market this week .	psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title since 2008 .	it was down to memphis depay , who scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in holland .
michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998 .	owen lets rip his shot that saw the three lions starlet score against argentina at france ' 98 .	he handled it .	some believe he will be the next name jotted on that prestigious list .
chelsea were relentless from the first whistle and have had the title race firmly under control since before christmas .	alexis sanchez jumps in the air and celebrates wildly after his second goal for arsenal at wembley with a 10 - point advantage .	arsenal must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly - men .
eden hazard and david de gea will be voted pfa player of the year .	eden hazard is the hot favourite for the first time in the premier league .	david hazard and harry kane will also be eager to vote for thierry henry .
sunderland beat chelsea 1 - 0 in the 2005 champions league semi - final .	jermain defoe scored a penalty with the last kick to take the game into extra - time .	newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half - time krul .
eddie howe is a contender for a 10 - year - old in the premier league .	he is a big part of hungry players , but he is not the special one .	bournemouth , bournemouth , bournemouth , chelsea and bournemouth .	click here for more boxing news .
aston villa beat aston villa 1 - 0 at wembley on sunday in the fa cup on sunday .	jack grealish , fabian delph and christian ulloa scored for aston villa in the premier league on sunday at the bottom of the match .	jack ulloa scored the only goal of the game against liverpool .
aston villa host aston villa in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .	jamie [UNK] will be a heavyweight contest that could decide the game .	fabian delph v ron vlaar and christian benteke are set for a contest .
dashcam footage shows officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock .	the buffalo , named big boy , has taken to the other side of the road .
wayne rooney scored 3 - 0 win against aston villa on sunday .	alexis sanchez scored the only goal of the top spot in the premier league .	jermain defoe scored a hat - trick against newcastle on saturday .
mesut ozil is an easy target for ex - pros and pundits .	ozil was at his brilliant best in a massive game .	ozil is congratulated by his team - mates during arsenal 's impressive 4 - 1 victory on saturday .
kolo toure/mamadou sakho with no martin skrtel , olivier giroud will be licking his lips .	the frenchman is in excellent form this season but the only question mark against him was does he score enough in the big games ?	so far in this campaign , he has scored against manchester united , city and liverpool .
england face italy in the premier league on tuesday night .	michael carrick is the best central midfield player in the world cup .	paul scholes , michael carrick and michael carrick are the best england midfield .
the first seven of the first half of the season is the first time in the premier league on the season at the weekend .	the former chelsea star has been on loan at his side and the club in the summer .	martin allen said he didn't want to take a biscuit and pass the pack on ' the [UNK] .
julio cesar degale has been in touch with froch and chavez .	he has been added to a fight against golovkin in the next two months .	frampton will be in the race for the first time in the water .
carl frampton is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him 1 .	5million to do so on july 18 promoter eddie hearn produced a cheque for 1 .	5million to do so on july 18 promoter eddie hearn .
richie benaud was a line - up for the first time in the world cup .	he was one of three commentators , but he could have a quiet word with the producer .	benaud was well aware of the power of silence .
stuart lancaster needs to be free to pick his best players in the world .	the world cup starts in the champions cup semi - final on sunday .	stuart lancaster plays for england in the wallabies ' world cup .
the switch from midfield has worked for the first time in a premier league season .	he was playing in a premiership game in the champions cup quarter - final .	he said he thought no 6 would suit the way we are trying to play in the back .
steffon burgess has been a ' world cup champion ' for the 2014 world cup .	he has been one of the world cup since joining the dam on friday .	the rfu and stuart lancaster are interested in the decision .
the 23 - year - old rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast .	the australian was infuriated by the softly - softly stance of wasps .
cesc fabregas was left with a possible concussion after feeling contact from santi cazorla .	oscar nicked the ball past david ospina in the half under the slightest of contact from hector bellerin .	chelsea should have had a penalty and cautioned ospina .
england beat england 3 - 1 in the second leg of the world cup qualifier .	england beat croatia 2 - 0 in the asian cup semi - finals at the end of the season .	referee graham uzbekistan was in charge for the first leg in the 2006 world cup match .
scott dann was a fraction offside offside when he set up glenn murray .	the move would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant john brooks .	dann was spot on with two equally tight calls in same move .
leicester are bottom of the table with 19 points in the premier league .	nigel pearson and nigel pearson have been in relegation battles .	leicester are currently bottom on christmas day in the league .
aston villa host aston villa on saturday afternoon at white hart lane on saturday .	tim sherwood is in charge of the youth set - up for years .	he has set the emotional bar high in the premier league .
calum chambers , eric dier and john dier scored in the premier league .	calum chambers is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in the games .	dier has impressed in his first season at tottenham .
the 20 - time champion won for the 20th time on the day he retires in february .	mccoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier .
iron - man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last - ever ride .	mccoy , the iron - man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last - ever ride .
iron - man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last - ever ride .	mccoy , the iron - man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last - ever ride .
orlando city beat orlando city 1 - 0 at providence park in the first half of the game .	kaka and kaka scored in the second half after a penalty in the closing stages of the match .	orlando city and west brom both score the only goal .
19 - time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes .	royale knight is a runner with a serious chance of a dream end to his career .	he is ridden by a race - winning trainer in gordon elliott .
' it is a bit like watching lionel messi on a horse , ' said ap mccoy .	he has two rides at sandown on saturday .	mccoy has two horses at the cheltenham gold cup .	mccoy will race at home on saturday for the last time .
ap mccoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave .	the 40 - year - old rider has two final rides at sandown on saturday .	mccoy has said he will never return to professional racing .
claire mccoy is the going to sandown on saturday .	claire mccoy says he has been more nervous about his career .	mccoy has decided to end his career this weekend when he retires .
usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice .	bolt has announced his participation in the sainsbury 's anniversary games this summer .	gemili has been beaten before he was beaten .
james is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries james .	james supported boyfriend george north during wales ' six nations campaign the most frustrating thing was that one moment id be completely fine on the bike .
state - backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a 446million loss for the first three months of the year .	it comes after rbs was forced to put aside 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra 334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks .
sam cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west london .	she looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal conservative wife .	samantha and justine marched out in almost identical uniforms; dark .
arsenal will not start the season at the summit of england 's top - flight .	arsenal will play arsenal in second place for the first time in 100 years .	the gunners will start season in the next season .
dame sally davies is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition , which is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d .	doctors have called for under - fours to be given free vitamins after a rise .
lee joon - seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence .	the 6 , 825 - tonne passenger ship sank on april last year .	most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island .
messi is wanted by manchester united , chelsea , france , france , psg and psg .	dybala is the former man city manager 's fiercest competition .	the former manchester city boss is this kind of psg .
theo walcott believes arsenal have been the ' best team in europe ' this year .	the gunners ' slim hopes of overhauling chelsea 's 10 - point lead at the top of the premier league on sunday .	walcott has struggled to maintain a new premier league season .
francis coquelin has jumped to the defence of team - mate olivier giroud .	henry believes he must sign a new striker as well as three more players if they are to compete for the title .	henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with giroud in attack coquelin .
olivier giroud says the premier league is chelsea 's gunners ' this season ' .	giroud believes arsenal will never score against chelsea on sunday .	giroud claims arsenal will continue to improve and challenge .	giroud insists arsenal will not change their approach .
the plane overran the runway at hiroshima airport in seoul , japan .	it was reported to have made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway .	the plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way .
fiorentina ace mario gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to help his side qualify for the europa league semi - finals .	fiorentina had one foot in the next stage of europe 's second tier cup competition thanks to khouma babacar 's all - important away goal during the closing stages of last thursday 's first leg encounter in kiev .
the lumbering limestone quarry is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world .	the wall is approximately 390 feet ( 120 metres ) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs , the daily beast said .
sellers who end their price with 00 typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices , such as $1 , 000 .	the average counteroffer is much lower than if it is a non - round number , and not the opposite of even .
city are fourth in the premier league table with 64 points from 33 games .	city boss manuel pellegrini is facing pressure to deliver success at the heavy spending club .	manuel pellegrini wants pressure to revamp their squad at the summer .
impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago .	the strange - looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger - like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane .	the discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air .
ravel morrison was released from his last contract at west ham .	the 22 - year - old posted a picture of himself posing in his new lazio .	morrison signed a pre - contract agreement with lazio in january .
brugge beat dnipro 1 - 0 in the europa league semi - final in the premier league on the day of the match .	the belgian league leaders set the record for most europa league games in the last week .
the snaps of a cat were taken by a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet , somerset .	the cat was taken by the cat 's cat 's owner .
zenit defeated real madrid 2 - 0 in the first leg of the last four of the europa league .	carlos bacca scored the only goal for the first time in the champions league last week .	sevilla beat sevilla 2 - 1 in the premier league on the break .
masked special units show off a range of skills including close - range combat in what the group claims is the ' largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the syrian revolution in 2011 .	the arab kingdom has sent millions of dollars to arm and train their fighters so they can defeat the syrian regime and ' increasingly powerful jihadi organisations' .
data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used some 825 miles away in ferguson during the peak of last summer 's violence .	link suggests the presence of ' professional protesters ' or anarchists who are in baltimore and are looking to take advantage of freddie gray 's death .
henley and partners created a visa restrictions index .	taking the lowest spots were afghanistan ( 94 and able to visit 35 countries visa - free .	visa restrictions play an expression of the relationships between individual countries .
the catwalk was replaced with a tennis court in sydney on tuesday night .	the 37 - year - old was excited to be returning to the show for the first time in sydney .
akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on wednesday morning at mercedes - benz fashion week .	akira isogawa presented a collection of bright pinks and reds .
charlie bothuell , 13 , was found in the basement of his family 's detroit townhouse last june following an 11 - day search .	he testified in court against his father and stepmother basement: taking the stand against charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard - bothuell on tuesday , charlie bothuell .	charlie , who wore glasses , a white shirt , a tie and black pants for his hour - long testimony , was speaking publicly for the first time .
u.s. crowd of 4 , 7 - 6 ( 3 ) , 6 - 3 in the fed cup play - off at the top of the doubles cup .	williams committed nearly three times as many as many as many unforced errors as the result of strong winds .
female wolf spider scuttles across a kitchen floor in hallett cove , south australia , when a man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor .	he got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom , only to see hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor .
serena williams claims her eighth miami open title in 14 years .	the world no 1 won the final 10 games in a 6 - 2 6 - 0 victory .	serena williams won 21 of 22 points on her first serve .
the puffin was spotted swimming in the grand union canal earlier this month .	the bird was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford , where he was spotted flying into london along the thames .	the distinctive beak was captured by an eagle - boat resident .
u.s. troop withdrawal from hammam al - alil area was fighting for islamic state .	the militants have been fighting local groups in iraq 's anbar province .	they are believed to have been led to the iraqi security forces .
a baby girl was found in a muskingum university campus in muskingum , ohio .	the body of a baby was found at muskingum university , ohio , last week .	the child 's mother is a student at the small school in new concord , new .
chad geyen , a married father of two from ramsey , minnesota , was found dead on sunday from a self - inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home .	he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 .	he was set to stand trial on five counts of first - degree criminal sexual conduct .
hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes .	the 30 - year - old suffered a lock - up in the second sector of the bahrain international circuit .
gabriel gonzaga made a successful return to the octagon in the first round .	the visitor was given the nod by scores of 30 - 27 twice and 29 - 28 .	filipovic had never been beyond the second round .
finland defence minister carl haglund did not say whether russia was involved but told local media that it was extremely rare for the military to use such warning charges .	finland first alerted its navy to a ' possible underwater target ' within territorial waters about the cold war .
submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .	the submarine 's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was already over .
the 21 - year - old was reduced to tears after losing to world no 85 at indian wells .	the world no 7 crashed out of the miami open to tatjana maria in the second round .	she suffered another early loss in key biscayne .
serena williams will become the 34 - year - old at the end of the miami open .	serena williams and agnieszka radwanska in the first round of the semi - finals .	eugenie bouchard , agnieszka radwanska and maria sharapova in the final .
anastasia pavlyuchenkova defeated germany 's sabine lisicki in a 2 - 0 lead .	anastasia pavlyuchenkova beat germany 's a match in the fed cup final .	anastasia lisicki won a match against sabine lisicki on saturday .
czech republic beat czech republic 3 - 0 in the final in five years .	petra kvitova beats caroline garcia in the fed cup final in november .	the czech republic will face czech republic in the next four years .
the premier league 's second highest goalscorer this season with 20 goals , looked smart in his dinner suit and gold watch as he posted a picture to his personal twitter page .	liverpool 's philippe coutinho , who is also nominated for both awards , entered the building accompanied by reds team - mates steven gerrard and kolo toure .
jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester at the stoop on friday .	the 25 - year - old has lost his england back in the final of the european challenge cup on friday night .
williams beat camila giorgi 7 - 6 ( 5 ) , 6 - 2 win over camila giorgi .	williams defeated camila giorgi on the opening set .	williams handed usa the lead against italy in the second match .
photographs show a man being led from a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .	the series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly being used by isis .
gloucester fly - half has a golden opportunity to showcase his undisputed ability in friday night 's european challenge cup final against edinburgh .	but although 29 - year - old hook has won 77 test caps , he can reflect on just two starts for wales and tonga - since the last world cup in 2011 .	wales head coach warren gatland cannot find room for him in his matchday 23 .
cardiff city beat cardiff 3 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	craig davies scored a brace after eidur dervitte scored a goal .	the cardiff city stadium had a 13 - point buffer against cardiff .
novak djokovic beat rafael nadal in the semi - final in the monte carlo derby .	the world no 1 has lost the first two games in a row in a high - class match .	he has lost 6 - 3 , 6 - 2 to set up a final against tomas berdych in the final .
the 29 - minute video shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups .	the video shows the official logo of the cross from the neck by isis .	at least 16 people have been killed in a video of a group of black christians .
victoria police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month .	one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped , according to theherald sun .
military leaders in norway are nervous about its powerful neighbour 's presence on its ' strategically important ' coastline following a spike in tensions between russia and ukraine .	some experts have criticised the shutting down of olavsvern .
andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression .	the 27 - year - old perished in the crash alongside all those on board after locking his co - pilot out of the crash .
the april fools day prank went horribly wrong when the joke resulted in the fire .	the fire was sent to a building in a laundry hamper and setting the contents on fire no one in the building .
the nfl star was not the only one in the mood for pranks on april 1 .	the star was spotted playing some pick - up ball with the football player several days ago .	michael jordan , who was spotted in a april 1 fool 's april 1 prank .
supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers , from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon .	they went a pretty shade of gold when heated and were delicious with some butter and strawberry jam .
insurers are dodging the rules that ban them from charging female drivers less by offering lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women .	stephen mcdonald , of newcastle university business school , analysed this pay - by - job system .
u.s. coffee giant accused of using a little - known british company to put hefty sums from its netherlands division into britain .	but it has also been in the spotlight for its tax practices .
delrea good of portage , portage , indiana , charged with resisting arrest because she didn't think it was a safe place to stop .	she is accused of flashing red and blue lights tried to get a woman to pull over .
alcohol changes genes in brain cells , which stop the cells developing connections between them , altering behaviour , they said .	however , they discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage .	binge drinking as a teenager can reverse the changes .
the images were taken by the national autonomous university of mexico last year .	they were taken 18 years apart , the first with the star is born in the u.s. .	it is the first to be born in new mexico in 1996 .
ee power bar runs down , customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any ee shop .	the chargers will be free to ee customers , and other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service if they pay a 20 fee .
award - winning artist joe joiner , from east london , has created a moving new art installation in hses , london .	over 5000 people die from asbestos - related diseases each year .
casa de campo , a luxurious retreat for the world 's super wealthy elites , is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a democratic u.s. senator .	the doctor is also now under federal indictment , accused of bribing menendez with gifts and approximately $700 , 000 in political contributions .
red dodge durango can be seen hurtling at 60 mph towards the school bus on an oklahoma highway at 8 .	20am in tulsa , oklahoma , on monday .	the 44 - year - old driver of the suv , who allegedly has a history of seizures , was driving approximately 20 mph over the speed limit .
dan bilzerian was arrested after being released from custody in court last year .	he has been arrested for placing homemade explosives in a plume of flame .	the film shows a stony - armed candle holder , an action figurine of himself .
allison had been on the run for a year after failing to turn up at bradford crown court in february last year .	he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women , who was living in the country 's capital .
u.s. air force contains horrifying lyrics about rape , pedophilia and homosexuality .	the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual - assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers .
nigel farage 's claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs .	but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs were more expensive , a decision was claimed .
the celebrity chef 's iconic fat duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world in the annual poll by luxury magazine elite traveler .	and his london eatery , dinner by heston blumenthal , at the mandarin oriental hotel , also scraped through into the top 25 .
thomas brock , 30 , was shot dead at his home in the house in pasadena , california .	police say he was involved in an argument with the incident .	police have been arrested and charged with murder .
a woman had to give birth to her son on the interstate 65 in louisville , kentucky , on thursday .	a woman was stuck in traffic behind president barack obama 's motorcade .	he was due to speak with a tech company .
phoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz .	it has a ' lightweight chassis ' and is 3 .	2ft ( 1 metres ) tall .	the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known .
schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak english - forcing some teachers to use google translate to make lesson plans in other languages .	teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils across the uk speaking up to 300 languages .
images show crates of chicken being set alight in field near the city of aleppo .	the meat was produced by the u.s. , where the meat had been produced by an illinois - based company .
republican gov .	sam brownback , a strong abortion opponent , signed the ' kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on tuesday .	it takes effect july 1 .	the law bans the so - called ' dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ' dismemberment abortion ' .	brownback has presided over one of the nation 's most aggressive pushes to limit abortions .
kyle knox , the 23 - year - old , was last seen at the start of the route for the 4409 - ft high ben nevis in the fort william area .	the warning comes ahead of the easter weekend .
hagrid is thought to be the biggest lamb born in the uk .	he was born on tuesday at three times the size of its peers .	hagrid 's owners believe he may be the largest lamb ever born in uk .
the 44 - year - old academy award winner won best supporting actress for her role as minnie jackson , a maid , in ' the help , ' was at barnes & noble bookstore at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children 's book ' randi rhodes ninja detective the sweetest heist in history .
edie falco , james gandolfini and lorraine bracco at the launch of the show 's fifth season in new york city in 2005 .	edie falco and dr .	jennifer melfi wanted to play the role of dr .	james gandolfini in goodfellas .
author , 59 , said he was ' witty and entertaining but nowhere near ambitious enough ' .	the 59 - year - old author singled out walliams gangsta granny for criticism .	suggested they should challenge their young readers .
the london mayor praised the coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s britain .	he said the fact that more jobs were being created was one of the absolute moral triumphs of the government .	mr johnson admitted a four - year affair with the journalist petronella wyatt while he was married to his second wife marina .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in the u.s. .	the case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states .
labour shadow chancellor unveiled a poster claiming voters had lost 1 , 100 each due to tax and benefit changes under the coalition with ' millions paying more while millionaires pay less' .	but the prime minister hailed today as ' money - back monday ' - with a raft of tax changes coming into force putting more cash in voters ' wallets .
barbara believes that the former white house intern would be a ' run away success ' on the view .	the show was created by walters in 1999 with an original panel of women .
the horse was stuck at the base of a metre wide , which is blocked at one point .	the horses are thought to have been kept at the site by the side of a house .	they have been moved on by their owners following warnings from rspca .
andreas lubitz ' he was on sick leave rather than flying ' .	he said he was prescribed an anti - anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of increased risk of suicide .
sen . rand paul will announce his candidacy for president on april 7 in louisville chip of the block ?	rand paul is as much a part of the washington machine as joe biden or harry reid .	rand paul is as much a part of the washington machine as joe biden or harry reid .
the new york post reported in addition to being stripped of his badge , detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force . '	no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' nypd police chief bill bratton said .
the 15 - year - old son of a canadian diplomat plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him after an alleged drug deal in miami turned into a gun battle that left his older brother dead and landed him in custody , where the teenager allegedly threatened to kill a police officer .	dube 's ex - husband and the boy 's father , germano wabafiyebazu , was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana monday .
two - bedroom terraced property in snodland , kent , was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915 .	the couple raised their son gordon and three daughters , freda and gwendoline , in the property , which used to have an outside bathroom .
snp leader says snp 's ' descended into the gutter ' and ' [UNK] ' .	labour leader says labour leader is ' prepared to be ashamed ' .	snp leader said he was ' got into the [UNK] .
george osborne has warned that taxes will rise under labour and said the party had ' form ' on rising taxes ' .	the prime minister stepped up his attack on tax by insisting labour was planning to drag nearly one million more people into the 40p tax rate .
john chapple , originally from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography .	he has captured all types of landscapes including grassy fields in england , australia and australia .
aaron hernandez , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to killing odin lloyd five times in the chest and back .	the 25 - year - old was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home on the final day of the murder trial .
aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran - backed shi'ite houthis .	the coalition now controls the country 's ports and air space .
boobesh palani , 26 , passed away at wellington hospital with his friends by his side , police told thenew zealand .	mr palani , a 26 - year - old student from india , was known to a new zealander travelling in sri lanka who saw his photo online and told the police of his name .	his family and friends said they were grateful the police were able to identify mr palani .
marina lyons , 80 , discovered third degree burns on her dog rosie 's back .	she had to undergo surgery to remove her hair after a scan found a tumour .	rosie had to have treatment to remove the dead skin .
prime minister visited a primary school near bolton to unveil the party 's latest proposal to improve education standards .	the prime minister visited a primary school near bolton to unveil the party 's latest proposal to improve education standards , after announcing that under a future tory government children who achieve poor sats results will be forced to resit them in secondary school .
sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his wife , their children and their children in tulsa , oklahoma .	the bodies were found at the tulsa home in a tulsa home , police say .
the biggest pension reforms in a century have been met with confusion .	since monday , over - 55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a cash .
the gang 's lair , the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back .	the picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in brazil .
remediation costs wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014 .	banks including barclays , royal bank of scotland and hsbc to pay fines .	kpmg said banks must urgently tackle their low return .
pelvic organ prolapse , or pop , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs including the womb becomes weak , typically after childbirth .	complications include an uncomfortable dragging or full feeling , discomfort during sex or stress incontinence .	a leading gynaecologist has claimed thousands of patients may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly .
prime minister let the bbc film frozen for a pitch at his home in his oxfordshire constituency .	the prime minister was pictured at breakfast with wife samantha and their three children .	mr cameron has said he did not want a third term as pm .
the cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 .	it is believed to be the worlds oldest musical instrument discovered in europe .	the bone was discovered in 1995 at the divje babe archaeological park .
child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections rainy weather didnt ruin the mood at this year festival , which had a massive collection of foreigners .	the festival of the kanayama shrine was once a popular place for prostitutes .
the image was created by neuroscientists at the massachusetts institute of technology .	the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen .	instead you can pick up the fine lines on einstein 's face .
david cameron , of the conservatives , narrowly topped the polls assessing who ' won ' the two - hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for britain .	crucially , 33 per cent of the 7 .	4 million viewers hailed cameron as ' the most impressive ' on the economy , which lies at the heart of each party 's campaign .
the 31 - year - old mother - of - one has saved 17 , 000 over three years .	mrs drew , 31 , has even accumulated so many products she does not need .	she has now accumulated extra products and groceries .
researchers from london and edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate a block of text to make it easier to read and understand .	if the project is successful , a prototype system will be tested by local weather reports on the bbc 's website .
samantha giufre , 19 , spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula , south - west of sydney , before she was abandoned .	so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident , but police are searching for others they believe were involved .
michelle mone bought the property off - plan in the city 's upmarket park circus area .	she paid 780 , 700 for the duplex and had a sauna , gym and bar .	she will move back into the five - bedroom mansion in lanarkshire .
protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with the mall , and called for others to join them .	it is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight , as a garbled message posted on facebook by the group simply calls for ' christmas lights .
denise huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on march 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents ' home .	after her ' release ' police accused them of staging the kidnapping a claim they both strongly denied .	the kidnapping of huskins , which triggered a statewide search that involved 100 volunteers , 40 detectives and numerous fbi agents .
japan 's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but , so far , they had not encountered visitors from space .	et no home: defence minister gen nakatani responded to questions from an mp about potential alien invasions , and assured parliament that japan has never been invaded by aliens .
the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer - generated figures .	geeky scientist brains has lost his bow tie for an open - neck shirt and has been given an indian accent .
audrey dimitrew , 16 , of virginia accepted a spot on the under - 16 chantilly juniors in november believing she would get playing time .	the sophomore at woodgrove high school and her family sued the chesapeake region volleyball association on march 10 after they said she was accepted to another club .	the lawsuit seeks to let audrey transfer clubs and asks for attorney fees .
danel hall , 10 , was walking down the street in centre point , alabama .	the 10 - year - old boy was chased by a neighbourhood dog .	he was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery .
five - second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts , is not as sure - fire as many snackers would surely like it to be .	experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five - second rule , but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play .
geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh , and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate 's courtroom wednesday .	in exchange for the waiver which means alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some kind of plea bargain allegheny county prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced: luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors .
cnn had no footage of the iran nuclear skit when it emerged there was no image of the stories they were covering .	the network was unable to get a fly - on - the - wall view of iran 's religious freedom law .
the state board of parole hearings granted parole to 63 - year - old james schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the california man , the fresno bee reported .	schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them ' buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co - conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom .
luke may have been missing for days of search for the missing 11 - year - old .	he was last seen on the national park on friday and has not been missing since the search for luke 's family .	he has now been updating his family and friends for the search .
painting , titled ' bomb damage , ' was drawn on the metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two - story house belonging to the dardouna family in northern gaza .	but unaware that banksy 's works are usually valued at hundreds of pounds , rabie dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door to a local artist for just 100 .
jon huxley , 46 , hopes to cash in on the fifty shades of grey effect .	he hopes the change in hotel ethos can see his business grow for months .	he has owned the hotel for 13 years .
michelle hansen , a former special education high school teacher who admitted to having sex with hansen , was arrested in february to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts which included seven counts of oral copulation of a minor , six counts of distributing pornographic material to a child .	if she had been convicted at trial , she would have faced 13 years in prison .
the lunar eclipse as seen from melbourne on easter saturday , april 4 .	a total lunar eclipse occurs when the moon is completely in the earth 's shadow wet and cloudy weather was to blame for sydneysiders missing out on the view , but the moon was pictured revealing itself through rain clouds towards the end of the eclipse .
many of the 18 - year - old 's vertigo - inducing images were captured by a new york teenager .	cyanide captured this image of manhattan from hundreds of feet up in new york .	it is believed to have captured the images of manhattan photographer .
genes for good is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also completed 15 of the health history survey questions .	genes will be frozen and improve treatments for diseases .
louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by agerman - flagged ship at 1:30 p .	m . on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing .	he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras .	he survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil .
more than 10 , 000 dogs have been treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 .	dogs are very intelligent , very curious and have a great cause of poisoning .	but dogs are the most common cause of smell , according to .
marylin stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim 's pin number , cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs .	the 64 - year - old admitted stealing 22 , 650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just 1 , 350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds .
chloe the wombat has found herself a new buddy at taronga zoo 's grounds in sydney after she moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas .	in an adorable video uploaded to instagram by taronga zoo , chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas .
the new show will feature a pilot episode of the muppet show , which will be a new muppets show back to the show .	the show will see the return of kermit the frog , miss piggy , fozzie bear and miss piggy .
ashley james , who starred in made in chelsea , models the bold collection in a new set of images .	the jessica collection is a perfect day to create a natural - looking cleavage .
former england footballerlaunched the scathing attack on the head of ukip after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head - to - head for the first time in the historic tv election debate .
four hundred - a fight broke out friday night at a casino in queens , new york .	the fight occurred at a bar opening at the resorts world casino in the new york city .	four hundred people were arrested in the fight .
michelle obama hit back with a follow - up routine to a cover of i like the way you move .	she moves on the dance floor to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity , michelle obama and her daughters .
former u.s. col .	anthony shaffer said he was trying to offer himself up with the taliban .	he was held by the taliban for five years and was found to be ' going over to the other [UNK] .
eu has been investigating whether google has been ' scraping ' in the continent .	google could be fined 10 per cent of its annual revenues , which would be more than 4 billion .
the total lunar eclipse will be visible in the skies of north america , asia and australia .	the event was predicted in the bible and hints at an imminent world - changing event .
borden family burial monument at oak grove cemetery in fall river , massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint .	the vandalism was discovered on monday , the day after a lifetime miniseries , the lizzie borden chronicles , premiered on sunday night .	borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in 1892 .
the federal court of australia has ordered australian internet companies to reveal the ip addresses of thousands of account holders .	the identity of over 4 , 000 individuals , who shared the content online , will be given to the copyright .
french officials say uk is responsible for causing a ' anglo - saxon phenomenon ' .	health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences .	french health chiefs say it is a case of double binge drinking .
liberal democrat leader said he wanted to tackle ' dangerous levels of air pollution ' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months .	lib dem leader nick clegg said it was ' healthy and active ' after being on the battle bus for so .
82 per cent of 3 , 500 nasuwt members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the unions survey last year .	38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents and carers .
defense attorney patrick thomassey doesn't deny thatmaxwell morton , of jeannette , killed 16 - year - old ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4 .	he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when mangan was shot in the left eye .	morton 's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys .
casey batchelor has unveiled her new drop with honeyz .	com in full - and models all of the clothes herself , which was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the ss15 catwalks .
mike heatlie , pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court in march on the attack .	he claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u.s. attack on fiona mccartney .	she is now facing a 7 , 000 dental bill and says she is ' too frightened ' to leave .
the 1914 mosaic egg created by 14 of the uk 's top cake artists .	the eggs were created as part of a feature for nicholas ii of russia .	the lights were on display at cake international in london .
nick cousins , 57 , and grace garcia cousins , 53 , were arrested in hong kong .	they were also being questioned by police over claims that filipino mrs cousins had overstayed her visa .
hyper cacher jewish supermarket , killing four , was shot dead in a freezer during the siege at the hyper cacher store .	six hostages were killed in a hail of gunfire by french special forces .	the six hostages had been killed in the raid on january .
just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was left with minor injuries .	the group is understood to have asked the police van to stop in a deserted area , claiming he needed a toilet .
raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son at his home indaytona beach , florida , last july .	after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face .
one - year - old orangutan has already raised one surrogate for the past 10 months .	he has now raised four children of her own , and a fifth surrogate which was given to a second time .
qatar airways flight landed at manchester airport on monday night .	passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for a new crew to arrive at the airport .	police were first called to birmingham after passengers started ' kicking off ' and ' disruptive ' passengers .
diwalinen vankar , 58 , fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle .	the crocodile grabbed kanta 's right leg and dragged her into the murky river .	kanta suffered a leg injury after it attacked her 19 - year - old .
andy murray defeated tomas berdych 6 - 4 in an hour and 42 minutes .	the 27 - year - old is through to sunday 's final of the miami open semi - final .	the scot will face novak djokovic in the first masters level final .
blue tit collected moss , grass and straw to line a nest in a lamp post .	blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her nest .
princess elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at westminster abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned - up coat .	it would be another 18 years before her coronation .	eighty years on , the queen yesterday gave out coins in the pre - easter tradition .
police were called toboonies bar in west palm beach on friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money and refusing to leave the establishment .	the bar manager also told police the woman , beatrize carrion - moore , was ' extremely intoxicated' .	carrion - moore refused to leave when she was asked in front of the deputy and became angry .
xiangnan li , 20 , was found dead in her toyota camry in iowa last year .	police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her car in iowa city .	police believe she had been the last person to see her .
the mother - of - eight has told how she has put her husband on a sex ban .	haley mulholland said she was having an affair with his facebook page .	mrs mulholland monitors her husband kevin was having a affair with her husband .	she said she had cheated on her husband 's movements .
gloucester no 8 has not played since breaking his left leg at the world cup .	morgan last played for england in the aviva premiership on january 14 .	morgan broke his world cup campaign against saracens in january .
dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in earth 's stratosphere .	he says the organisms test positive for dna , and have masses that are ' six times bigger than the size limit of a [UNK] .
jose alberto , 58 , were discovered after neighbours called their local council to report the smell coming from his house in the city of san jose de balcare in eastern argentina .	rodolfo moure , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office , said: ' i initially thought there were two bodies but then i realised one was a scarecrow wearing lipstick and a long - haired wig .
students on computer science and dentistry courses at university are much less likely to have had sex .	11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex , with the second most popular age to have sex for the first time being 16 .	19 percent of those asked lost their virginity at 17 and 15 percent lost theirs .
steven abberley caused a major security alert by throwing marbles at mps and shouting ' you are all just liars ' during prime minister 's questions has walked free from court .	steven abberley , 28 , hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in october last year .
the body of a 26 - year - old was found in a cubicle at ceva logistics in the ceva block of glendale ave , michigan .	police say the mother had not been named , delivered a baby that was a homicide .
new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these ' awful ' that things parents do to their children - such as giving them a bath ( how dare they ) .	#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world , admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning , feeding , and entertaining their children .
man , a 45 - year - old man , did not want to be identified .	doctors said it was the ' world 's most complex ' face transplant .	the man had a condition called the man in barcelona .
a two - hour piece of graffiti was found in naours - april 1 , 1917 - old inscriptions that have been left by many soldiers during the war . '	it provides insight into how they found a sense of [UNK] .
half of three to six - year - olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets( picture posed by [UNK] hot - or - or - not video .	the name of a third classmate , anna wright , is the first of the 30 .
scar booth , which is available from the apple itunes store for 79p , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast: ' your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating ' .	anti - violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ' glorifying ' abuse and brutality .
the gilmore gas station was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992 , but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists .	starbucks bought the garage in los angeles last year and has finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop .
directv has said it has been ' ranked higher than cable ' for over 10 years .	nad report highlighted a number of inaccuracies concerning signal reliability , shorter customer service wait times , better picture and sound quality .
poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic easter eggs from their shelves over fears they may choke - because they look like cadbury mini eggs .	trading standards officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised the alarm over the eggs .
the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole , 82 , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants , federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82 - year - old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition .	the mother and son team painstakingly restores hundreds of toys - carefully mending the porcelain heads and re - attaching the limbs .
lucy , little foot , appeared roughly 3 .	7 million years old .	the species was much bigger and taller than lucy's , with gorilla - like facial features but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands .
new study reveals that neanderthals outside africa are more vulnerable to type 2 diabetes because they may have suffered from psoriasis and crohn 's disease .	it has been around 30 , 000 years since the ancestors of modern humans are thought to have burned .
ms hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures one week before brain surgery .	she went against doctors ' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son noah but in february 2012 , one week .	she took a pregnancy test that turned out positive .
food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to evans ' recent paleo controversies , and maintains that the decision to not renew his two - year contract was made a long time ago .	evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ' bubba yum yum: the paleo way ' will become a self - published digital book to be released this month .
rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face of the face with a .	357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27 - year - old larry tipton , who was shot in a locked bedroom as she slept fully clothed , according to a coroner 's report .	eldemire was shot at the head in a parking lot of the apartment where she was shot .
researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna - like fragments may have come with ' instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago .	the main job of rna is to transfer the genetic code to create proteins from the nucleus to the ribosome .
sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises .	the 40 - year - old was the first celebrity fan of ninon de l'enclose , a courtesan famed for her lasting beauty .	she is the first creator of the fifties .
more than 3 , 118 students were accepted as freshmen by the university in gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first - year slots .	but after reading their congratulations notices , they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the internet .
james ramirez , 37 , has concerns over the care of his wife gillian nelson , 34 , who died after complications arose with the birth of their son wesley at a hospital in bromley , kent .	he was called to the princess royal university hospital at about 3 .	45am on january 28 , 2014 after she had gone in to labour .
the dome - like lamp can be used as a sleep aid and an alarm clock .	the bridge is what links the app to the hi - tech bulbs .	it can connect up to three hours of continuous light after a 90 - minute charge .
the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey , 000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $20 , 250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university .	meanwhile , the statement says mcconaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin foundation , which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future .
isis ' leadership is dominated by ex - members of the late iraqi dictator 's military .	almost all of the regional commanders appointed by isis ' leader and self - declared caliph , abu bakr al - baghdadi , played prominent roles in the baathist army before the 2003 invasion of iraq .
scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , aged three and four , are believed to be pictured with urine and feces for 24 hours a day .	the room was stained with human urine and urine and had a homemade ' gate' , which the children appeared to have been fed their meals through .	the couple were arrested after police received an anonymous tip about their children .
u . n . observatory for human rights says jordan responsible for ' obstructing the movement of trucks and passengers " .	isis fighters entered the camp from nearby hajar aswad neighborhood in southern damascus .	the palestinian - run refugee camp has been under government .
gertrude pitkanen , 69 , took babies from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents .	they have joined together to form a group called gertie 's babies who have been using dna to trace their biological families and search for their estranged siblings .
huw davies , 34 , has been looking for a job for almost 13 years .	the 34 - year - old has three a - levels and 10 gcses on his cv .	he says he has been unable to secure a job as he wants to live in the uk .	he has spent time teaching in south africa , kuwait and the desert .
faith and hope howie were dubbed the ' girls for the first time ' .	the girls were born and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus .	their family and their parents were told they were ' manhandled ' by the girls .
sabrina broadbent tetzner , 32 , fled the sect headed by convicted rapist warren jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children ( ages 8 to 13 ) last week .	when she tried to pick up her children from the colorado city , utah community where they have been living , she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids .
clare goldwin will sometimes fork out for boden 's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she doesn't want to be labelled a boden yummy mummy at 50 paces , and bump into countless other mothers in identical uniforms on the school - run ?
the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed a racial slur at them on friday and drove away .	several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2 , jackie ward .	she shared her account of the story on facebook , as a ' reminder for us to be kinder to each other .
shows such as poldark , vikings , outlander and game of thrones .	battle of the breeches!	actor kit harington plays jon snow in the hit hbo beauty secrets of thrones and the star .
founder of bikram yoga has been accused of sexual advances by six separate women , has denied the allegations in an interview with cnn - the first time he has spoken out about the accusations choudhury told cnn that his success means he would never need to assault anyone .
grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair .	instagram is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair .	instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired instagrammers .
campaign group set up by group of british parents two years ago .	the campaign group let toys be toys are encouraged to play with science sets , cars and action heroes .	one of the majority of girls will be learning to draw toys and boys ' books .
harper lee , a 88 - year - old author , is in a nursing home in monroeville , alabama .	the book is high on amazon 's department of best - seller list .
mick schumacher made his pre - season test debut in formula 4 .	the 16 - year - old was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when he skidded out of control and onto gravel .	his father won the formula one championship seven times .
police in lower moreland , pennsylvania received a call from the unidentified juvenile around 12:50pm and rushed to the home on the 100 block of country lane .	authorities have not yet officially identified the couple , family and friends say they were chris and nicole peppelman , the owners of a local excavating company .
women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the last month of her pregnancy .	she was barely showing but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show .
kalman kallai travelled from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia .	the traveller is featured rocking and making gestures with his hand .	mr kallai is joined by his dad while journeying across the country .
the fire broke out in a non - production building in louisville , louisville , kentucky , on friday morning .	the smoke near the building was found to shut off any ventilation from outside the facility .	the fire was found in a storage building , which began around 8 . 30am .
all saints church in the middle of wolverhampton 's red light district has been running since last august .	the bishop of wolverhampton , reverend sarah schofield said the decision was made by the church .
aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of bbc period drama poldark .	about 8 .	1m people on average have watched each episode .	aidan has died and his former fiance , elizabeth , has married another man .
sjaak rijke was abducted by al qaeda in mali nearly four years ago .	rijke is being held hostage by french special forces in mali .	rijke was rescued by extremists in mali this morning .
sales of lobster , oysters , prawns and nutmeg will increase by 80 per cent .	sales of $15 , chocolate and prawns and fish will also increase by 54 per cent over easter chocolate .
jennifer houle , 22 , vanished from a bar in minnesota on friday morning .	police have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge , which is 110ft above the mississippi river .	the medical examiner 's office identified the body as houle 's .
the 26 - year - old is the brand widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 .	candice gave fans a sneak peek of her dramatic look back in january .
mike whitehead , who was standing against labour 's alan johnson , said he was ' disgusted ' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area .	nigel farage said the scalp was ' another hammer blow ' for david cameron .
ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them .
lindsey walker , from darlington , spent a holiday from hell at the rex hotel .	ms walker , her partner and two - year - old son from darlington set out for a holiday of the year only to have it ruined .
amber rachdi , 24 , from the age of 30 , has now lost 20st in a year .	she has now shed 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former body weight .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich , who lives in vienna , two weeks ago , he told nbc dfw .	she told him that someone using the name ' johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending heinrich online .	she said he needed money to pay taxes in england , heinrich wired him $4 , 000 .
kim callaghan piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .	mother - of - two lost half of her body weight loss to her weight loss .	kim married her husband sean callaghan , 41 , in 1999 .
scientists have found archae bacteria deep inside the earth 's ocean floor .	they have found a new type of virus that thrive on the earth .	this is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes .
piper and william kulk died in hospital from injuries sustained in a horrific car crash that also killed his eight - year - old sister .	piper and william kulk were involved in a fatal two - car collision on new south wales ' central coast at about 5 .	15pm on saturday .	police said piper died in hospital on sunday morning .
the u.s. economy spilled into the house market in utah on friday .	the yield of the weakness is the envy of the world 's largest economy , the labor department says .	the march jobs data raised uncertainties of the economy .
the ladies of ancient india used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime .	the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves .	meanwhile , mary , who washed herself in white wine , was said to treat problem .
donny ray williams , who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee , slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious .	he had sex with a woman too inebriated , prosecutors say .
ally lees , of alfie bird 's restaurant in birmingham , created the dish - which is three - foot in circumference - in time for easter .	the overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein , which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man .
bobbi ann finley , 39 , has been wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying .	the pair are believed to be driving - a blue 2005 cadillac escalade .	bobbi ann house , 27 , hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen .
the country is due to repay a 330million loan to the international monetary fund on thursday .	there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment .	deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said greece will in fact make the payment on time .
the wide - leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean skinny jeans .	it 's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the age of the seventies .
billy gordon was forced to quit the queensland labor party last week in the wake of being accused of domestic violence and withholding his criminal history .	he said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past .
two passengers in the car were thrown in the backseat of the car .	one of the passengers was taken to hospital after the incident in new york .	detective cherry , who was abused by the driver , has been abused by police .
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a lawsuit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs .	employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring to hiv and pharmacies .
western esplanade cul - de - sac is a real - life version of the tv comedy stella street .	the view of the sea from the property 's modern living room has gone on the market .
denise chiffon berry , 44 , and her son were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday when they passed by three men in a cadillac - one of whom had his legs dangling out of the window .	the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12 - year - old boy .
just 28 of 700 , 000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name .	the name given to david and victoria beckham 's daughter - to take that singer barlow might have put some off helped by the baby .
danny lambo , 37 , has bought his girlfriend 's chocolate bar in the home of natasha flynn , 29 , in the house of natasha lambo , 29 .	the landmark touchstone bath is available to include a separate , costs 1 , 000 chocolate .
kris wardle married his long - term girlfriend katrina in 2011 with her teenage son , mark , acting as best man .	however , less than two years later , the hgv truck driver would be a widower , after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21 - year - old mark after a row over his cannabis use .
manuela arbelaez tweeted about her embarrassment at the daytime quiz show .	she tweeted that her embarrassment was ' clearly somewhere else ' .	she later tweeted about the answers on the price of the game .	the contestant tweeted that she was consoled by manuela arbelaez .
california gov .	jerry brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on wednesday , as the state is in a drought for four years .	california has been in a decline in a transition to a new era of the state .
svetlana lokhova , 33 , was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment .	she was falsely accused of being a cocaine addict and branded ' miss bonkers ' .	tribunal found miss lokhova was a ' resilient person ' but said she was hired by bank .
james bowen wrote a heart - warming book about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction .	bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit .	since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out 15 , 500 copies of a street .
the kilcoy state school is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area .	parents have been urged to take vaccination seriously after 19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane .	there are 86 cases of whooping cough every year .
scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces .	they found that the reverberations of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car .
christopher bridger , 25 , from stevenage , hertfordshire , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year .	the hcpc conduct and competence committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as ' a serious breach of trust' .
reece o'dell , 17 , from north carolina , was sent a letter telling her she had missed out on a place however , refusing to take no for an letter , she said: ' this year we all know that it 's [UNK] .
jade ' berardi has died aged 22 .	linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club: chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen .	no details or cause of death have been released .	the network confirmed her passing in a statement on friday: ' we are deeply saddened by the loss of linsey ' jade ' berardi , who appeared in season 12 .
townsville nurse maria sevilla and her son , tyrone , will be forced out of the country within 28 days .	the single - mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son 's autism would be a ' burden on the australian health system' , according to the immigration department .
kim disbanded the group of hand - picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the north korean capital pyongyang in december 2011 .	now that the country 's official three - year mourning period for kim jong - il has concluded , the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role , as the previous members retired and were married off to military generalswhen they hit their early 20s .
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando , florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65 - years - old .	she was arrested for possession of weed and xanax hilbert claims that her much older lover ' body bumped ' her during the argument .
jaye cox and her husband , matthew , decided to deliver their daughter annabelle prematurely on may 5 last year after scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida .	annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at canberra hospital and her distraught parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes .
real matsuko deluxe ( left ) shared the stage with his ' matsukoroid ' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night .	the late - night television personality shared the stage with his ' matsukoroid ' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night .	japanese engineers , who are trying to replace celebrities with human - like androids .
ukip leader nigel farage said he was ' pretty good ' ahead of his tv test .	he said he would be ' clear my head ' during the may 7 - hour debate .	mr cameron said there will be ' no bodily contact ' during debate .
60 per cent of the steeplechase takes place on saturday at aintree , which will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated 500 million million million million million more than a million dollars .	the world 's greatest race takes place at aintree .
rent - rate apartments go for $3 , 500 a month for one - bedroom apartments .	the building advertises granite counter tops , stainless steel appliances and close proximity to rent - stabilized tenants .
robert streeter and robert hoehn , two self - styled intelligence experts in the thirties .	the answers can be found at the bottom of the page .	how long will it take one man to build a revolution .
turkey has lifted a block on social media sites in the country after twitter , facebook and youtube agreed to remove photographs of the deadly siege in which mehmet selim kiraz was killed in hospital .
the fbi said he was killed in a raid in the philippines in january .	he was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in philippines .	he is believed to have conducted bomb - making training for the fbi .
ed miliband said it was ' not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next .	he said a labour government would give workers the right to demand a ' regular contract if they do regular hours ' .
jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud , gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 , when she left teaching to have her fourth child .	the 60 - year - old was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos .	her family believe the asbestos in the school is to blame for her death .
avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease .	she said she had no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her .	she was bedridden for five months when she was fully suffering the disease .
nrl head of football todd greenberg revealed that the match review committee would ' look very closely at ' their behaviour , noting that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will ' form part of the review' .
tomas driukas , a 25 - year - old mother , was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning .	the baby was taken to birmingham children 's hospital with breathing problems .	the couple had a young girl and twin babies , who is believed to be a twin .
novelist , who died aged 68 in april last year , achieved huge success with the secret diary of adrian mole , aged 1334 , when it was published in 1982 .	the book , which told of the life and loves of an angst - ridden teenager , was followed by seven sequels , selling in total more than eight million copies .
radar images have shown that mount everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the interferogram .	the interferogram combines two sentinel - 1a radar scans from 17 and 29 april 2015 .
melbourne mother - of - two , kady marsh , took her seven - month - old baby aside to breastfeed in the hotel .	the mother of two - year - old kady says she is ' ludicrous ' to use the disabled mothers to breastfeed elsewhere in the venue .	the hotel is the only area .
mike hand was diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord .	the 39 - year - old has been told he can only have a disability grant to adapt his home .	the couple were told that they don't have to earn ' virtually nothing ' to receive the grant .
gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .	the staff at the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden , about 100 miles southwest of little rock , said weaver is in good health .
the average cost of property in salcombe , devon , has seen an average property value of 1 , 338 , 217 .	the average value of a waterfront property in the salcombe tops 2million , including oxford , bath and edinburgh .
richard hutchinson , 40 , from thornaby - on - tees , has been jailed for two years .	he has been sentenced to two years in intensive care for the incident .	he was jailed for the two years for attacking his ex - girlfriend .
dr leshchinsky , the head of the laboratory of mesozoic and cenozoic continental eco - systems , said: ' in some collections that we examined almost 100 per cent of the bones ' .	it was thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post - ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man .	but now a new theory is set to re - write the history .
oscar hbinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia .	the volcano is a 780 mile ( 1 , 250km ) long peninsula in the russian far east .
28 - year - old was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy , and doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy .	the sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later .
wangyin internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin online zombies: a line of dead - eyed chinese youths play computer games at an online cafe .	there are 6 , 000 mostly young , mostly male patients and claims to have cured 75 per cent .
the first ipad launched on 3 april 2010 , opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be , and whether the tablet market would grow .	now five years - and 225 million sales - later it might be natural to presume that those who doubted the device have been proved wrong .
arkansas gov .	asa hutchinson says he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state 's legislature sent to him on tuesday , citing influence from his politically liberal son .	he is sending it back to lawmakers , he told reporters , for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians .	hutchinson said wednesday that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law .
jermaine kellman , marvin sempler , 30 , clinton jackson , 25 , and darren lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their 80s .	mr fisher , then 81 , was jailed for 18 years for targeting the pensioners .
the child , whose name has not been released , suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont , new jersey on march 6 and died later that day .	the fifth - grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say ' checkmate' , according to the report .
robert durst , 71 , has been charged with contempt of court for failing to appear in court .	he is accused of murdering his hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant .
historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year .	and now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 , theproperty observerreports .	the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today .
four of the trimmings contain 550 kilojules you'll need to run for at least 40 minutes .	if you wanted to put in to get the most out of your easter binge session .	a man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same .
the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa ' started applauding and cheering ' when his vessel was entirely submerged , according to the anti - poaching vessel .	the vessel was safely rescued after the boat 's distress signals were sounded . '	what was incredibly strange was the vessel , ' captain said .
bath abbey could be linked to the city 's roman water network to heat the vast medieval church using ancient underground springs .	the idea has been in the pipeline for years , but now excavation work has begun to determine whether its possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring .
president milos zeman was criticised by ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in moscow , despite the crisis in ukraine .	in response to the critique , president zemansaid ambassador schapiro is no longer welcome in the prague castle , the seat of presidency .
homes with the upmarket store nearby cost 12 per cent more or 38 , 831 than those in surrounding areas that werent near a branch .	but having a budget store such as an aldi or lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood .
staff at scooter 's coffee , in omaha , were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours , starting at 5pm on sunday .	instead of the usual images of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola 's pages after they were hacked .
the mother - of - four suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal - hit north manchester general hospital in december .	the 37 - year - old 's death came just months afterthree babies and one mother died at the maternity unit .
rev justin welby said 148 mainly christian victims of thursday 's brutal mass - murders were ' witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word ' .	pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter 's square in the vatican , where he also made a nod to the recent agreement between iran and the world ) message .
single mother of two is partying away her final years on brighton 's gay scene .	her penchant for partying isn't entirely without its pitfalls , with the pensioner admitting that proffering a bus pass in the early hours while ' stinking of vodka ' can be a bit embarrassing .
rekha nagvanshi , 30 , had turned on her husband 's parents at the home .	she was caught urinating into the tea and found her squatting over the teapot .	but she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage .
adam rushton , 37 , took advantage of being a beat officer in longton , stoke - on - trent , to have sex with women , birmingham crown court heard .	the 37 - year - old officer was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data .
the 28 - year - old flame - haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a west end production of david mamets speed the plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews - and seems intent on remaining in the uk for the foreseeable future .	lindsay 's leather number is available to purchase for just under $1 , 000 .
jennifer williams , of jeff davis county , said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but ' it doesn't mean that i could do for him ' .	indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers .
a swarm of sharks was spotted off the coast of south florida last week .	the picture was shared more than 2 , 000 times by sunday , which migrate this time of year to breed .
hundreds of foreigners have been evacuated from yemen after weeks of fighting in the war - torn country .	they include 176 people from pakistan with the remainder from ethiopia , yemen , yemen and yemen .
11 will all be sentenced on april 8 and could face up to 20 years in prison for the racketeering charges .	they were all found guilty under the racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act , or rico , which is typically reserved for major mobsters and organized crime bosses .
morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss , while also leading to large sores on the body which are constantly itching to the sensation of bugs or parasites crawling underneath the skin .	from these sores they claim sprout colorful fibers that cannot be described and , according to one person , ' cannot be forensically identified as animal , vegetable or mineral .
jamyra gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first - degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 in washington , d .	c . the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine - sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him .
u.s. attorney ronald machen told house speaker john boehner in a seven - page letter that lerner could wrap herself in the scandal .	lerner has long been in the gop 's crosshairs because she led the irs department tasked with approving nonprofit groups ' applications for tax - exempt status .
more than 2 , 000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to a fire in holborn , london .	more than 1 , 000 buildings remain without power today , but underground services have returned to normal .
mary , known as mary , was born at alder hey children 's hospital in january 2013 .	she was born 12 weeks after a lengthy stay in the hospital in liverpool .	mary 's siblings were well - known to social services and had been reported .
tracy stratton says her daughter , tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham , south east london .	she claims the seven - year - old was left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house .
ed miliband confessed that he ' blubbed ' during the british film pride that centres on the 1984 miners ' strike no .	miliband received a lot of praise for admitting that he had a weep what a surprise that such a storyline led the labour leader to exclaim: justine [his wife] and i watched it recently and blubbed .
joseph mcenroe , 36 , from carnation , washington , was convicted of killing four adults and two children aged three and five in 2007 by a jury last week .	he is testifying in the testimony of his trial in a bid to avoid the death penalty .
the couple were insistent that they are not having another baby .	she was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign , and gave birth to their fourth child on a visit to chorley , lancashire .
shauna mcglasson , 25 , from workington , is now more than half a year .	she 's now a new relationship with her size and 5ft lacey in her arms .	she started screaming after her mother tried to wear herself in her .
david and margaret - ann rous , margaret - rous , died in a light aircraft crash .	the couple had been married for less than a year when their plane crashed into a plane cockpit .
the 39 - year - old played an 18 - hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national .	woods announced his return to the masters in augusta next week .	he played an extended break at the farmers insurance open .
mcdonald 's announced wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full - and part - time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company - owned restaurants operate .	company said the increase will be instituted starting july 1 .	it expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016 , up from the current rate of $9 an hour .
white house chief of staff denis mcdonough hadn't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july .	she figured white house chief of staff denis mcdonough hadn't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july .
jessica ainscough , 30 , was diagnosed with cancer in february after a lengthy battle with cancer .	she said she was planning to marry her partner tallon pamenter this year .	she died in 2008 after a long battle with the disease in 2008 .
the man , wearing an orange high - vis jacket , could be seen leaning out the door .	he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues in the van .	he said he was leaning out of the door because he was feeling unwell .
ben , 76 , was born when he was 76 when he sleeps on his own .	he was born at the age of 72 , his daughter , ben , who was born in the 80s .
former hewlett packard head and maybe republican presidential candidate carly fiorina is attributing the years - long drought in california to ' liberal environmentalists , ' whom she says brought on the state 's water shortage with their policies .	the measure was opposed by environmental groups , who said the water transportation system would disrupt the habitat of certain fish species , and the white house had said the president would veto the bill if it passed .
australia 's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal ' shot ' for reptile wranglers on the nsw central coast .	mr collett has been milking snakes for almost 10 years but has never extracted venom .
tara mcintyre , 24 , was left virtually wheelchair - bound when she was hit by the drunk - driver .	she was overtaking a line of fractured spine and pelvis , a court heard .
gigi hadid , 19 , has credited her best friend kendall jenner .	the 19 - year - old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star .	gigi has taken inspiration from her fellow models .
steph jess , 22 , and stef , 27 , have teamed up with ' print all over ' .	the new york - based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints - and buffalo shoes , the spice girls ' platforms .
the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9 , 000 - plus crowd , but they weren't introduced as destiny 's child - they were introduced by their individual names .	michelle williams , kelly rowland and beyonce performing " say yes " during the 30th annual stellar awards in las vegas last week .
the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as california depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs .	as he stood in a brown meadow that 's normally blanketed in snow , gov .	brown ordered sweeping , unprecedented measures to save water in the state .
brad pitt vowed to help make it right for the citys thousands of displaced citizens by building eco - friendly homes to replace the ones destroyed .	brad pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city .
motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury in somerset on tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the hgv for several miles .	the driver gambled on finally passing lorry driver , nick townley , at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph .
takako konishi was found dead in a mini - skirt and high - heeled boots in the frozen wastes of minnesota just days after being found in the snow .	it was claimed that takako 's body was foundby a half - way across the world to try and find a suitcase in the midwest .
the 31 - year - old woman was arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate , 28 , was also friends with the one - time editor of al qaeda magazine inspire .	samir khan , an american citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen .
amanda holden will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals .	she has been at the centre since the centre for a month .	amanda has two daughters lexi , nine , and denise lewis .
in 2012 , matthew ho , 63% of texas , has been in the prom of the year .	the stunt attracted a crowd in the u.s. for the average american high school in laredo , texas .
atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance .	mr saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera .
themensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory , concentration , agility , perception and reasoning , which all contribute to a high iq .	became the youngest person ever to join mensa in the june .
the village of jose ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous .	the tiny village of south america is one of the most famous restaurants in south america .	the golden beaches of uruguay are the main draw for argentinian and brazilian visitors .
waheed ahmed , 19 , was caught trying to cross into syria in syria .	the three men and two women were taken to the hospital with their children .	mr danczuk said it was ' unacceptable ' and ' [UNK] .
the 50 - year - old , from east yorkshire , even visited their home to capture images of the elvis weekender in bridlington , east riding of yorskshire , and the european elvis championships .
violators will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will be made to take a test .	the terror group said it would be ' volatile and changeable ' .	the sanctions will be sentenced to ten days .
konstantin sivkov , who writes a column for the military - industrial courier , wrote earlier this month that russia needed new ' megaweapons ' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies .	he said that russia should develop nuclear bombs near the bottom of the ocean .
tim mcnaughtons body was discovered alongside his father greg mcnaughtons near a shooting range at a farm in the caves , near rockhampton in central queensland on tuesday .	tim was issued with a shooter firearm licence by the northern territory police .
researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the namibian desert .	the illustration on the left shows the distribution of skin cells , and the one on the right .
john lewis has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations the more than three months after the christmas break .	john lewis is still trying to sell its leftover christmas stock .
fiona stanley hospital , in southwest perth , was fined $60 , 000 .	the hospital was found to have blood and bone fragments of the equipment .	the west australian was stripped of the hospital last year .
arrests of ashley jennifer white , 30 , and paul thomas , 32 , have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5 - year - old son , noah , last month tragic: noah thomas , five , was last seen watching cartoons march 22 at home in dublin , virginia .	police confirmed his body was found in a septic tank near the family home march 26 from left; virginia state police lt .
dublin - based airline has informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from glasgow prestwick airport to the spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin , and they risk being kicked off the flight if they dont comply .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , new york .	the ship departed tampa , florida , on sunday for a two - week cruise in puerto rico .	it was unclear when the couple died .
kayli henley was snapping pictures of six - month - old taos and his 20 - year - old mother , sierra sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete .	henley took a photograph of smith from the family and , with a ghostly filter , fitted the image around his girlfriend and son .
26 - year - old royal was joined by boyfriend dave clark , 31 , at shoreditch house .	she had been partying with boyfriend , virgin galactic 's dave clark .	boyfriend dave lasercut , 26 , was partying with her boyfriend .
manufacturers of the state - of - the - art helicopter , textron , are one of the first companies to incorporate fly - by - wire flight this year .	the bell 525 relentless is due to make its 525 miles per hour and with its 2 , 4000 - litre fuel capacity .
princess elizabeth , princess elizabeth and margaret wander incognito through the city streets .	the queen and her best friend , sarah gadon , says the queen is a ' great happiness ' in the film .
etihad deal was at odds with kidman 's role as a u .	n . women 's goodwill ambassador .	etihad has rejected the allegation , arguing its employees is one of the airline 's top priorities .
astudyreported in the british medical journal found that90 per cent of patients were able to get a appointment in 2013/14 .	a quarter of patients turning up to see a gp within 48 hours .
sofia davila , 21 , has been nicknamed the ' black widow of facebook ' .	the 21 - year - old was caught after trying to trick police that she was forced to leave the flat .
prince harry has been filmed revelling in a daring new adventure a stomach - churning flight in afghanistan and braving sub - zero temperatures to trek across frozen wastes to the south pole .	buckingham palace released video of the 30 - year - old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in australia tomorrow , where he will begin a month - long attachment with the australian defence force .
nicola horlick , 54 , said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38 .	she is disapproving of stay - at - home fund manager .
the $2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment .	the company was fined $60 , 000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff , but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments , reports abc .
jay has 735 , 000 followers and alexis an impressive 1 .	1million . jay has produced a youtube video to show his girlfriend is a model .	the pair share their stunning photos of their photographs .
bunkie king , 60 , has revealed how her three - way relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her older sister , leona .	the 60 - year - olds first meeting with thompson was when she was 15 years old sydney school girl , and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15 - year affair and unconventional arrangement .
rick yoes , 57 , was jailed this weekend after nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn came back to haunt him .	but grand prairie resident rick yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations , which officials claim were sent out in the mail .	yoes , an electrician at tarrant county college , was shocked when he received a postcard a couple weeks ago saying he had six outstanding code violations totaling $1 , 700 .
his wife of the prominent d .	c . rabbi bernard ' barry ' freundel was arrested after a police investigation revealed he had spied on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue 's ritual bathroom at the kesher israel congregation synagogue in october , the 63 - year - old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism and he is set to be sentenced on may 15 .
jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said the abuse started when the windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls .	she received an abusive phone call after appearing on channel 4 's ' four in a bed ' during the programme .
leo almost burned down his owner 's home in peckham , south - east london .	owner allen mosey 's son , 21 , and his daughter 's boyfriend relaxed in upstairs rooms .	the charred remains of a car seat that had been left on the hob .
ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , queens .	the 41 - year - old told the new york post he ' gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks .
the fish , which lives in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor , can whistle , croak and grunt .	scientists have found thathalobatrachus didactylus makes five types of calls not only to attract a mate , but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site .
dr omar al - atraqchi faces being struck off the medical register making him unable to continue working at the gym in newham , east london .	he pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined 500 , and ordered to pay costs .
more than half of pets will be classed as overweight in five years .	the pet fit club puts pets on six - month diet and exercise programme overseen by vets , leading to one in four - out - of - cats .
patrick sondheimer , 27 , tried to break down the cockpit door to stop killer pilot andreas sondheimer .	the picture was taken at dusseldorf airport in dusseldorf airport .	it has since emerged that mr lubitz had intentionally planned the attack .
bizarre search began on queensland 's gold coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs .	snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large - predatory boa has inclusion body disease ' it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia' .
richie sambora is being investigated by police over claims he would ' dig a hole in the desert and bury her ' .	sambora is a ' person of interest ' in an active investigation into criminal threats .
at least 35 workers have been killed at a dairy factory in hodeida .	the attack on the dairy factory comes as saudi arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion .
13 - year - old faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child , one of her injuries .	the girl told police she was forced to undress in front of her attacker .
tattoo - loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules .	regulations about the size and number of tattoos will be dropped .
the grand mosque in abu dhabi is the world 's first ' virtual holiday ' experience on social media .	for just the fraction of the price of a traditional ' social media swaggering .
tory health minister dan poulter , lib dem minister tom brake and labour frontbencher gavin shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for men 's health magazine .	mr poulter , a gp first elected in 2010 , could be expected to already know what it takes to stay healthy .
the national union of teachers has called for a positive portrayal of same sex relationships in lessons to be made compulsory under the next government .	critics accuse nut of thought control and said the intolerant proposals risked oversexualising children at a young age .
billy - anne huxham , 18 , was found at 9 .	15am on queensland 's sunshine coast .	police found the vehicle that was used in her abduction earlier this year .	ms huxham 's ex - boyfriend has been arrested and charged with a string of offences including assault .
researchers at khao yai national park , north east asia , have been able to communicate with each other about predators , foraging and when meeting neighbours .	researchers at wisconsin university in hoo thailand have been overlooked in favour of the calls of predators .
the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 .	rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power .	they were last seen alive on march 28 .
real housewives of new jersey star joe giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he 's ever seen .	his wife , teresa , is serving a 15 - month federal sentence on the fraud charges .
the 21 - year - old family of a charity worker died after drowning off the coast of south africa .	her parents sarah and john have been remembering their daughter as a ' bubbly [UNK] .
the number of people paying 40p tax has already doubled from about 2m to 5million in two decades , but the tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power .	mr balls was ' let the cat out of the bag ' on tax bands .
gemma , 31 , from liverpool , was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome , a rare condition that attacks the nervoussystem .	the aspiring model is taking part in a wheelchair .
karen davis , from port pirie , notoriously flashed her size - k - cup breasts .	she handed herself into police before she was reported by police with disorderly behaviour .	police released a statement saying ' flat - tittie chicks ' are not confident .
clip , uploaded to facebook today , show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of african descent .	the woman then appears in her neighbour 's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar , verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them .
the father - of - three , who has a fourth child on the way , is set for april 2 .	his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive .	two u.s. senators are proposing a stand - alone , automatic citizenship for him .
louis jordan , 37 , was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina , suffered no sun damage , was not dehydrated and refused treatment .	the coast guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel , expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn .
the taliban has published a book of his ' charismatic ' supreme leader .	the taliban have seen defections to isis recently , with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one - eyed .
u.s. human rights chief says there are ' persistent scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter ' .	the islamist militant group has retreated from parts of northeastern nigeria , ' gruesome scenes of troops ' and using children as ' expendable cannon [UNK] .
the man , ibrahim jalloh , were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014 .	sherrif has already been sentenced to death , according to theabc .	australian manibrahim jalloh is awaiting trial after reportedly being arrested attempting to smuggle drugs in china .
david fitzgerald says there are no mention of christ in historical texts .	he says there is no contemporary texts of jesus in the gospels of the time .	mr fitzgerald believes it is no longer the figure of jesus was a real person .
manning , 27 , is serving a 35 - year sentence for espionage and computer fraud .	the 27 - year - old is now living as a woman and is dictating the tweets over the phone to close friends .
john r .	lind , 34 , pleaded guilty to indecent exposure in his law .	he was found guilty of ejaculating in his female colleague 's coffee .	he will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on may 22 .
the 115 - year - old gertrude weaver , 116 , is the world 's oldest documented person for a total of six days .	talley was born on may 23 , 1899 , and credits her long life to her faith .	talley is the oldest living person in the world .
randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ' fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds .	but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six - year - old granddaughter porter getting red - faced and dramatically crying in horror .
vladimir putin will consider any attempt to return the crimean peninsula to ukraine as declaration of war and will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region .	notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that putinis planning imminent ' destabilising actions ' in pro - western baltic states .
a . sanchez , 25 , was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor .	sanchez - who is believed to be a mother - of - three - was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka during the fall 2014 semester .
hassan rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear deal .	the deal promises to end years of crippling sanctions against iran .	the agreement between iran and the west struck after a historic deal .
lewis ferguson wins the 4 .	20 at the grand national on wednesday .	the 18 - year - old is a tipped favourite to win the john dufosee memorial hunter chris honour .	the jockey hits the fence colliding with the barrier .
li chien , a 30 - year - old , was visiting a nearby pub in li 's home .	he was found dead in a pool of blood and went to his neighbour 's yard .
the lawsuit , which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families , is seeking $1billion , claiming that officials from hopkins approved the study at the time and even helped to plan and monitor it as it ran from 1945 to 1956 .	the few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected , and many among them were orphans .
deborah fuller , 56 , dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car as she drove alongthe b1066 near long melford , essex .	fuller , oflawford , essex , denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animalby not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle .
the fbi disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a congressional committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of king and former president john f kennedy .	wexler told daily mail online that the bureau 's actions were ' disturbing ' and that his research had left him suspecting that agents had mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth .
the mobile phone companies boasted that 4g services would be five times faster than the existing 3g networks when they launched in the autumn of 2012 .	however , a new official study puts the real figure at an average of 2 .	5 times faster - 14 .	7 megabits per second .
the trader made a profit of approximately $2 .	5million on friday thanks to a tweet from the wall street journal .	seconds later , the trader was able to capitalize on one of the biggest deals of the year .
donna oettinger , 41 , died on a train tracks in south london in march 2013 .	she had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son lay down in front of a train .
the rspca has no more legal action since the collapse of the new case .	fox hunting was outlawed in lacock , wiltshire , last year .	just 49 people were charged with hunting crimes in 2005 , but the rspca is now investigating .
mohammed alam , sayed juied and sadek miah treated burglary ' like a job , a profession , ' raiding houses in affluent west london , herfordshire and surrey .	over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes , taking a ferrari , porches , paintings and cash worth 1million , often waiting until home owners were on holiday before striking .
sarah theeboom , new york city , said she stopped washing her hair six years ago .	she ran into an old friend whose hair was the ' no poo ' movement .	she said her hair is now silkier and ' totally frizz - free .
more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america .	visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the canyon .
33 - year - old sydney based tech and gaming journalist is known for dressing up as wonder woman in her spare time - as well as her sideline zombie and huntress costumes - insists she 's a geek through and through .	ms johnston is one of the growing number of australians who are dressing up in hand - made costumes of their favourite comic book .
ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at the eagle medical practice and a private residential address on the island of alderney after the force was alerted by the health & social services department .	the hssd said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council was informed .
the nauseating footage was captured on a camera in portland , portland , portland , oregon .	the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings .
jury of experts chose three winners to evolo magazine 's 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries .	more than 480 design teams submitted entries to evolo magazine 's 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries .
british national , of polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party - front , according to reports .	members of the banned leftist group - known as the dhkp - c - took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week .
salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath .	the 101 - year - old widow , who was never keen on exercise in her youth , now does weights and sit - to - stand exercises several times a weekat southern cross care in merrylands and there 's no sign of her slowing down at any time soon .
blue bell ice cream announced friday that it has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility .	the company and health officials said a 3 - ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , the company .
abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .	passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the incident happened at around 3 .	30pm on its way to ao nang .
23 - year - old kamron t .	taylor was found guilty of first - degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 21 years to life in prison .	the girl , 23 , was found dead in a residential area of kankakee .	he was convicted of murder of murder and sentenced to death in february .
more than 1 , 000 cuban properties are listed on the island and the bulk of them are located in the capital of havana .	more than one million private listings are available for the first time .
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .	this week the 55 - year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal .
apple is expected to last more than a 6 .	5 hours in the past month .	apple 's larger iphone 6 and 6 plus have been spotted on 18 hours .	apple is said to have been recruiting for battery and power .
gizelle laurente booked her son , jacob prien , on a flight from darwin to brisbane .	she was booked to fly to brisbane so he could be able to fly with his father .	the captain of the flight came to brisbane for the weekend .
tiffanie didonato , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb - lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall .	the three - year - old marine is expecting their second child in september .
syrian girl was photographed in a jordanian refugee camp , weeping with fear after mistaking an aid worker 's camera for a weapon .	it was then rene schulthoffrealised the girl - alone and barefoot among the metal huts - was so scared of his camera that ' she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon' .
the 27 - year - old is trying to change peoples perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of somalia that most people have never seen .	it 's also a project of discovery for ugaaso , who works as a civil servant , and was two years old when she and her grandmother fled somalias civil war and moved to canada .
ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action .	footage shows the dog standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn of the device .
steven costa , 31 , plans to leave his home in iraq to fight against isis in iraq .	he will join up with kurdish fighters and other foreign ex - servicemen who have joined the battle against the barbaric islamists .	mr costa will leave his wife and children behind to fight the terrorists .
kevin pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six - year - old brother , brady , as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson , florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life .	as many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys , who would've celebrated their birthdays this week; kevin would have turned 13 on monday .
carlos colina , 32 , is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in cambridge , massachusetts .	the remains of jonathan camilien , 26 , were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology .
dangelo conner , from new york , filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend 's apartment , first waving it around , then sending volts coursing through a coke can .	his antics all went horribly wrong after he decided to electrocute a metal bracelet while he was still holding it , sending the current through his hand and into his body .
crsity collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit .	the 30 - year - old was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit .	the 30 - year - old was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit .
orgasmic meditation , shortened to om , is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness .	the 195 - year - old daedone first taught orgasmic meditation in the us in the uk .	the aim is to teach couples how to enable women to orgasm .
the decision from u.s. district judge susan dlott means right - wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class - action lawsuit against the irs .	federal tax - exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose , including issue advocacy and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors .
an experiment on the iss will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity .	the results could help farmers on earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help humans grow plants .
the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice made with high - proof alcohol and hardly any mixers , these ten cocktails are sure to floor even the hardiest of drinker .
only billboard showed a glamorous young couple , the fifth king and his queen , looking as if they had stepped out of a bollywood movie .	tiger 's nest monastery is the most sacred site in the buddhist country of bhutan and was built in the 8th century .
lisa colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness .	the married mother - of - two was returning from covering a house fire in the new york city on march 19 .
kristin holmes , 26 , has been arrested for ' facebook thugging ' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users ' 'misdirected threats' .	she is now facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and a $2 , 500 fine .
conservatives accuse mr farage of making up his policies as he goes along with his party .	conservatives accuse him of making the u - turn on immigration .	mr farage has denied his party has made any u - turns on the immigration .
the green manual advises them to appear ' level headed ' and ' long - term ' fashion .	the party 's green manual for volunteers aims to ease voters ' concerns over party 's radical plans .
karl lagerfeld , 82 , with three - year - old cat belonging to karl lagerfeld is also the richest .	the fashion designer has revealed his white siamese earned 2 .	18million last year - that 's just220 , 000 less than cara delevingne , one of the world 's top models .
thomas , 42 , is the first woman to officiate a fbs game in 2012 .	she will be hired as a full - time nfl game in the league next year .	thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season .
chris trokey , a semi - truck , saved the life of dr .	shannon shannon , california , in 2011 .	he was hit by a truck and trapped in his burning suv after it was t - boned by a baby .	the two men participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer .	dr michael shannon , who spent more than a month , saved his life in the hospital .
rob kardashian , 28 , has disappeared from the media spotlight .	he has been released in newly released clips from this week 's episode of keeping up with the kardashians .
a judge in gloversville dismissed the charges against joshua malatino this week .	malatino and his then - girlfriend , samantha scott of the snow kone joe ice cream truck business were charged in april 2013 after the driver of a mr .	ding - a - ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him .
latisha fisher , 35 , has been charged with second - degree murder for allegedly killing 20 - month - old gavriel ortiz - fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 boro burger on west 36th street monday afternoon .	fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems , but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year .
kathrin goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash .	he was co - piloting into the french alps that they have fled their home in montabaur and have no plans to return .
the 12 - year - old nest is the world 's largest european wasp nest .	the nest is on display at launceston 's queen victoria museum and art gallery .	it is the largest subterranean european wasp nests .
man and 64 - year - old woman were charged with possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg on thursday .	it is thought that the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds .	the carcasses were found in the home in vera scarth - johnson wildflower reserve .
paris picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marchby delivering a freshly - prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city .	visitors or locals can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order .
randy pierce , from california , was one of only 10 percent of competitors to win the boston marathon this month .	he was running in memory of quinn , who passed away from bone cancer last year .
tina campbell , from london , paid 100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected .	however , tina , who spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages , said the incident has not deterred her from hair hair extensions again .
27 - year - old jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch .	henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain .	the pro - sportsman was shooting a video for thefayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place .
anti - rape campaigners said the posters would be put up in pub and nightclub toilets as well as bus stops in brighton .	sussex police said police should not be able to leave their friends .
father - of - two sir stirling said he sees fitness as a ' way of life ' and ' [UNK] ' .	sir stirling says he has half a bottle of wine a day , which fits in very 50mph .
taylor davis , 20 , was seen in the kissimmee , florida store , touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday .	osceola county sheriff deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot .	the 20 - year - old was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the osceola county jail .
the event was an attempt at breaking the world record for the world 's biggest , with 500 , 000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters .	little two - and three - and 3 - year - olds were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the chaos .
the car 's owner is one of the most powerful ever produced by the driver of the car .	the dutch owner of the 2012 supercar was waiting in the hotel exedra after the crash in a car .
the red lady 's remains were found in the el mirn cave in cantabria , spain .	the remains were discovered in the ' cold , open environment of the cave ' .	she was found to be red ochre from a cave in the cave .
scotland 's oldest inhabited castle also hosts drumming and singing .	learn how to play the fool at the royal court , enjoy medieval dancing and take part in the games in the gardens .	free with entry to the castle ( [UNK] ) . com .
ukip leader said he wanted to ' keep his mind as clear as possible ' .	he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio .	mr farage said he was ' relishing ' the prospect of the two - hour live tv showdown .
meaghan meaghan , a 25 - year - old from texas , was suffering from multiple myeloma and a type of cancer which forms in the solidarity and she was in texas .	she has been charged with theft by deception and cancer .
the average american ingests about 3 , 500 milligrams of salt per day - the amount of sodium in a teaspoon of salt - and so under the current dietary guidelines , they say .
tina sinatra, the 66 - year - old laughed when he asked her if mia farrow 's son ronan was her brother .	mia said that sinatra was the father of her son , instead of woody allen .
fergus simpson from university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on earth .	this means that larger animals need more resources to survive , so are less common than plentiful ants , for example .	the cosmologists calculations are also based on the idea that theres a minimum size needed for intelligent life .
the 71 - year - old 's childhood home in scarsdale , new york , hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california .	but realtors have glossed over the coincidence , and the checkered past involving durst 's mother 's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32 .
canadian fair trade network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from .	teaming up with the advertsiing agency rethink , the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone .
ms yusupova 's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1 , 1880 .	they now want the guinness book of records to document that achievement .	the current record holder is french woman jeanne calment , who was 122 when she died in 1997 .
samsung will reportedly be the primary supplier of the a9 chips in apple 's upcoming iphone range .	samsung has announced better - than - expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 .	apple has designated samsung as the primary a9 .
lisa parkisson , 35 , died at oldham royal 48 hours after giving birth in april this year .	thomas beaty died at the same hospital in june after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth .
the 52 - year - old was heading to work at birmingham new street so that the carriage was used as a ' act of vandalism ' .	cctv images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation .
rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , is set to fetch more than 10 , 000 at auction in dallas , texas , on thursday .	more than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film .
chaplin 's union to lita grey , who was nearly 20 years his junior , lasted just three years .	the iconic film star was said to have confided in friends that the union was a better prospect than prison .	an original copy of the couples 50 - page divorce papers was set to fetch an estimated 15 , 000 .
maxine fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride the month before .	the 22 - year - old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with fohounhedo .
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will today find out if their last - ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed .	a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pairs lawyers can challenge indonesian president joko widodos decision to deny the two australians clemency .
the replica cave was built in vallon - pont - d'arc in southern france and contains 1 , 000 painstakingly - reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features .	experts have scanned the original drawings using 3d modelling techniques to create the biggest replica of the world .
alison hall , 48 , was at work when she took a puff on her back in her pocket .	she believes the nail may have worked its way inside the inhaler through a gap at the top .	the nail was part of a cheap 1 .
india mayhew , seven , suffered serious injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran 20 miles east of mumbai .	the victim , who was on the second day of a holiday , was rushed to hospital .
jack dellal left his whole estate to wife ruanne , a high - rolling gambler .	she is suing six of her husband 's children , including gabrielle , left , and jasmine , 61 , whose own assets have been valued at 41 . 5million .
the pie was created by turning the chocolate into a pie to serve with chips .	the result is his very own ' creme eggs ' and ' how do you eat yours ' .	the eggs were created by chilli - egg - baking chocolates in preston .
dr julie epstein , who opened one of nsw 's first anti - ageing clinics , has been found guilty of medical misconduct .	she has been prosecuted by the health care tribunal commission .
disgruntled fans uploaded pictures to social media revealing their trauma in getting to the bathroom .	the cubs had lost to the st .	louis cardinals 3 - 0 at wrigley field in wrigley field on sunday night .	fans were forced to shut down early on sunday .
the ohio - based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014 - 15 academic year .	researchers found that about one - third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media , email or other online means .
the 40 - year - old e!	star looked cool and collected in her memoir .	she was seen leaving the trump tower in new york city on her way to a today show .
mother - of - two lindsey cranfield spotted the image of jesus in a hot cross bun .	mother of two said he was ' thought ' that looks like a figure of jesus .
man was admitted to hospital in ' complaining of nausea , tea ' . '	it was the 16 cups of iced tea , ' he drank daily , according to university of medicine .
' i am proud to be the woman i am on this transgender day of [UNK] . '	kellie maloney said she was ' proud ' to be ' the woman ' .	she also underwent surgery in january but has now been released .
ivan milat , 55 , is serving seven life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992 .	he has been locked up in goulburn 's supermax jail for almost 20 years .	he is serving 20 years for the killings of milat in 1989 .
ivan carlos , 22 , and brenda avilez , 18 , and carlos avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2 .	30am wednesday .	the driver of the tree lost control of the vehicle and he was nine months pregnant .
lara logan , a family friend of logan's , said to be resting at her home in the washington dc area .	she was expected to remain in the hospital for several days to recover .	the 43 - year - old was reporting on the egyptian protests in february .
cressida , 26 , dated prince harry for two years after being introduced to the royal family last year .	she is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench .	she 's bagged herself a modelling contract with prince harry .
71 - year - old john knott , 71 , had been struggling to cope with alzheimer 's disease .	mr knott had been devoted to his wife of 37 years , nursing and cleaning her .	he had been battling plans to build a gipsy camp in a paddock .
miami herald columnist lesley abravanel told mailonline that he had been ' devastated ' by unflattering comparisons to dr franff on the netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .	abravanel said he had hanged himself at his miami mansion in miami by his housekeeper .
ross taylor of the indonesia institute said provided protections were in place , opening up the au pair system to more workers from indonesia could help deal with the crisis .	indonesia has almost a million people working as au pairs around the world .	many are in countries that are not as safe and secure as australia , he says .
the chief spokesman for 1600 pennsylvania avenue confirmed that the outage ' briefly had an impact on the white house complex ' but it was ' back on the regular power source ' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later .	the department of homeland security has said there 's no evidence of malicious intent or terrorism related activity .
rosa camfield , 33 , had three children , five grandchildren and 10 great - grandchildren .	she was the first one in the town to meet her great - grandmother rosa for the first time .	she received millions of likes and comments from her family .
the hot spot , near the four corners region of the u.s. southwest , covers only about 2 , 500 square miles ( 6 , 500 sq km ) , or half the size of connecticut .
richard and angela maxwell , from lincolnshire , won 53 , 193 , 914 on the draw .	the father - of - two said she thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day joke .
star reader was diagnosed with a life - threatening liver condition .	she was told she was ' overcome with emotion ' when she was born .	her parents were told she would need a liver transplant to save her .
diane greenberg , a devout catholic , and her husband bob , who is jewish , decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion .	it was never any pressure from them , according to it .
virginia roberts had hoped to join lawsuit against friend jeffrey epstein .	judge ruled her claims she was a ' sex slave ' to have sex with the duke of york three times should be struck from the record .
jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on march 12 .	all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them , but despite the warning williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the st .	louis county justice center .
health select committee chairman of the health select pharmacy site found to be sold to companies that target the nhs - approved pharmacy site .	he is the general executive of pharmacy 2u , who was in charge of hbos .
first of the badger cubs , named little star , was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the secret world centre , but pauline said they're growing at an astonishing rate .
the cave photographer , john spies , 59 , captured the sheer magnificence of the cave in many places .	the cave is one of the larger deposits along the river passage rippling reflections:a .
christian englander , a 30 - year - old , has thrown a banana peel at a black man for the second time in one week .	he has been arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery .	he was arrested on monday after the attack on chappelle 's show in new mexico .	he claims he ate the banana and washed it down with a shot of 99 bananas .
antiquities looted from ancient temples and buddhist sites have been found on display at the honolulu museum of art .	agents from the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement will take the items back to the government of india .
arkansas gov .	asa hutchinson signs a reworked religious freedom bill into law on thursday evening .	lawmakers in arkansas and indiana hoped that by amending their states ' measures they would quiet the national uproar over new religious objections that opponents say are designed to offer a legal defense for anti - gay discrimination ' now that this is behind us .
the officers fired ' toward the vicinity ' oftamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev ' without necessarily having identified and lined up their target' , the 130 - page document states .	they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns .	amid their chaotic shooting , transit cop richard donohue was critically wounded .
the family are planning to show elijah as much of the world as they can in his final days .	little elijah suffers from type 1 spinal muscular atrophy ( sma ) .	he gets weaker as he grows older .	born strong , he 's now ' very floppy' .
xiangyu ouyang , 26 , was on a state - sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde .	the 26 - year - old could face up to 8 years in prison .
frida kahlo has been released as part of a new book of the late artist frida kahlo .	she is seen walking around her home in mexico , mexico , where she was best known for her photographs .
the finnish driver took to the skies after racing his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain .	the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death .	the video reveals the staggering views of the surrounding snow - white stunt .
new pet gps allows owners to track their furry friends ' journeys in real time .	the first - of - its - kind service is available for $50 per flight from 10 us airports .
three men - thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 - were arrested thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder , florida attorney general pam bondi 's office said in a written statement .
tony blair is seen as a consultant to the cash - strapped government .	he has been dragged into the trip to the first century bc .	it has been dogged by allegations of burial mounds of the graves .
the 75 - year - old says the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes .	miss atwood said the duchess doesn't have a single opinion of her own .	the duchess of cambridge has been described as a feminist .
baby boys and girls were surprised when they were then given the ball to play with the ball .	they were able to comprehend what constitutes bullying , friendship and what it means to be a bystander .
the shetland pony has been battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack , devastating the toddler who played with her every day .	the five - year - old animal also had a broken leg and vets called to the field in boxley , near gillingham , kent , had no option but to put the distressed pony down .
10 per cent of patients tried - and failed to book a gp appointment in 2013/14 .	access to a gp is about to get even worse , as there is a shortage of doctors .
mother - of - two ashley doody , 30 , was arrested on sunday after allegedly attacking the family dog with a kitchen knife because she thought it was possessed by demons , according to police in maine .
marvin " papi gallo " jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout .	the black phone slipped out from jones ' black and red shorts at the ring inarcadia , florida .	the referee took the phone over to the side of the ring and put his phone in his shorts .
researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart .	they discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent damage .
86 - year - old founder of the far - right party defended having described nazi gas chambers as a ' detail of history' ' .	in words which will revive accusations that the far - right party remains anti - semitic , jean - marie le pen said he had ' never regretted ' making similar statements in the past .
misty machinshok , 33 , has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse in which she ' coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive , and held her daughter 's hand ' the first few times' .	she planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of wilkes - barre , pennsylvania .
the incident occurred over the arabian sea in mumbai , dubai .	it is believed to be an ' emergency warning ' by the etihad airways and abu dhabi .	the incident happened in the seychelles on wednesday .
the 48 - year - old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and date on the cathedral 's dome of the florence cathedral .	she used an eyeliner pencil to write her name , the day 's date on monday morning , but it did not leave any permanent damage .
the grade ii listed building was previously known as the bridewell prison in liverpool , and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences .	the development has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi - spec en suite bathrooms .
smart casual dress guidelines have taken to social media to complain .	cassandra hann 's casual dress code has been posted on the social media site .	qantas says it will be ' smart casual ' dress guidelines .
in one case , a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ' unfair ' promise of free curry , nightclub entertainment and hotel stays .	the same by - election saw six complaints about aggressive party leaflet in last year 's election .
the 38 - year - old man may face charges in connection to a hit - and - run crash .	the man , 38 , has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg .	police say the man may have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol .
lavish apartments are worth between $1 .	3 million and $1 .	5 million by listing agents after last year 's bitter disappointment darren and dea are hoping they've created a sophisticated apartment that potential buyers will like the controversial pair made a return for ' triple threat ' after winning only $10 , 000 on the ' glasshouse ' auction .
alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ' jackie' , spoke out after he featured in the now - infamous feature a rape on campus , and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out .	rolling stone 's story said the magazine should be held accountable .
hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london , in addition to the gaudiness , the city , which was a place with dark staircases .	he was a catholic family , irish , the lodger , and the boy who would become one of the most distinguished directors .
the thunder 's captain and sam simon rescued the men from the ocean .	the vessel was fishing in the gabon coast of africa off the coast of sao paulo .	the thunder had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the thunder .
ho chi minh city , vietnam , has seen 400 per cent growth as far as multi - millionaires .	over the past 10 years , the percentage of multi - millionaire has grown by 71 per cent .	hong kong comes out on top with 15 , 400 residents .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in birmingham .	he hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister , darlene gardner .	his sistersobbed as she hugged her brother: ' thank you lord , thank you jesus .
adele berry , of reddish , greater manchester , said she was bombarded with texts from a vodafone call centre workers over a problem with her bill .	the 21 - year - old was stunned when the man later received a string of messages from the man .
abdel - kader russell - boumzar was granted bail in brisbane 's magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences .	the 17 - year - oldshot was granted bail in brisbane 's magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences .
the kitten , who has since been named sinbad , was discovered by puzzled staff at mediterranean linens in moreton - on - lugg , hereford .	they heard meows coming from inside the container , which was carrying laundry linen .	rspca was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight - month - old kitten .
journalist jonathan maitland said the public is ' ready ' for the play .	it will open in june , less than three years since the late comedian 's behaviour was exposed in a tv documentary .
jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the ' same charm ' .	the remake will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic show launched and landed in the world .
jeremy clarkson will not face prosecution over the incident .	the incident took place at a hotel in hawes , north yorkshire last month .	mr tymon said he did not want to press charges against mr clarkson .
kevin perz , 56 , a father - of - four , has been looking up the teachers .	he has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri .	over the past few years he has been mailing them a ' gift' .
he graduated from frank h morrell high , irvington , new jersey .	they were taken at the age of 18 , when he was , in his own words , just a jewish kid from newark , and before he had transformed himself , in every sense , into the figure lampooned on netflix show unbreakable kimmy schmidt .	the famed 65 - year - old doctor was found hanged in his miami home .
rita ora has unveiled her own festival - inspired range , rimmel: colourfest lip and nail collection .	rita partied with fashion designer , rita ora , for the beauty giant .	rita ora and rita ora are among the best celebrity stars .
the death of a 20 - month - old toddler is being treated as suspicious after he was rushed to coolah district hospital by emergency services where he was pronounced dead .	police have said that the child 's parents have been spoken to .
steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls . '	day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it , ' mccombs testified .	mccombs told the court that the next thing he knew , mccombs was attacking day .
71 - year - old richard curry , 71 , was diagnosed with cancer in his septum .	he had to have metal implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity .	he was told he would have to have his nose removed from spreading .
anglo - belgian entrepreneur anthony martin has invested a visit to the south of brussels in the town of wellington and belgium .	it is the first time since the anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
one lady was spotted cautiously approaching the edible artwork before quickly backing off , while another couldn't quite hide their smile of surprise .	the artwork , which has been given pride of place in the shopping mall 's atrium , was commissioned by uktv to mark celebrate its screening of the third series .
the project , launched last month , is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme and doubles the number of new starter homes in england from 100 , 000 to 200 , 000 .	the properties would be at prices 20 per cent cheaper than their market value and reserved purely for first - time buyers .
nicholas figueroa , 23 , and moises locon , 26 , were killed in the explosion last week .	the owner of the east village building collapsed last week after a massive explosion .	investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion , with suggestions someone may have been illegally tapped .
tanya heath - born designer tanya heath has lived and worked in paris for last 20 years .	the 44 - year - old revolutionised women 's footwear with hundreds of heel varieties that feature an interchangeable heels .
harrison muttered ' f*** that n**** ' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about kaminsky after kentucky lost 71 - 64 to the badgers saturday .	the sophomore 's comment came as a reporter asked kentucky 's karl - anthony towns about defending the 7 - foot kaminsky .	he muttered it with his hand in front of his mouth , but the mic picked up the comments .
lance corporal albert duffy had survived bomb blasts during a glittering military career which saw him complete three tours of war - ravaged afghanistan .	but after returning home to the uk , he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug - crazed keith anderson and left with severe brain damage .	the 28 - year - old thug ' bounced around , triumphantly like a boxer ' after the assaults .
andrew gettys , 32 , was found in a bathroom at his home on tuesday .	he was a grandson of john paul getty , once the world 's richest man .	the 47 - year - old grandson of the u.s. media has been opened in the death .
mindy kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother 's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an african american to get into medical school .	a representative for the comedienne told us weekly she has been estranged from vijay chokal - ingam ' for years ' and claimed she was not aware of his decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race .
the instinct could date back to early human evolution in africa .	spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago .	it could mean that arachnophobia is the most crippling of phobias .
kyhesha - leejoughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet .	her father matthew lee williamson and christopher arthur neville kent have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty .	kent , 46 , was granted bail .
documents released by the south american whistleblower claim britain was actively spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011 .	there have been no official response from britain or argentina to the claims , which were published by a group of british companies found oil and gas at the falklands .
sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 .	whitening has been unbearably painful at times , according to teresa james .	the 40 - year - old is the most professional at her table .
local government association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed .	two in five local authorities in england will have more children ready to start school than there are places .	this will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year .
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook a year and a half labor of love .	the result was a solar - powered two - bedroom , wood and steel home .
the woman had been left in the water clinging to the hull of their overturned trimaran in the english channel yesterday .	her partner had ensured she was safe , then tied a rope around himself , before diving under the vessel to locate the flare .	they were taken to the william harvey hospital by the rescue helicopter from raf watisham .
the ashton canal was turned into a giant ashton canal in manchester .	the environment agency has launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on water .	the water used by firefighters to dampen down the foam on a 30 metre stretch .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank in the freezing waters of the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia 's kamchatka peninsula .	63 crew members of the dalny vostok were rescued with the sea 's fishing seine .
the tories have accused labour of a crude new attempt to ' weaponise ' the nhs by orchestrating a letter from doctors claiming hospitals will not be ' harder to see a gp ' .	the figures were out of date .
andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january .	he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20 , but he died on sunday .	authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed .
chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , was last seen dressed as batman villain poison ivy at a halloween party on october 25 attended by around 800 people miss bruck , 22 , from maybee has not been seen since the early hours of october 26 , 2014 .	the costume included a leaf - covered top and dark purple wig .
jodie barden , 28 , is mother to eight - year - old ella and one - year - old chloe , who both suffer from cockayne syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12 .	cockayne syndrome is a rare genetic disorder , which is characterised by a failure to gain weight , premature ageing , an underdeveloped nervous system .
principal of a school in canberra has been suspended after it emerged a 10 - year - old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a canberra school .	the cage was specifically designed for him to as a ' withdrawal space ' while in class .
only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss .	the united states had the world 's highest percentage , at nearly 34 .	1% of their managers being women .
the china national tourism administration said they are to start tracking the actions of their citizens abroad .	the woman was enraged over sitting arrangements on a charter flight from bangkok to nanjing according to a string of reports .
denise and 27 - year - old , aged three and carson , were born three years ago .	glen , 27 , from the age of 18 , was born thanks to ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter .
hayley adams , 29 , of barnstaple , devon , was caught in a restraining order .	adams admitted to taking on 65 - year - olds in the room by his daughter angela wrenn .	ms wrenn , 56 , said he had been in a relationship with his daughter ms wrenn .	adams has been charged with three counts of theft .
the former secretary of state 's campaign - in - waiting has signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york .	the brooklyn heights neighborhood is among the most hipster - friendly of the clinton campaign .
a europe - wide survey of 19 , 000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick , and invested in employment schemes , the more likely its residents were to want a job .	in norway , almost 80 per cent of people wanted a job , by contrast in estonia , one of the least generous countries , only around 40 per cent did .
student expelled from george mason university for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name , arguing that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing , not sexual assault .	a hearing in the case is scheduled for friday in alexandria .	the ex - student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy .
pope francis spoke at st peter 's square after easter sunday mass at st peters 's square in st .	square in the vatican , he said christians are martyrs in the senses of the word .
the oscar nominated star is set to star in a new tv comedy about a morning news program .	couric will serve as an executive producer and the creator of the project .	the ladies are currently in talks with hbo , showtime , amc , netflix and amazon to pitch .
the motoring programme 's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside the stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet .	the 54 - year - old host was sacked from the bbc for an ' unprovoked ' attack on a top gear producer .
nicholas figueroa 's mother , ana , was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son , who was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city 's east village when he was killed .	she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church of the holy name of jesus in manhattan .
rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday .	his leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 .	the elephant was euthanized after he sustained a leg injury .
green party leader natalie bennett responded that it is ' ok for other adults but not for me ' .	the four were asked about what they would be worse than joining the opposition .
john howard , 66 , was a member of the non - profit organisation for 30 years .	he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ' i'm sorry ' to a former colleague as he left the dock at canterbury crown court .
new york borough of queens , new york , is the most popular tourist attraction .	it is a short time to see the sights of reykjavik and the new york national park .	the produce was a block of geysers , geysers and hotels .
students at highland oaks middle school in memphis , tennessee , said they had demonstrated an ' inappropriate use of electronic media' ' .	the increased use of mobile phones is a ' distraction ' to teaching .
researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported , often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould , which can affect our brains .	exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment .
kristi gordon , of british columbia 's news channel global bc , was joined by her fellow anchorsrobin stickley and squire joked: ' nowhere on north america tv have we seen a weather reader so gross as you ( sic ) .
labour will launch a billboard advert using an image from the famous unemployment office .	labour will release a new document that it will warn: the doctor cant see you now .	it will also claim 600 fewer gp surgeries are open in the evenings and weekends compared to the last election .
the driver , who has not been identified , was trapped in the car for more than four hours during the incident .	the incident occurred near the border of gila and yavapai counties .	the driver and one of the passengers managed to climb up to the car .
aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murdering odin lloyd , who was shot six times in the chest and back on june 17 , 2013 .	the defense team took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former new england patriots player of killing odin lloyd .
sydney psychologist surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had ' nice t**s ' during a consultation in the woman 's house on october 25 , 2012 .	the woman , who was having suicidal thoughts at the time , also claimed he called her ' a horny , ' and asked her to sing for him .
the 35 - year - old was a father - of - one who died at a sex party in hertfordshire .	he was pronounced dead at a ' swingers ' party in radlett , hertfordshire .	mr echukwu said he was ' devastated ' by his love of football .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle .	footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow .
tiffany sical , 21 , and her long - term boyfriend bryan rodriguez - solis , 23 , were driving along route 6 in providence , rhode island , on sunday after watching the box office hit on its opening weekend .	but they were killed when 24 - year - old joel norman reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head - on with their car .
dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19 - year - old samirria white after they started arguing over his ' infidelity ' in the bedroom of their st paul apartment at around 3 .	40am . now , harrell , who had ' trust issues ' with miss white after having two children by another woman , remains in custody in lieu of $200 , 000 bail .
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway between boulder and denver , but tow - truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars .	the storm left only 40 million people and 6 , 300 square miles of farmland in the colorado river .
the 2015 sydney royal easter show , which opened to the public last thursday 26 march the cowboy bag includes a toy sheriff 's hat , a vest and a red bandana , as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs .
ferme de montagne , suzanne dixon - hudson , suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital , pre - winter season , on business .	suzanne dixon , rory , [UNK] de montagnes , rory mcilroy and rory mcilroy .
more than 27 , 000 people signed a change .	com petition to be scrapped .	victoria 's secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled its campaign last year in a bra contest .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $10 million - up for grabs .	he stipulated that there must be no ' gagging or making any face ' .	sam 's father says he watches her struggling to chew the large morsel with $10 in her pocket .
baby malachi oliver was born in the courthouse on thursday morning as his mother - of - three said she had to pay a baby .	the baby malachi elkins , who was in the baby 's baby , was taken to hospital with her baby , and her baby malachi was born .
the illume arclighter creates a super high - intensity electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes .	instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , the illume has a rechargeable lithium - powered dock .
cardiff - based proton partners international ltd is to open the treatment centres , which will be available to nhs cancer patients , in cardiff , london and northumberland by 2017 .	the announcement comes just weeks after the parents of brain cancer sufferer ashya told of how he was given the ' all - clear ' after receiving proton bean therapy at a centre in prague .
airbus a319 was carrying 145 passengers and five crew members from hanover , germany to rome when it was diverted to stuttgart as the airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil , the airline said .	a passenger and a cabin crew member had to be flown to venice to pick up the passengers .
pete bennett , 33 , won the big brother 15 years ago in 2006 .	the 33 - year - old was given 100 , 000 of prize money for the last nine years .	seven of his friends have died from prize money .
landon carnie and his sister lorie were initially thought to have died with scores of other youngsters when they were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash .	the twins were brought up in the u.s. where they had been told they were dead .
phil blackwood was sentenced to two - and - a - half years with hard labour .	the 32 - year - old bar manager , who has dual new zealand , was found guilty of insulting religion .
us president barack obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with iran u.s. secretary of state .	he said the deal would curb iran 's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions .	the deal will be subject to iran to cheat .
prime minister said he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing .	he was said to have tried eating one sideways while at a basketball game with president obama .	the old etonian insists he will not change the way he speaks or behaves .
23 - year - old steven maurer , a romanian - born mother , was stabbed 44 times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his home in his home .	his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crime .
the body of raymond howell 's body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in mckinney , texas - around four miles from where he attended school atmckinney boyd high - on thursday .	friends say he died of a ' bullet wound ' and said he never would have taken his life .
more than half of those newly diagnosed with hiv in britain where their country of origin is known they born overseas .	nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with hiv .
documents were filed by two students who were expelled from the university at albany after trevor duffy , 19 , of the bronx died in november .	his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off - campus home .
the attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party - front ( dhkp - c )stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .	the woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol , it said .
chastain and gian luca passi de preposulo spent $5 .	1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3 .	5 bathrooms .	the building is located in new york city 's midtown neighborhood and not far from the building .
the 28 - year - old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest , police say .	police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack .	police have been charged with murder .
harrison ford 's character dr richard kimble escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train .	fans of the film will recognise the inside of the bus where the remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a tourist .
26 - year - old leila alavi was found stabbed to death in a car park in sydney 's west .	her ex - husband was found dead in a vehicle in an underground car park .	ms alavi was charged with murder and breaching an avo .
black residents say they have caught the noose in a tree in a plaza area .	the student was identified as a student in the plaza area at the heart of the school .	the university is working with state and federal officials .
the goat was captured by three policemen in paramus , new jersey .	it was captured in the middle of a roadway by three officers .	police are still working to find a owner of the goat .
the explosion originated in theddlethorpe , lincolnshire , because she was out walking her dogs at the time fire crews were called after a gas explosion .	the explosion ripped off two of the walls and left the rest of the house on the brink of collapse .
kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife ( vepaw ) , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers .	the organisation was founded by an ex - marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post - 9/11 .
periscope , twitter 's new iphone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online , launched a week ago today and early adapters have already discovered potentially hair - raising issues with the much talked - about technology .	despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app , which is being touted as a revolutionary new way to share news .
aprogrammerhas created these stunning graphs to reveal the dominant colour of artworks through history they show orange has always been the most popular colour .	the software extracts the relevant colour information from images and artworks found .
police continued to look for anjelica ' aj ' hadsell , 18 , who has been missing since march 2 , and focused on a pond near carrsville after a new tip .	local resident steve hines said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the longwood university freshman 's phone .
scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after ' highly promising results ' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses .	vaccine , developed in canada , is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus ( vsv ) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the ebola virus .
a chain of beacons will be held in london from may 8 to 10 as part of commemorations marking the 70th anniversary .	the queen , then princess margaret , appeared on the balcony of buckingham palace in 1995 .
rapper , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared in palm beach county court on thursday .	he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1 , 333 to the estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture and pool equipment from the $1million home .
david hyche came up with the device when his four - month - old daughter turned blind nine years ago .	the father has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for deaf and blind .
lib dem leader nick clegg says it would be a ' messy ' way to run the country .	he said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not ' going to work ' .	mr sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent of the lib dems .
colin barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for mh370 a year - long search for mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year .	the search teams have not been successful in march 8 , and the premier for western beijing .
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip .	they were finally rescued by theindonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching .
seven times six equals , labours shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause .	mr balls said: the answer is 42 , before adding: it 's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions , so that 's the last one i'm going to answer .
colin turnbull , 69 , was found in a ' compromised position ' by the school .	the 69 - year - old teacher was allowed to ' leave by the back door ' .	the school was said to be packed with pupils and parents .
the superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and puerto rico .	sometimes antibiotics are prescribed , especially for more serious cases .	cdc director tom frieden said the spike in outbreaks show a ' troubling trend ' in shigella infections .
the prickly australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea off rye beach , a popular surfing and fishing spot on victoria 's mornington peninsula the video of the swimming echidna , which looks to be happily using its ant - eating snout as a snorkel , posted online by youtube user emma b .
asylum seekers and refugees will not be required to be allowed to have their criminal checks .	they will not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver .	the asylum seekers are exempt from criminal records .
the letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300 , 000 to $600 , 000 .	the 68 - year - old purchased the 10 - feet - tall letters for an undisclosed amount .
boiled - time actor was going through customs to board his easyjet flight , when airport staff discovered he had six 1 .	80tubs of the traditional pudding and north east delicacy in his hand luggage .	the boiled - legume dish was removed from his bags , along with several greggs pies .	the boiled - legume dish was removed from his bags , along with several greggs pies .
prime minister 's wife defected from the tories last year .	the prime minister is due to go head - to - head in a seven - way debate .	he is expected to make a series of more stridently political interventions .
speculation has not abated since a producer known as naughty boy - real name shahid khan - posted a clip ( which has now been removed ) , of what was thought to have been the 22 - year - old 's first single .	indeed , the track , sent both one direction fans and one of zayn 's former band mates into turmoil .
annabel rice has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery .	the bra was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have .
35 crew members have been rescued from a sinking ship .	the poaching vessel thunder was trailed for more than 100 days before it was held in life rafts .	the captain of the thunder ship has been very successful in exposing the operations of the vessel .
barronelle stutzman 's refusal to cater a same - sex wedding violated washington 's anti - discrimination laws .	the owner said the ruling is a reminder of the reach of washington 's campaign and consumer protection laws .
becky watts , 16 , went missing from her bristol home in february and her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later .	inquest into her death has been charged in connection with her death .
there will be more muslims than christians in the world in less than sixty years .	the number of atheists will increase at more than double the rate of the world 's population , which is expected to take place in the next four decades .
married mother - of - two ran debenhams , jaeger and aquascutum before she won the make - and - break style director role at m&s in september 2012 .	mrs earl is also the woman behind the retailer 's brown suede skirt - out this month - which is being turned off .
yahya rashid , 19 , of willesden , north west london , is due to appear at westminster magistrates ' court today .	officers from the mps counter terrorism command arrested rashid at luton airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the terrorism act 2006 .
japanese and californian seismologists first suggested ocean waves may cause this constant hum in 2004 .	researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role in the ocean 's floor to create the hum .
ralph vaughan williams 's work topped the classic fm hall of fame after listeners cast more than 200 , 000 votes .	it topped the poll last year as welland four years ago was named the nation 's favourite desert island discs tune .	british composer vaughan williams was inspired by a poem of the same name by george meredith .
new jersey police lieutenant who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a starbucks says his post - traumatic stress disorder is to blame .	a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police facebook page led to the 17 - year camden police veteran 's arrest - - the photo has since been deleted and is now being used as evidence , thecourier - postreports .
the florida court heard how bryan santana was living out some kind of sick fantasy when he removed all the lightbulbs of the orlando home he shared with shelby fazio , 23 , before waiting for the young woman to return , killing her and then abusing her body in october last year .	jurors were told santana first choked fazio in a headlock before wrapping a belt around her neck and stabbing her with a hunting knife .
simon mitchell , 44 , stole from donna 's dream house , a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool , lancashire .	he pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at the charity charity .
matthew leeke , 20 , hit his head in the head with a bottle in his head .	he had been out with friends and said he was arguing with his wife .	the judge said the trio were ' arguing ' with the three males .
becky schoenig of st .	louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home .	then , on april 1 , schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as schoenig 's and would be returning it to her .
janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , west sussex .	the 21 - year - old was discovered dead in the boot of a burning car .	police have now released video stills and footage of her .
steven howie , a joiner , punched , kicked and kneed her in a brutal assault .	the 28 - year - old beat her over an hour in the room at a lonely inn on new year 's eve .	howie murray left his girlfriend with blood on his t - shirt , court heard .
pope francis asked for ' tangible help ' from communities all over the world for christians persecuted because of their faith .	he urged the international community not to ' look the other way' .
the 88 - year - old will have to travel to balmoral in scotland for three months of the year .	the queen 's personal chef to the queen has revealed some of her favourite foods .
kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80 - year - old victim was forced to borrow money from his children .	he was jailed for four years at warwick crown court .
jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday .	footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49 - year - old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane .
hayleigh hayleigh , april fools ' day prank , was given a taste of her own medicine .	the girl from elgin in moray , scotland , was retweeted more than 12 , 000 times .
the ultra - sporty honda civic concept car is presented at the new york international motor show .	the car will be exporting the five - floor hatchback version of the new civic line - up .
twins in the world have spent a year researching twins for their new dna .	they are believed to be the product of human intercourse with the gods .	the glove provided dna evidence traced to identical twins .
underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets .	they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls .
eight - strong team have transformed more than 30 telephone booths in beijing into a representation of baymax , who has attracted a cult following in the country .	the 28 - year - old said they wanted to raise a smile with stressed - out beijing residents .
former police chief of the bordering towns of colorado city , arizona , and hildale , utah , says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind .	his account comes amid reports that jeffs continues to direct the fundamentalist church of latter - day saints despite being in prison formarrying and raping two 12 - year - old girls .
theodosia aresti , 71 , moved into a new - build flat in london five years ago .	the toilet was overflowing with raw sewage pouring into her flat .	but she was one of the first to come to her grandmother 's aid .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his easter feast challenge to diners with a easter feast .	the easter feast breakfast is available at the black feast breakfast in manchester 's northern feast .
the incident was the second one of the day for dublin airport , after two ryanair planes collided with each other on the ground at the same airport .	it was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency .
the first hour - long tour through the nga 's current exhibition , ' james turrell: a retrospective' , took place on wednesday night , in a no - frills approach to art led bymelbourne - based artist stuart ringholt . '	everyone 's all in it together , so it 's not weird or anything , ' said one man told the abc .
the sale is a record amount for the bathing boxes in brighton since they were first constructed in 1862 .	the winning bidder paid $150 , 000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history , on saturday .	in sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home .
the high court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high - security jails .	the policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber michael wheatley - nicknamed the skull cracker walked out of an open jail in may while on day release .
michael bloomberg , 73 , is ' considering ' the move , and has the backing of senior officials in britain 's conservative party .	he is reportedly considering standing for johnson 's job in 2016 bloomberg has significant business interests .
the sickly sweet dessert contains an astonishing 5 , 000 calories - is on sale at the wicked waffle in north end , portsmouth , for 25 .	however , for customers who can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes , with no toilet breaks , they are awarded the meal for free and a winners ' t - shirt .
nine - day trip crossed 15 states and the district of san francisco in the first leg - to - coast trip to new york .	nearly 3 , 400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in the audi .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his ex - girlfriend with abusive messages over the internet .	the 42 - year - old was jailed for 12 weeks and had previously been found guilty of harassment and panic attacks .	the victim 's language was absolutely disgusting .
kathleen blomberg , a resident at the apartment , is still under a full - vacate order .	the explosion has been reunited with her two cats , kitty cordelia and sebastian two .	two people died and 22 were injured in last week 's gas explosion in the area .
three - legged cat was mauled to death by two dogs in a brutal attack .	police are investigating the cat 's owner , who passed the cat to die in agony .	the 90 - second attack was captured on cctv .
remington ' remi ' walden , four , was killed three years ago .	four - year - old remi walden was 1 per cent at the fault for the crash .	jurors in decatur county , georgia ruled on thursday that the waldens acted with reckless disregard for human life .
cheryl howe , 32 , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at the age of 12 .	she has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs .	the 32 - year - old suffers from excessive hair growth .
edward nudel , a new york man , was arrested last month after allegedly strangling a relative 's dog , he called the relative and said ' i kill lola ' .	nudel , 41 , was taken to the aspca for a slew of assault and aggravated cruelty to the dog .
dr . dr . dr hanson revealed that a ' human molecule ' might have been a key part of chemical reactions .	it is possible to create a nugget of life - out of the human body at birth .	97% of the mass .
home secretary theresa may said that police will have to record anti - muslim hate crimes in the uk .	mrs may said the ' anti - semitic ' crimes are ' islamophobic ' and ' race ' .	the home office does not record islamophobic crimes in britain .
anti - islam and anti - racism activists clash around the country .	it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti - muslims . '	it 's not a , ' one said .
the 62 - year - old was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband tom shot dead .	she was given life in prison for murder of her husband tom nevin in 1996 .
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights .	this is the latest cost - saving travel trend , with each night costing an average of $30 .	homecamp has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation .
yougov found 28 per cent thought she was the best performer for most people outside scotland .	judy murray said: ' gsm sturgeon ( game , set and match ) ' will have been first minister .
kenneth colley , a senior producer , grabbed his crotch and kissed his former colleague ken lombardi at a 2013 work christmas party .	he also claims he was forced to leave his job as a result .
daniel buccheri , 25 , started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard .	he sang of his love for his brother and his new wife sarah at their march 29 wedding in the melbourne .
the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond , a transgender woman .	prison officials must treat an inmate 's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition .
olsi beheluli , 24 , was jailed for a total of 31 years at blackfriars crown court .	he tried to claim it was a member of a gang responsible for selling ' significant quantities ' of class a drugs .
labour leader finished speaking , fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ' sexy grey tie ' and his smouldering looks .	one fan even likened miliband to hansel , a character from modelling comedy zoolander , tweeting: ' ed miliband really is hot .
lyndey , lyndey milan , has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 .	the home cook is guaranteed to be a crowd - pleaser .
carla zampatti 's ss15 - 16 collection made a splash at sydney 's opera house today to mark the brand 's 50th anniversary of the designer 's 50 years in fashion .	it is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the eighties .
australian choreographer wade robson claims jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child .	he claims jackson molested him more than a year after jackson 's 2009 death .	lawyers say the king of pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims .
collection from rick baker 's 30 - year - old joe will be listed at $8 , 000 .	will be valued at $10 , 000 and is one of a handful of props .
neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised past ligue 1 giants paris saint - germain at the nou camp .	the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain .	rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash .
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills they want the uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .	nut general secretary christine blower said many children are not ready for the ' formal sitting down ' and ' come on let 's do some work stage' .
jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs .	while on camera , the youngstereloquentlyrecalled what happened with arm actions and wide - eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .	jayden 's father , skeeter , was unable to get back on the theme park ride which injured him again one day .
tyler kost has been in jail for over a year since a group of teenage girls accused of sexually assaulting several girls .	the prosecution handed over 98 , 000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims .	the 19 - year - old appeared in court on monday .
jamal al - labani was in yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple 's two - and - a - half - year - old daughter .	alazzani was trying to get his family out of the war - torn middle eastern nation and take them to oakland - but he couldn't because the us has shut down most airports .
hosts savannah guthrie and carson daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie grease .	wearing a blonde wig and a pink jacket , carson took on the role of olivia newton - johns character sandy , while savannah , in a leather jacket and sunglasses .	the duo went head to head with al roker , willie geist and natalie morales , who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of australian singer sias chandelier .
eight animals are dead , including at least one alligator that once belonged to michael schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo .	the fire was spread across the u.s. in the area .
kfc has come under fire for hiring a food stylist in a bid to change its image .	kfc has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year , and a billion dollar .
david cameron will say that high taxes are ' immoral ' as 14 million working households receive a tax cut .	as 14million working households more than nine in ten are given an average boost of 200 a year to their incomes , the prime minister will set out the conservative case for people keeping more of their own money .
faris al - khori , 62 , pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 explosive substances act after a fire at a block of flats in the muirhouse area of edinburgh .	the 62 - year - old has been jailed for three years and four months in prison .
above , troops walk across the island in 1982 , leading to a conflict that could be worth billions of pounds .	defence secretary michael fallon warned of ' very live threat ' from argentina .
dj vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas .	the move proved an instant success as the $88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range .
the simnel cake was left out of the freezer and it melted .	but now he 's back with his modern take on the fruit - based cake .	the recipe was packed with moist fruit and nutmeg .
ile lout is set1148 ft from the shore in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany , france .	groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning views on the island that used to guide safety through the island .
latoya tilson , 33 , has been arrested after allegedly firing into a crowd of people outside an apartment complex in a bid to break up a fight - only for the bullet to hit and kill her teenage son .	pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister , 13 , from the other boy .
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot .	the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating .	tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons , six - year - old javier , as well as tillero 's mother , olga tillero .
rutgers university has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in new brunswick , new jersey , for the rest of the spring semester after several alcohol - related problems this school year , including the death of a student .	the university 's 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events where third - party vendors serve alcohol .
new survey by ripley 's believe it or not!	david beckham voted to be the number one celebrity figure brits would love to have as a family .	david beckham was voted number one choice for dad perhaps surprisingly , second .
the towers , costing the polish government 2 .	5million , will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the border between poland and poland .	moscow is set to place state - of - the - art iskander missiles in the border .
the chick - like sun spots range hugely in size , from just 10 miles ( 16km ) to 100 , 000 miles ( 160 , 000km ) wide - big enough to be seen from earth without a telescope .	mr ewen , 57 , set up the observatory shed at the bottom of the garden .
vietnamese labourer pham lanh lanh , 28 , saved him from a maggot plate .	the maggots were caused by a potentially lethal infection .	the infestation caused his head to a fatal infection .	doctors say the maggots had been removed .
kim ki - jong , 55 , was also indicted wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the seoul central district prosecutors ' office , who did not want to be named , citing department rules .	the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards .
francis has been told to cut down on the pasta by doctors that he must lose weight , it has been reported .	the 78 - year - old is concerned about the sedentary lifestyle .
hugh roche kelly posted the account on his twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the ' tense vibe ' by his actions .	data from the second black box recorder on germanwings flight 4u9525 today confirmed co - pilot andreas lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain into the french alps , killing 150 people .
bayern munich beat shakhtar donetsk 2 - 1 in the first leg of the champions league on tuesday .	pep guardiola 's side have scored so far this season for the first time in the last four of the match .	bayern munich and bayern munich were all in the second half of the season .
louis jordan , 37 , claimed to have survived for 66 days on his own boat .	he was rescued 200 miles off the coast of the north carolina coast .	he said he survived for more than two months on his stricken bank .
four million square foot motiongate dubai is set to attract more than three million tourists annually .	the hunger games theme parks will be open for fans less than a year later .	the wizarding world is the first of its kind in the world .
the 74 - year - old died after being run over by her sister 's car in a tesco car park .	her sister , 70 , was about to buy a pay and display ticket .
andy jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer .	following the lead of ollie proudlock and all of the show 's ladies , andy has launched his very own line of surf - inspired city wear called jam industries .
barcelona beat barcelona 2 - 0 in the champions league semi - finals .	lionel messi and neymar 's first - half brace ensured barcelona beat psg .	murray is currently in barcelona as he trains on clay courts .
gary kroeger says he is running for congress in the 40th anniversary of snl .	he says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as " investing in education , " he says .	the 57 - year - old and his son mingled with stars like julia louis - dreyfus .	kroeger was a cast member on snl from 1982 to 1985 .
rachel jaajaa , 22 , and aaron tate , 29 , were found on the floor of a mcdonald 's in elyria , ohio , on friday night .	they were both arrested and charged with child endangering after a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was .
the sokaze - ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10 - inch ( 25cm ) device .	the q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow , and is available in crystal red , champagne .
department of public safety trooper billy clevenger was disciplined last week for posing with snoop at the rapper 's request .	he is based out of the state 's gilmer office , posed for the photo .	bosses called snoop a figure who has a ' criminal background including numerous drug [UNK] .
jamie silvonek , 54 , was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her upper macungie township home early march 15 , hours after taking jamie silvonek and the eighth - grader 's boyfriend , army spc .	caleb barnes , to a concert , according to court documents .	waldron said he believes his client was under barnes ' control , given the age disparity .
yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace on the same day al - qaeda in the arabian peninsula .	two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes in the city of the south and east .
john terry led jose mourinho 's side to a 0 - 0 draw against arsenal on sunday .	the 34 - year - old is the best defender to have played in the premier league .	jamie carragher believes terry is the ' best jt ' defender .
one man has taken the art of the creative excuse to a new level and claimed his sexually transmitted disease was the result of car exhaust rather than cheating , according to his ex .	33 - year - old stuart , had , said ex - girlfriend sophie , offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating after discovering that she had mysteriously contracted chlamydia .
neil bantleman , who also holds british nationality , was found guilty of abusing three young boys at the jakarta intercultural school in jakarta .	he was convicted of abusing the children in jakarta , indonesia .
jayla currie from berne , indiana , is a part of the wee ones nurseryprogram at the indiana womens prison , a system that was established in 2008 and allows mothers , like jayla , to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences .
jasmine midgley , 39 , was born with a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma .	her parents tanja and steven were warned she may not survive in the days after her birth , her life - threatening problem was cutting off her air supply .
david cameron said he wanted to double the number of people buying their first home using government help - to - by schemes .	since 2010 there have been 1 .	2 million first - time purchases and mr osborne wants at least 2 .	4 million .
knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed because i know how a wrongful conviction can destroy ones life .	the american , known as foxy knoxy , and former boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21 - year - old exchange student .	a third man rudy guede is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder .
the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views .	but the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en - suite bedroom .
eva mozes - fahidi lost her parents and sister , told the lueneburg state court today that seeing former ss officer oskar groening in court is ' a kind of satisfaction ' .	the 89 - year - old says she could never have imagined she would be testifying before a german court and that ' for me it 's not about the punishment' .
former barcelona and brazil forward ronaldinho marked a late cameo in queretaro 's surprise 4 - 0 thumping of club america with a brace .	the 2002 world cup winner came on as the game approached full - time but still struck in the 85th and 90th minutes following earlier goals from yasser corona .	monterrey moved up to fourth in the clausura after eventually easing to a 3 - 0 home victory over monterrey .
cara newton , who was diagnosed with bone cancer , was diagnosed in 2009 .	she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with a bone cancer .	she was replaced with baby sebastian in april 2009 .
james weld stumped up 15 , 000 to bring an end to a three year stand - off with natural england over who was responsible for the coastal path down to the dorset jurassic coast .	the iconic rock archway and the lulworth cove are part of the weld family 's coastal paths .
around 100 , 000 pupils a year do not read , write and add up .	tests will be slimmed down in the first year of secondary school .	david cameron to announce that all children will be allowed to take them .
cost of one night 's stay and room service in sofia , london , is more than four times cheaper than at the costliest destination examined , new york .	the cost of a four - star hotel , a club sandwich in zurich , is home to the world 's most expensive .
martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite .	tribunal ruled that he had been employed on zero - hours contracts .	he claims he was sacked by the union after complaining he was using a zero - hour contracts .
francesca weatherhead , 27 , was sentenced to 20 - 45 years in jail for second - degree murder in the death of her death .	he was released just months after he struck her car and killed her on october 6 last year .	mrs weatherhead , a mother of her husband , sentenced him to at least 20 years in prison .
sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night .	so much so , they're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions .	this is an area known as the umbra , where light from the sun is blocked by our planet .
nicola sturgeon , making her a tricky opponent for cameron to stand next to his aprs - paxman mode , david cameron .	he was looking serious and choreographed as a torville and dean routine .	cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second - degree murder in the death of garnett - paul spears at a suburban new york hospital .	the new york judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ' unfathomable in its cruelty .
the car was in the tracks at a railroad crossing in the 32 - year - old suv .	the train was ignited by the daughters of the mercedes suv .	her car was the deadliest accident in the danger of the crash .
hannah campbell defied the odds to have a miracle baby after twice nearly dying from a mystery illness since the birth .	miss campbell suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit the building in basra and as she struggled to recover , her relationship broke down with long - term partner and lexi - rivers father anthony mcmorrow .
actor aidan turner has admitted to using baby oil to show off his chest hair .	the actor has confessed that he 's done away with his natural rug in the hit bbc series .
nicola sturgeon was hailed as the shock winner of the tv debate by one poll , inflicting a damaging blow to ed miliband 's election hopes comres put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister , with mr miliband on 28 per cent .	last night a national voting intention poll by yougov put the conservatives ahead of their vote share at the last election .
robert dellinger , 54 , was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median and smashed into an suv carrying 24 - year - old amanda dellinger , who was 8 months pregnant .	his mother , tammy langlois , and timmons , were accused of being ' heartless ' by the families of murphy and timmons .	dellinger was a senior vice president and chief .
61 per cent of us adults have admitted that they don't extend invitations to friends and family because of their [UNK] .	more than half of americans have admitted to ending invitations to their home .
josh mason is standing in lib dem - held redcar , said his own party leader nick clegg was ' not the most popular ' but is currently held by the lib dems , would not ' do us any favours' .
the 28 minute film was filmed on board the epping ongar historic railway in south - west essex .	locals were shocked to learn the location , a favourite with families and children , had been rented out by the setting for the site .
new diet could more than halve a person 's risk of developing alzheimer 's disease , according to new research .	experts said the diet , known by the acronym mind , could reduce the risk of the illness even if it not meticulously followed .
benjamin netanyahu said the deal will ' increase iran 's aggression and terrorists ' .	the deal would legitimise irans illegal nuclear programme in the middle east and beyond , the prime minister said .
the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance .	the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink , healthcare and the defence sector .
harry will deploy to australia next week and will begin with a visit to turkey next week .	the prince is due to pay his respects to the fallen straight to the australian armed forces in the australian war memorial .	harry will pay tribute to the adf for the next four weeks .
emma jackson , 28 , was subjected to vile verbal abuse and was stalked by her neighbour now ms jackson has been forced to move home because of mr ray but says she lives in terror of him discovering her new address .	ms jackson 's ordeal began less than a week after moving into her ground floor flat .
purvi patel , a 33 - year - old woman , was jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent on the internet .	she told the medical staff that she gave birth to a stillborn and disposed of her body in a dumpster .
the 210 - caloriepretzel roll chicken sandwich contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt healthy ?	the roll also contains 1 , 560mg of sale , which is equal to 380 calories and 890mg of saturated fats .
bacall , one of hollywood 's roses , died from cancer in august aged 89 .	she died from throat cancer in 1957 , which is also on the market for $118 , 000 .
jasper and jasmine will be ' married ' in may to raise money for pug rescue and adoption victoria .	the couple were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems .	both were morbidly obese and struggling to breathe .
the 51 - year - old had to leave her job as a barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries she suffered when he was hit by a yellow taxi in may last year .	the mother - of - two was fined 400 pounds and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage .
mario balotelli will miss next week 's second leg against real madrid .	marcelo and mario suarez were booked for the 0 - 0 draw at the vicente calderon .	atletico have several players who can fill in for suarez .
andy mcilvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his 30 - year - old girlfriend kelley mulfinger when he got talking to a group of southwest employees .	touched by his story , they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift .
high school students are being forced to eat their lunch together at a local street vendor near the school premises .	the students ' only option is to leave school grounds to make their way back to class .
the 25 - year - old paraded as a prominent backer of mr miliband hours after she signed a high - profile letter calling for a labour government signed by people from all walks of life .	but the plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 ' working people ' supporting him .
paul ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle .	his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him .	the judge 's lawyer said facebook and zuckerberg were ' continue to fight for 50 percent of the social media ' .	the case ignores zuckerberg 's request to proceed .
41 - year - old mother - of - two is part of a national expert in the art of the council .	she is a member of the placenta of the strange foodstuff , and one ipen .
derby defender farrend rawson played 90 minutes in the millers ' 1 - 0 win and boss steve evans claimed after the game that the derby man 's youth loan had been extended until the end of the season .	but rawson was not involved in rotherham 's 2 - 0 defeat at middlesbrough on saturday .
the state 's largest teacher 's union is calling him out for his ' bullying ' behavior .	the new jersey state has asked for $8 .	9billion from the oil company , but not before being cut off by the governor .	christie settled the union for their role in the current pension system .
zhou yongkang , 72 , is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets .	he is likely to be found guilty of the murder of neil zhou 's wife neil heywood .	he was accused of a ' gang of four ' over the death .
50 - year - old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek , north - west of brisbane , about 7 .	30pm on monday .	police say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex - partner , were in the home .
ahmed al - sistani said the fighters had burnt ' hundreds of houses ' in the last two days .	prime minister haider al - abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in tikrit .
nsw traffic and highway patrol command shared the image on their facebook page .	the incident occurred on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney .	it is a regular occurrence .
more than 60 per cent of the uk have now been paved over and the rhs is calling for people to plant hedges , trees and flowers to turn the uk green again - as a green garden is said to boost people 's mood .
kadeem brown , 25 , was killed at a bus stop when she was hit by a cab .	he died at the scene in the new york city , new york , and the 44 - year - old man died in the crash .	police say the man , who was killed and killed in the ground .
charles kane of spencerport , new york had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship .	he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer .
27 - year - old jesse roepcke , 27 , from summerfield , was arrested in ormond beach .	police found that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside .	roepcke was ordered to be held in jail on $4 , 250 .
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson of port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process .	according to a lawsuit seen by the atlanta constitution journal , the pair were told their donor hadan iq of 160 , a masters degree in artificial intelligence .
mohammad liaqat was found guilty of assault and five counts of racial abuse at mount carmel school in accrington , lancashire .	liaqat was told to stay away from the school , so went to another school nearby where he continued his rant .	he was asked to keep their facial hair for religious reasons .
the icefin was deployed ( and retrieved ) the vehicle through a 12 - inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor .	the robotic vehicle carried a scientific robo - explorer to borrow into the search for life on the continent .
kayla mooney , a 24 - year - old high school science teacher , was arrested for allegedly having sex with a student .	she was arrested after a seven - week police investigation .
the gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during the past five years .	critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer by failing to train and promote them or give them decent annual pay rises .
number of gps from abroad is up by 11 per cent in a decade as the nhs tries to combat a shortage of staff .	the nhs employs 40 , 584 gps , of whom 8 , 941 are from overseas .
jan hansen , 59 , will sell off to raise 1 , 000 from the sale of the egg .	the iron frame was wrapped in grease proof paper and cling film .	the egg is to be cracked using a hammer before it is sold off to punters .
' blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s. , canada and australia .	the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons .
researchers creates a model ' hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial - and say early treatment is key to staving off aids .	uk government follows , recommend only beginning hiv treatment when the number of t - cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level .
over the past five years , airline passengers have left behind more than $2 .	7 million in quarters and dimes .	the tsa was allowed to keep $675 , 000 in spare change .
nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life - time bans .	referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between south sydney and canterbury ended in controversy .	greenberg , who spent five years in charge of canterbury , said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found .
demarco , demarco , was arrested on friday at 2 .	45pm in elmwood park , new jersey .	demarco , 28 , looked suspicious as they found him in possession of a bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia , police said .	demarco was also charged with being under the influence of a crack cocaine .
in a letter to the daily mail , 80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy - style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children .	but they say labour and some senior schools appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls .
colin mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on friday night at the fast food restaurant in coolalinga near darwin .	police duty superintendent louise jorgensen says officers were called to the mcdonalds about 7 .	15pm following reports of a ' violent disturbance' .
joe penna and animator jeff schweikart took between three - to - four days to complete the project with the help of schweikart , the pair produce arguably the greatest love story ever told between a pair of robots with a lot of rubiks cubes .
brayden travis , 15 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend 's home in st charles county , missouri in early march .	he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage .	his mother said he will likely remain in a vegetative state , his mother says .
pro - skinny models will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over 7 , 000 .	deputies in france voted through the amendment to a law on the internet' .
many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two - and - a - half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $50 an hour as a casual .	the australian chamber of commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns and call on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates .
pat ingles , 69 , says she loves to dress up in kinky ' kinky ' outfits .	she says she is happy to show off her body in a number of ' kinky outfits ' .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner atpuckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday .	however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand .
fashion retailers offer their own make - up ranges as well as clothing from marks and spencer to primark .	claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test .	it has a good amount of silicone , so slides on ?
more than 200 yazidis have been held in the islamic state since last year .	the freed yazidis were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment .	the yazidis are said to be in poor health and neglect .
pictures taken by photographer scott gable , 39 , who spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate - rich food .	the crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in asia .
the 18 - year - old has been accepted by every single one - including all eight ivy league schools .	the high school senior moved from nigeria to long island 10 years ago with his parents .
tarrant county district attorney has kept her daughter out of school for eight days .	the boy 's parents maintained the incident as a ' horror story ' and ' it 's despicable ' .	the eighth grade boy was removed from the school in the school .
jamyra gallmon , of washington d .	c . has been charged with first - degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30 - year - old david messerschmitt .	police had released surveillance video of a ' person of interest ' who was seen entering the donovan hotel shortly after messerschmitt texted his wife kim vuong at 7 .	45pm to tell her he would be home in an hour .
the 26 - year - old is best known for her 12 - week exercise program , ashy bines bikini body challenge .	she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child .	ms bines , who is from the gold coast , has been bullied by the online trolls .
direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim , despite repeated requests for their details .
china , south korea and japan have all banned new charter flights of thai carriers after an audit by the un 's international civil aviation organization ( icao ) reported that it found ' significant safety concerns ' with the country 's aviation safety to thailand 's department of civil aviation .
boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race .	it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the charles river , and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street .
donna hussey , 32 , has been branded a ' bad mum ' by trolls who blame her .	freddie hussey was hit by a trailer which cameoffa land rover driven by tony davies .	mrs hussey said she was ' bad [UNK] .
locations in ceredigion , ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit .	locations in cardiff and pembrokeshire have been used to have an ulterior motive' .
altamura man - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 , suggest he was 128 , 000 to 187 , 000 years old .	researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors .
new zealand zoo is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the depths of a lion 's den during feeding time , if they dare .	orana wildlife park in new zealand 's christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat .
joseph getty , 26 , pleaded guilty to drink - driving and received a 20 - month ban as well as a fine of 1 , 000 .	westminster magistrates ' court heard getty had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath .
john noble , 53 , shot himself in the head while waiting in a review - journal on monday .	he said he was going to kill himself because he lost his free pass to the m resort .	included in the detailed package was a two hour dvd in a two - hour dvd .
ukip put tories on course to win a maximum of five seats in the seat .	ukip mep patrick farage has said the party would carry on if nigel farage fails to win the ukip .
bryan santana of orlando , florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate shelby fazio .	he is accused of killingshelbyfazio and her dog last october .	jurors also heard the after allegedly wrapping a belt around fazio 's neck and stabbing her in the throat with a pen , santana then reportedly had sex with her corpse , killed and mutilated her dog .
the pictures were shot prout in an impromptu dark room on board his he was commissioned to capture images of the houses of parliament and windsor castle .	the images were taken from the banks of the thames: from the from its rise to the river .
dozens of workers were treated roughly by police during protests over pay and conditions at their sweatshop factory .	at the end of a peaceful three - day protest , whistles and topshop announced investigations .
ephedra foeminea , the plant waits for the full moon to ' bloom ' and is the only plant species so far thats known to behave in this way .	the non - flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects .
the university of sydney 's commercial arm , sydney learning , has run the pilot of a 17 - week bridging diploma in sydney 's sydney 's most expensive sydney private school .	tuition , sport and curricula fees for scot 's college , one of the college 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $30 , 000 .
peter thurston , 80 , from kent , has been spotted on the river swale in kent .	he started building the caravan boat to take his mind off his recent divorce .	the catamavan cruises up and down the same stretch of river swale , kent .
uk has now met the controversial target to spend 0 .	7 per cent of national income on overseas aid .	the uk is now the second largest aid donor in the world .	spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra 1billion over the next two years .
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean - up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .	but the hse denied tightening rules and said councils were over - interpreting legislation .
drug company novartis has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a cheap , safe and effective treatment for sight loss on the nhs .	it has bullied experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness .
alexandra wong , 46 , shared the news with her 100 , 000 followers on tuesday morning .	it is the second child for the long - term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter alexandra in 2011 .
dejan stojkovic , an associate professor of physics at the university at buffalo .	one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within .	for nearly 40 years , physicists have argued that black holes have struggled to show , mathematically , how this happens .
elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of first group buses so passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam .	the crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 and earned ringleader john smith 45 , from connah 's quay , north wales , 159 , 000 .
the 5 , 300 - ton hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months .	defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash .
the world 's largest atom - smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the higgs boson - but scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe .	physicists at cern , the geneva - based organisation which runs the lhc , are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the device .
celebrities with a home cinema include george beckham , benedict cumberbatch , david clooney and robbie williams .	george clooney has recently purchased a 10million manor house with his barrister wife amal on the thames in sonning , holland .
julian assange 's father has sold his eccentric and colourful home for $1 .	42 million after a shaky start on the market .	john shipton 's uniquely designed two - bedroom home at 36 kent street , newtown in sydneys inner west .	however the founder of the wikileaks party , whose son is still seeking refuge in londons ecuadorean embassy .
managers from the london ambulance service , the largest in the nhs , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne .	they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies , a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours .	hospital managers have been flying out to spain and portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time .
etienne gould nunan was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed .	his mother , carman gould , praised medical staff for taking care of his son who came into the world not breathing , with a collapsed lung .
nicola sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to at least 160 a week .	parts of scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the uk .	it is currently 113 speaking on a visit to a hung parliament .
the new york post reported in addition to being stripped of his badge , detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force . '	no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' nypd police chief bill bratton said .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger .	he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed on thursday: ' a deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of israel .
some 35 , 000 gathered on the white house south lawn for the 137th annual easter egg roll on the south lawn of the president 's annual event in the south .	obama 's campaign to try to get young people to be more .
pick - up truck crashed into a line of trees near markfield , leicestershire .	the 51 - year - old was returning home with his wife from a ' make - or - break ' week away in north yorkshire .
the disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation byduke university and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree .	police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a .	m . wednesdayon the bryan center plaza in durham , north carolina .
the quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty .	the move is expected to drive a spike in production .
42 - year - old filmed completing the climb in the cairngorm , scotland , using just his hands and feet for support edging towards the top: .	the 42 - year - old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years , is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit .
32 - year - old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco .	this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2 .	8million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling .
statue of hometown icon lucile ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years .	the town unveiled a statue of ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror .	the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ' we love lucy!	</s> get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al - qaeda in the governor 's palace .	he was released from prison by terrorists in the city of mukalla , yemen .	two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates .
celebrities including halle berry , gwen stefani , cindy crawford and naomi campbell .	chris martin , chris stefani and rachel bilson spotted wearing her bikini top .	celebrities such as naomi campbell and halle berry have figures .
the move comes ahead of a military parade on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the second world war .	it is called the army of russia the green men .
boy scouts ' greater new york councils said they hired pascal tessier , an 18 - year - old eagle scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105 - year - old organization to gay scouts and leaders .	board member richard g .	mason said the councils see tessier as ' an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader .
the wondrous great wall of china was created in 500 bc to protect the country 's northern border against foreign invasion .	most of the fun that comes with the promise of a holiday on the other side , the reality of economy .
engineers believe tampons could be used to detect pipes that absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper , laundry detergents and shampoos , which they could shed light on previously undetectable sewage tampons pathways .
the eccentrically - disguised man entered a branch of the u .	s bank in the city of santa cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money .	his blonde wig , female clothing and spectacles prompted comparisons with the same name .
a 24 - year - old was airlifted to the hospital after being airlifted to hospital .	high winds are expected to be reduced to less than 500 metres .	dubai international airport said it was working to minimise any inconvenience .
boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384 - sq - ft , four - room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit .	over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess droppings and noise and last tuesday the structure was finally demolished .
malia obama , 16 , is visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school .	the 16 - year - old 's younger sister sasha , 13 , won't start thinking about college .
the cardboard gnome appeared on the cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper 's album .	it was signed by all four band member peter blake and jann haworth .	the album cover ended up going to an unnamed buyer for 29 , 000 .
madison small , from ashburn , left school early on mondayand , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital .	the loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis , which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell .
scientists at the yale university in the u.s. have revealed how the treatment , called azdo5030 , restored memory in alzheimer 's disease .	it was funded by the national institutes of research to test the efficacy of the drug in the uk .
anthony stokes , 17 , died on tuesday after he crashed a stolen honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman 's home in roswell , georgia .	the boy , from decatur , suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood .	the condition can lead to irregular heartbeats , blood clots or heart failure .
lauren crawley , a housewife from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new condition for a new platinum brain tumour behind her left ear .	after a stroke , the nerve was wrapped around the tumour , was damaged .	but it 's the same thing that can happen after a year .
police say the 24 - year - old man had been ejected from the scene .	police believe the man was taken to hospital with non - life threatening injuries , police say .	police say a man was stabbed in the back and attacked the security guard .	police have released cctv footage of the incident .
the latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in cappadocia .	the latest discovery is similar to the discovery of another underground city , derinkuyu , which was made in 1963 .
two - year - old nathaly hernandez has lived at the home of the innocentsnursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old .	she was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement .	nathaly 's caregivers said she became obsessed with miley cyrus ' .
amusement park dreamworld is being sued for $290 , 000 by a former casual employee .	she claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride .	ms prince has already undergone two operations and she has developed intersection .
james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after failing to carry out a caesarean section on suzanne adams and properly monitor her .	the high court ruled that united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust must pay in excess of 14 .	6 million for birth injuries .
maria malone - maria , 41 , from london , used her own brushes and replicating the image on her face .	the mother - of - two said she didn't use the shape of the rabbit 's face .	she used her brushes and searched for rabbits on instagram .
shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , was arrested after he burst into the door .	the 31 - year - old has committed his first crime spree at the age of 11 .	his wife appeared clutching her son 's baseball bat to the floor .
25 - year - old suspect is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee , her parents and seven of her siblings on sunday .	their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents , brother and sister - in - law after they objected to the match .
masked raiders used an angle grinder to try and break into a cash machine before they fled police in a stolen audi at speeds of up to 145mph .	the gang of four were seen trying to hack into an atm outside a waitrose supermarket in kenilworth in warwickshire .	when they were arrested at a flat in tamworth a list of atms was found .
lisa williams , 49 , hit taxi driver david coleman three times in the street , a court heard .	the two families had been ' neighbours at war ' since the colemans moved in next door to the williams family .
valerie cadman - khan was 12 at the time when she was handcuffed in front of her care daughter aimee , who was 12 .	she was accused of ' banging ' on the front of the man 's care and her daughter aimee had been left in the dock .	valerie cadman , 56 , said she was ' good [UNK] .
charles terreni jr was found dead in the pi kappa alpha house in south carolina .	he was found at the university of south carolina after a st patrick 's day party died .	he is the son of columbia attorney charles terreni , a former state public service commissioner and a man .
jose bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120 , 000 when the passionate missives go up for auction later this during her marriage to muralist diego rivera , frida penned the letters to jose , a catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in new york .	the letters , 25 of which are headed to auction at doyle new york on april 15 , were written in spanish between august 1946 and november 1949 and saved by jose until his death in 1995 .
michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online .	the former lib dem councillor , 50 , used the party 's offices in ashfield , nottinghamshire , to hold auditions for the sordid films .
the disease claims almost 11 , 000 lives a year in the uk , with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body .	the latest study gets to the root of this spread , and could mean better outcomes for the 42 , 000 men a year diagnosed with the illness .
many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii .	but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers .	the festival will not continue in 2016 .
new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6 .	6 million years old .	the technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked .
ryanair passengers travelling to edinburgh and zadar , croatia were delayed for hours after two of the budget airlines planes clipped wings at dublin airport this morning .	photos snapped by travellers show the tip of a winglet dangling by a thread after clipping the other plane - and it 's the second time in six months two ryanair planes .	passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8am .
anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter , 10 , last june near resorts world casino in the queens section of new york city when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes .
ambra battilana , 22 , did not ' co - operate ' with police for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a ' business meeting ' at his office in new york .	it has been claimed the delay was because the italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role .	but she decided to pursue the criminal case .
labour leaders secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to relish the chance to show who i am .	the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the salford itv studios where mr miliband clashed with david cameron , nick clegg and four other party leaders .
luo kun was expelled from his village when he was given a home at last .	he was forced to play in his village in linfen , a city in southern shanxi province .	the boy was refused admission to local schools and protect villagers ' families .	the red ribbon school is the only school in china .
mark jones is accused of killing 41 - day - old amelia rose jones at his daughter 's terraced home in pontnewydd , south east wales .	the youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather .
43 - year - old has denied committing a public order offence after it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver fateh kerar , 44 , near traffic lights in altrincham , cheshire .	he is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to altrincham - based mr kerar - while the defence will call keane and an additional witness .
woman , a 65 - year - old man , was discovered at derby motor boat club on sunday night .	the woman 's body was found at a boat club in sawley on sunday .	the club has been arrested and released on bail in connection with the death .
melbourne apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper australia 108 and boast 360 degrees over the city , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country , domain reports .	the businessman who splashed out on the 750 square metre apartment on southbank promenade plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed .
sikander rafiq , 34 , and samara jabreen , 32 , lied to birmingham citycouncil about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period .	the couple , from ward end , pocketed 66 , 268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support .
the $40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers .	a new delhi driver was accused of raping a young woman in december .	he was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver 's home , a woman in london .
all guests on the new virgin 787 dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on facebook .	mood lighting to help with jetlag , windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets .
six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow its pilots to ' look through ' the air - frame , giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies ' .	six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow its pilots to ' look through ' the air - frame , giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies ' .	the f - 35 lightning ii is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code .
tracy morgan was forced to miss the saturday night live 40th anniversary special , though he was acknowledged for his many contributions to the show in which his 30 rock castmates tina fey and alec baldwin introduced one of his most famous characters .	morgan 's attorney recently revealed morgan is still struggling to simply return ' to the way he was ' after this trauma .
allie , 21 , posted the results of the not - entirely - serious stunt on twitter .	allie 's boyfriend incorrectly answered questions about beyonce 's husband jay z following a score of 80 per cent of the stunt .
the 29 - year - old pankaj was in australia on a long - stay work visa .	he had been working on and off in sydney in recent years .	mr saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries .
ambra battilana , 22 , claims he assaulted her at his tribeca grand hotel on friday night .	she arranged to meet with him at the tribeca office in manhattan on thursday night .	weinstein has spoken to police and denies the allegations .
the senate democratic leader , harry reid , says he may never again see out of one eye .	reid said he is ' over ' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year 's day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because ' i cant live with that , ' he said , according to fusion .
ruba khandaqji , 36 , was arrested for threatening to hire a hitman to kill gov .	rick scott .	the 36 - year - old has been charged with two counts of corruption .
the rocks are now exposed on the queen charlotte islands , off the coast of british columbia , canada .	this happens when the sun - lit surface of the ocean become devoid of oxygen .
ex - new england patriots player aaron hernandez had access to a black glock pistol , had a distrustful nature and often described his friends as ungrateful , a former friend testified at hernandez 's murder trial on wednesday .	hernandez , 25 , is charged with killing lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister .	lloyd was found shot dead in june 2013 in an industrial park near hernandez 's home in north attleborough , massachusetts .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , is accused of punching a patient in the face .	he was working as an honorary locum consultant in oral and maxillo - facial surgery .	witnesses said he had simply digitally manipulated the patients face .
researchers at joint base lewis - mcchord in tacoma , washington , concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment .	it was certainly intuitive as the wars went on and suicides went up for people to assume that deployment was the reason , but our data show that that is too simplistic; when you look at the total population .
the six - month - old had injuries including a broken jaw , broken leg , broken hard palate and bruised lungs .	the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the medical bills and surgeries .
prelate was sacked from a religious order in taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes , role play and explicit gay web chats .	priest allegedly favoured sexual role - play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple judas escariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of jesus by becoming his slave .
a family of four , including two children , and their two sons , were found dead in a home in tulsa , oklahoma .	police found a gun near the man 's body and are not seeking a suspect .	the bodies were found in a house in the house in tulsa .
wayne kyle , the father of american sniper chris kyle , gave his first interview on thursday since the end of the trial of his son 's killer torturing: news .	routh , pictured center in court in february , was sentenced to life in prison without parole american legend: chris kyle ( pictured ) served as a navy seal for 10 years and became the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history .
police continued to look for anjelica ' aj ' hadsell , 18 , who has been missing since march 2 , and focused on a pond near carrsville after a new tip .	local resident steve hines said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the longwood university freshman 's phone .
mohamed hamdin , 24 , was charged with assaulting a 15 - year - old girl .	he appeared at downing centre court for his indecent assault nsw police .	he was arrested and charged with indecent assault .
meng xiong , 21 , of st .	paul , minnesota has been charged with kidnapping , third - degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment .	the girl , who has not been identified because she is a minor , told police that xiong was her ' boyfriend ' and that they got into a physical argument over the prospect of marriage on saturday night .
the inn , which will have 20 bedrooms , is being built in the prince 's model village in dorset as a joint development between the duchy of cornwall and brewery hall & woodhouse .
dean mason , 48 , then sneaks under his sibling 's wing , prompting an amusing game of tug - of - war .	the scene was photographed from just six metres away by dean mason .
native australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland while now its disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area with small populations remaining in queensland , the northern territory and western australia .	kevin bradley , ceo of save the bilby fund told daily mail australia that its very difficult to pin point the exact number of bilbies left in australia because of their cryptic nocturnal habits .
churchill , then 84 , was president eisenhower 's guest of honour at the gathering , held at the home of the us ambassador in london .	the former prime minister appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open .
the creator of the pet rock , has died at age 78 in southern oregon .	his rocks , which formed a tongue - in - cheek instruction pamphlet for ' care and feeding ' and made him a ' [UNK] .
michael olsen , 52 , from dartford , kent , was challenged by pcs mark bird and robert wilson after abandoning his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island and parked cars .	when pc bird lunged at olsen in a bid to save his colleague he felt a sharp pain through his hand and realised he had been shot .
sean mccabe , 30 , of tonyrefail , south wales , was told he had just two months to live .	he was told his cancer went into remission and he has changed his reservation for his partner .
former redgum frontman john schumann has slammed anti - islam protesters for using his song , i was only 19 , at one of saturday 's reclaim australia rallies .	the songwriter , who penned the 1983 anthem , said the song - like many of his others - was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness .	but it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies .
castro kidnapped and imprisoned michelle knight and amanda berry in his ohio home .	she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner however , she says he did keep his basement padlocked , which she found peculiar .
kim howe 's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former olympic athlete turned reality television star following her death .	mrs howe 's husband robert died in 2003 , and it is understood she has no other close living blood relatives .
rilwan oshodi bought karen budow 's bank account details for just 3 , 200 and spent her savings on cheeseburgers , bottles of champagne and top - of - the - range computers .	he now claims he is so broke he can't even pay his lawyers - but a judge told him today that if he does not return his ill - gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison .
rosie , 27 , was inspired by all things oriental and french designed lace bra .	follows a strict clean and lean diet and showcases her super toned body .	the 27 - year - old models her new summer collection .
sam smith , 22 , has dropped three stone by following a dairy - free , low sugar diet .	he regularly posts pictures of himself to his instagram account .	sam smith is the star of vogue 's vogue .
aleksandr glushko , 21 , of delta junction drove for more than three mileswhile intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed .	but his bright idea turned sour when an alaskan railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site .
kathy weaver , the world 's oldest person , was the oldest person in the world .	she was born on monday in camden , arkansas , on monday .	weaver , who died at the age of 117 , passed away from complications from the death .
chase lacasse , 19 , was apprehended by real state police in new hampshire .	he posted numerous photos of himself dressed up as an officer on social media .	the 19 - year - old was arrested and charged with felony impersonation .
apryl foster was last seen on february 12 leaving a bar alone in ybor city after a night of partying .	the 33 - year - old was found by divers in her submerged car in brandon , just a few blocks from her house .	the medical examiner measured foster 's blood alcohol level at 0 .	18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , as well as thc .
maryland 's middle class is the highest paid in the country , with an average income of $72 , 483 .	alaska is second with $72 , 190 , with a $70 , 165 .
iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend .	he was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar in hua hin resort .	mr mackay , 41 , was in a rage when he cut himself with piece of glass .
morrisons named best in the breakfast category , beating restaurants , pubs and hotels to make the title of britain 's best breakfast in the uk .	morrisons has been named the best place for 4 .	50 mystery shoppers .
nearly half of men think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out .	more than half of those polled say they have a dirnking problem .	one in five young professionals now considers themselves to [UNK] .
ellen weirich created ' le femme ' finishing school in new jersey .	she dedicates her life to helping transgender women become more feminine .	the finishing school aims to help both cross - dressers and those transitioning to .
russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life - like bird dolls .	she says she can't keep up with orders .	she also uses a sewing machine to make her dolls .
eight of those who were serving life sentences to be sentenced to life in prison .	the white house said it was the first time obama had sent such drug sentences .	obama has approved a total of 43 .
victor sena blood - dzraku will be served with divorce summons via a private facebook message .	it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until ' acknowledged ' .	he has been ' granted permission ' to serve the defendant with divorce papers .
the 30 - year - old darwin man is accused of using someone else 's employee registration numbers to pose as a nurse for six weeks .	he was charged with one count of fraud after the man was charged on saturday .
nicholas james langan , 24 , from townsville , was arrested about 1 .	00am on january 27 at a beach in canggu , north of kuta , for smoking a marijuana joint .	police seized the 0 .	1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0 .	1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0 .	86 grams .
lance lara , 10 , from joe , texas , is crowned world champion in his age group last year .	the 10 - year - old bull riding is a multi - billion dollar sports in the world .
jane bacon , who was diagnosed with her husband peter , was told she would have to pay 176 to switch her flights to sharm el sheikh .	she has now been charged with cancer in 2012 and has been charged .
kansai international airport , japan , has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 .	the airport has never analysed data from hundreds of airports across the world for the world .
labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife justine watched a dvd of the 2014 movie starring bill nighy and imelda staunton .	the labour leader said he struggles with hand - eye coordination but when he was 12 - years - old drove his parents slightly mad playing manic miner .
the robot personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ' a deceased robot ' or ' a celebrity ' .	the patent says that the personality could be downloaded to a similar way to an app .
the 51 - year - old singer has sold his 7 , 500 - square - foot new york city penthouse for $37 .	5million . the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $24million in 2007 .
the 44 - year - old is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new york campaign in the new york city .	sarah recalls a time she was discriminated against because of her gender .
the extremist group 's first english bulletin aired on tuesday on its al - bayan radio station .	it is hosted by a man with an american accent , who takes the listener through the main events of the day .	the magazine is the latest english medium to be used by isis .
135 , 000 bill to move 50 protected water voles from somerset levels .	the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the cost of 2 , 500 per animal .	more than 600 homes and 17 , 000 acres of farmland were cut off in the wettest .
23 - year - old kamron t .	taylor was found guilty of first - degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 21 years to life in prison .	the girl , 23 , was found dead in a residential area of kankakee .	he was convicted of murder of murder and sentenced to death in february .
karen davis , from port pirie , notoriously flashed her size - k - cup breasts .	she handed herself into police before she was reported by police with disorderly behaviour .	police released a statement saying ' flat - tittie chicks ' are not confident .
rosetta swooped on 12 miles of the comet centre on saturday .	the probe was able to perform more than 90 per cent of the goals before running out of power .	rosetta swooped to within about 8 .	6 miles ( 14 km ) of the comets surface .
researchers have for the first time being able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium .	the results of new research suggest the element lasted more than a century , but the periodic table may have to be put in the main body .
the festival , which marks the trial , crucifixion and resurrection of jesus culminating in easter sunday , has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents .	in a diverse display of traditions , thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self - flagellation in demonstrations of commitment to their faith .
albert webb , 51 , and jesse webb , from surrey , followed people aged up to 97 home from post office .	he was jailed for four years after they harassed pensioners with dementia in the street .
benjamin astbury , 36 , was born 12 weeks early , weighing 1lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar .	he suffered five cardiac arrest and was born with a bowel problem .
five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per centtanzania origin chocolate , contains a staggering 548 , 000 calories .	the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per centtanzania origin chocolate , contains a staggering 548 , 000 calories .	the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per centtanzania origin chocolate , contains a staggering 548 , 000 calories .
tyecka evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her three - month - old daughter , 3 , and her sister , 3 - a - - - - - a mother of two in florida .	she was taken into custody after her daughter was found unresponsive in her home .	her daughter , three months , was found dead at home alone at home .
' euthanasia ' of strays was legalised by the romanian parliament in september 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation .	but a group of former models called thek - 9 angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed - and re - homed at least 700 in the uk .
the group of six completed the trip to corbin , kentucky , on saturday .	it was the first time they had been at the kfc 's restaurant in kentucky .	the group has been in the hunt for three of the [UNK] .
sydney personal trainer alleges instagram fitness star ashy bines used her recipes in an e - book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book said she was ' devastated ' to find her work had been taken .	her gourmet recipes caught the eye of ms bines , a gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer , in 2012 .
the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight .	state reservoirs have a year 's worth of water , and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them .	wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall .
' i think that 's good .	i'm not sure ' he knew about the party leader .	ukip leader says he is a ' keen angler ' and has a ' monthly column ' in essex .	mr farage said he wanted to work at billingsgate fish market .
researchers in the massachusetts believe the disease could be a powerful new tool in their battle against parkinson 's disease .	researchers say a person 's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their fatigue .
four surgeons will carry out the eight - to ten - hour operation on may 11 .	he hopes to return to work as a councilor in september .	he said ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer .
olivia palermo , who found fame on reality tv show the city , has teamed up with luxury british brand aspinal of london to design a limited edition handbag .	the bag contains a built - in high - capacity battery that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility .
cassandra and her mother jackie fortin , 17 , have been released from the hospital in middletown , california , in the early hours of the morning of the state 's supreme court must remain in custody .	the 17 - year - old is released from a closed - door court - ordered chemotherapy for hodgkin 's lymphoma , a type of blood cancer .	the state supreme court ruled against cassandra 's disease .
images show the city of golmud in the country 's north west qinghai province .	the sandstorm was the fourth to hit the area this year .	china 's meteorlogical centre issued a blue alert .
the single mother - of - two has landed herself a place in a top competition .	she has now won a top model of the house in the final of new modelling competition .
more than 20 , 000 foreign fighters have fled to syria and iraq , according to report by the u .	n . the number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 .	more than 100 nations more than half the countries in the world .
two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of men during a drug deal at a home in the coral way area .	the boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5 , 000 , and driven to the house under the guise of making .
five - year - old ava ciach , from geelong in victoria , suffered from sagittal synostosis .	she had to undergo a check - up that it was ' smashed into pieces and put back together .
the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .	it is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks .
the easter egg can be traced back to the years after the first world war when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life and hope .	the tradition of easter eggs can be used in the past as the 1970s and the 1970s to highlight how the traditional chocolate treats have changed .
ethel rider , 87 , fell from her bed at half acre care home in radcliffe , when she fell out of bed .	the 87 - year - old suffered a broken pelvis and was left cowering in pain after falling on the floor .	but when asked what had happened , mrs rider was in agony .
the letter was posted on twitter on twitter on twitter , and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2 , 000 shares .	the role of the pilot was posted by pilot jai dillon , who was shown the a4 by a psychotherapist .
landlord richard stevenson , 32 , was stolen from a pub in belfast last month .	the owl has had three - holidays in belfast and belfast .	landlord richard wiles , 28 , has been stolen from the pub .
the pillow , 9 .	99 , livingiseasy .	uk in tudor times , buckwheat pillows are now stuffed with everything from a pillow with an industrial - looking cotton cover .	billed as the ultimate eco - pillow .
the tatty tarmac siteoverlooks the golden sands at rhossili in south wales , voted the uk 's number one beach , and 9th best in the world by tripadvisor .	visitors to the tip of the gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles , surrounded by the rolling welsh hills in the picture - perfect vista .
priest has been compared to italian nun sister christina who shot to fame .	the priest said he turned to the church first as he wanted to ' make sense of life ' .	he claimed he had been singing since he was 16 .
mineral veins were found at a site called ' garden city ' on the slopes of mount sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm ( 2 .	5 inches ) .	scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars ' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded , much softer bedrock .
mark dawe , head of the ocr exam board , said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam .	he said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway and teachers should test how students interpret answers .
the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to britains bee population than the concreting over of the countryside , according to the researcher .	the study is published in the journal current biology .
new tutorial youtube star promise tamang turns herself into maleficent , angelina jolie 's character from the movie of the same name .	but where the mother - of - six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones , promise 's bone structure is a result of clever contouring .
tom ballard , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995 .	mr ballard was just six years old when his mother died while descending k2 , which is regarded as more difficult to reach than the summit of mount everest .
chokal - ingam said he posed as a black man while he applied to st .	louis university school of medicine and heavily attacks affirmative action policies in the u.s. .	he said he was determined to get into medical school because he did not even complete his appearance as he was black and a doctor .
eight - year - old lota lota , 8 , was diagnosed with a brain tumor in october 2014 .	the tumor was known as a malignant form of brain tumor .	lota made the decision to attemptthe 10th annual antelope island buffalo .
carmen and mike gorgan are accused of ' complicity in human trafficking ' .	roma gang accused of selling a baby to a childless couple for 6 , 500 and a car .	they deny charges against them , saying the babies were ' a gift ' .
justus howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , illinois .	his mother said he wanted to be a surgeon .	he was pronounced dead at the scene in chicago .
prince harry will fall in with troops at the perth sas base and take on training exercises .	he will spend four weeks with the elite soldiers in the british armed forces .	the fourth - in - british army will spend time with the australian military .
42 , san francisco - based journalist robin rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed - for child .	the pregnancy test turned out to be wrong , but her husband scott wasnt taking any more chances: he got a vasectomy .
seven in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday .	seven in particular are remarkably racist , including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer richard henke says of president barack obama; ' what black man holds a steady job for four years .
the 27 - year - old will marry her long - term girlfriend later this month .	kim and andy will be able to tie the knot at crandon park on april 11 .	kim is looking forward to the next major milestone .
more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments in the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis panicked and sold them after the stock market fell by 30 per cent .	it comes just days before retirees in britain are given the power to decide how to spend their life savings .
the conservatives would end up on 297 seats , only slightly down on 2010 , labour 262 , the snp 35 , liberal democrats 30 , losing almost half of the mps , ukip four and the greens .
alan spencer , 67 , was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe .	he frantically tried to clear his throat , and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer - by .	but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life slipping away as he began to black out in front of his labradors .
the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence .	it is believed the students were intercepted in turkey after their parents realised they had fled to join the terrorist group .	he has been put on the group within minutes .
typhoon maysak was one of the strongest cyclones in the philippines .	it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main philippine island of luzon on saturday .
charlotte roach , 26 , from london , gave up ordinary clothes for lent to raise money for the charity that saved her life .	along with her business partner rosemary pringle , 28 , the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to fundraise for london 's air ambulance .
new haven superior court judge thomas o'keefe jr .	ruled monday that 49 - year - old lishan wang should be sent to connecticut valley hospital for treatment .	wang , a father of three , is charged with murder in the shooting of dr .	vajinder toor , 34 , and shooting but missing toor 's then - pregnant wife outside the couple 's branford , connecticut , home in april 2010 .
saad bieniewicz , 44 , is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer .	saad , the representative of her husband 's estate , is suing bassel saad , along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league .	saad punched him in the head and was sentenced to five days of probation .
new york - based writer danielle page , 38 , explained that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wife 's happiness above his own .	a 60 - year - old named michael revealed that his religion forbids having a partner on the side .
apple uses the framework for its airdrop feature , which makes it easy to send files and data to other connected iphone users .	it creates a localised network in which each phone becomes a node .
the death of 40 - year - old shahnawaz was returning home from a family function .	he was declared dead on arrival at the lok nayak hospital in the delhi .	police are now investigating the incident in the city of the city .
the northern lights were fortunate to be blown away by what is thought to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar storm .	the 42 - year - old is based in latina , led a group of her students to vik and hella in iceland .
prince harry is headed for his final tour of duty in perth , western australia where the soldier who claims to have shot the taliban warlord who was intent on killing the royal heir works as a training commander .	mark donaldson is one of australia 's most highly decorated soldiers , one of the very few to have been awarded the nation 's highest military honour , the victoria cross , for his bravery in afghanistan .
former female agents spoke out to the new york times on sunday to renounce depictions of cia women on tv shows and in movies .	the group of women say they are nothing like the honey - pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze and pills .	retired cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague aldrich ames as a russian double agent .
peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat , each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of ' terrible cruelty' .	the friend , ann , said she had gone to the house on sunday afternoon with another friend because she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone .
the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific research for more than 50 years .	the vessel is more than 355 feet below the surface .
boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one - touch - 911 app .	users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button - and it works even if you don't have signal .
zoe ubiera is five - months old and was one of 750 babies .	photographer seth casteel created his new book , underwater babies .	the book is a new book by heading to water .
two - year - old darcy atkinson wascovered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died on december 7 , 2012 .	the toddler had been in the care of his mother 's boyfriend adam taylor when he was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics , before being airlifted to sydney 's westmead children 's hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath .
the woman was taken to hospital after her mother 's body was removed from the richmond area of san francisco .	the body was covered in a blanket and wrapped in a carpet , according to the firefighter .
residents in san bernardino county , california were forced to flee their homes after a blaze went out of control due to high winds .	residents have been forced to leave their homes as a shift in the blaze in the mojave narrows park , which caused the blaze to spread .
caleb benn , a californian high school student , recently developed a $4 .	99 ( 3 .	24 ) app for ios devices using instagram 's application program interface .	it allows users to upload photos to instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone .	caleb benn , a californian high school student , has developed a $4 .	99 ( 3 .	24 ) app for ios devices using instagram 's application program interface .
brayden travis , 15 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend 's home in st charles county , missouri in early march .	he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage .	his mother said he will likely remain in a vegetative state , his mother says .
new book has now archived the changing face of italian fashion , from the post - war years to the 21st century .	italian glamour: the essence of italian fashion , from the postwar years to the present day , captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images .
michael brelo goes on trial on two counts of manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 .	brelo 's footprints were found on the hood of the beat - up chevy malibu where russell and williams died .
nigel farage claims ukip has ' slipped back a bit ' in the polls .	ukip leader is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the tories in clacton .
35 - year - old man is charged with one count of armed robbery , false imprisonment and assault with a weapon .	the man has been charged with two counts of ' armed robbery ' and ' [UNK] .
the so - calleddisciples of the new dawnhas sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share , and comment on , the group 's ' anti - cesarean memes ' .	the page has been shared nearly 80 , 000 times since it was posted on sunday .
alexis tsipras met the russian president in moscow yesterday .	the pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects .	but mr tsipras insisted he had not asked for or received financial aid .
couple , known only as jamie and dawn , were appearing on an episode entitled: ' my fianc is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? '	couple had hurled accusations at each other , with jamie admitting to having sex with one of dawn 's friends while she took their pet dog for a walk .
gerry adams , 37 , was accused of being ' bound ' by ira commander gerry adams .	he was accused by gerry adams as ' what happens in the ira ' .	mr adams said he was ' a liar ' and ' blood on his hands ' .	gerry adams said the ira was ' bound to have [UNK] .
the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies .	the striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by albert einstein in his theory of general relativity .
unnamed worker , from alberta , canada , came armed with with a scathing note from his gp , giving the firm - believed to be pizza hut - a ticking off for its office policy ' wasting his time' .	the unnamed canadian doctor opens the letter praising their patient for ' sensibly staying home from work' .
billy - anne huxham , 18 , told officers she had been forced into a car outside a caboolture home , north of brisbane just after 6am .	detectives are desperately searching for the teen and carl garry chapman , 32 , who is believed to be the victim 's former boyfriend .
snp leader warned ed miliband that time is running out on her offer to help lock the tories out of power .	the snp leader has said she is prepared to work with labour to put mr miliband in number 10 , even if david cameron 's conservatives win more seats .
the world 's biggest ever specimen of a south american cichlid was found living in wa .	it 's a lot of these fish , so they prey on them and compete for fish .
linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like your own .	one linguist says human language likely to have been present in human language since its emergence .
several hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care .	hens spend over a year in small wire cages , as is standard practice in the egg industry .
kevin pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife .	his wife , bonnie , wasn't able to join him because she stayed home to care for her .
university of nebraska researcher reveals why stress is bad for you in a video .	it 's present in the body at higher levels in the morning , and at its lowest at night .
mr johnson said the labour leader was ' hostile ' to people who wanted to own home .	he also claimed ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while he posed for selfies .
ftse 100 bosses say ed miliband would be ' catastrophe ' for britain 's biggest business chiefs .	mr umunna said the letter would be a ' change of business ' for the uk .
teenagers have taken to the social media campaign to katniss everdeen of their own lives .	the twitter users describe the chosen ' chosen ' the ' jerk ' and ' 100% . . '
pm vowed to do more to respond to concerns about immigration .	warned that it is not the time to send a message or make a protest .	mr farage is on 30 per cent with the tories in third place .
robert dellinger , 54 , was sentenced on thursday to two four - and - a - half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the december 2013 deaths of amanda murphy , 24 , who was 8 months pregnant , and her fiance , 29 - year - old jason timmons .	he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash , which means he could be released in less than eight years .
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook .	she said that the voicemail was in response to a scathing review she had written on the company 's facebook page after her tenth unsuccessful trip to maaco .
angela postle , from queensland , has been sent to the queensland environmental hospital .	the mother - of - five has been offered a sample of oranges and being sent to a queensland environmental health branch .	the phenomenon happened on the oranges and fruit .
kira hollis , 27 , was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago .	the 27 - year - old , from tamworth , staffordshire , was ordered to go to the gym .	she was helped by the cherry orchard clinic in tamworth , new zealand .
davy jones , best known for his work with the band the monkees , died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66 .	dozens of items from the entertainer 's estate will be auctioned in new york .
steve tempest - mitchell , from bradford , west yorkshire , lost a whopping 16st after the surgery 14 months ago , which caused his stomach to shrink to the size of a tennis ball .	the 56 - year - old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his type 2 diabetes .
disney has just been unveiled at the magic kingdom in the seven seas lagoon .	the villas - flavoured resort is a quick monorail ride away from the theme park .	guests will be welcomed at the great ceremonial house in orlando .
prime minister said coalition had spent five years trying to ' lift people up ' .	archbishop of canterbury said the coalition had a combination of condescension and suspicion .	the archbishop of york said the values of the christian faith are missing .
ashley johnston , 28 , was shot in february in rojava , near the turkish border , while fighting with the kurdish people 's protection units ( ypg ) and was given a heroes send off in macquarie park , sydney , on thursday morning .	his mother amanda johnston had no idea her son was at war in the middle east until she learnt of his death .
luke may have been missing for days of search for the missing 11 - year - old .	he was last seen on the national park on friday and has not been missing since the search for luke 's family .	he has now been updating his family and friends for the search .
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday .	a police spokesman said it was understood the dogs were killed in the area , with the rspca .
the gunman , who has not been identified , had sparked security concerns at the park , where the mother of his child works in a restaurant .	last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after he shot himself dead in front of children and families .	sheriff 's deputies who rushed to the scene engaged the man in conversation but were unable to restrain him .
scoring sixth place on the list is elizabeth stewart , a former fashion stylist for the new york reporter 's ' power stylist for 2015 ' hit list .	stewart was part of cate blanchett as well as cate blanchett , sandra bullock and amanda seyfried .
the $1 .	5 million house has been sold for $125 , 000 , according to the melbourne - based firm .	it is a $1 .	5million - dollar price - tag in the million - dollar bargain .	the averagehouse - price in auckland is $669 , 000 .
four - day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday .	the time change affects all states except queensland , the northern territory and western australia , where daylight saving is .
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped by a nevada highway patrol trooper in las vegas , las vegas .	she was distracted driving fines from $50 for the first offense up to $250 .
the big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa .	the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back - but ends up being chased away by the infant 's mother .
a missing mother and son are missing after their car was swept away by rising flood waters in okolona , kentucky .	the fire department sent a swift - water recovery team to assist with the search .
superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments .	one in three women said they are so self - conscious about the state of their skin .	experts say that hormones and diet are also to blame .
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories compared with just under 9 per cent under labour and just over 9 per cent under the current coalition .	the figures , in an analysis for the daily mail by investment company hargreaves lansdown , are a further boost for david cameron .
new lincoln continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with thebentley flying spur .	bentley design chief luc donckerwolke apparently thought the newlincoln continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with thebentley flying spur .	the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears .
hugo mbaeri , a ringleader of the scheme , is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the end of the old bailey .	the alleged fraud was allegedly carried out from may 2012 to may 2013 and many of the victims were victims of the fraud .	hugo mbaeri is the inside man in the dock allowed their accounts to be passed .
the pony - of - the - the - director of fashion house has a wikipedia entry and doesnt get out of her bed for less than a million quid .	she has notched up over 100 , 000 followers on twitter .
she was forced to remove a letter from all walks of life across the uk .	she was exposed as a benefit cheat who had swindled nearly 30 , 000 .	she said they were both working on zero hours but she was caught .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor .	the former math and calculus teacher at lower moreland township school district had been facing seven to 14 years in prison .
the final chapter is due out at the end of the year .	there are three other sequels to come , with the follow - up hitting cinemas may 1 .	in return , they can ask for $20 million per film .
derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , and tina lowe , 33 , were hit shortly before 10am on sunday in durham by a train heading north .	amtrak spokesman marc magliari said train no .	80 , the carolinian , was headed from charlotte to new york city when the accident occurred on property owned by norfolk - southern .
the westwood - designed penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open on may 18 at $25 , 000 a night .	the suite has 5 , 000 square feet of private outdoor penthouse , inspired by vivienne westwood .
china has been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the region .	experts have told mailonline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems .
around 75 people were inside the church when the ceiling collapsed .	the parishioners were from the korean church in rahway , new jersey .	the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated .
cody neatis , from lancashire , has been without a hospital in hospital .	she has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor and is fed by a tube .	cody 's mother , lynne neatis , was admitted to the hospital last week .	the hospital has now had to stay in hospital for nine days .
indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already - in - effect law clarifying that no one will ' be able to discriminate against anyone at any time ' .	indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already - in - effect law clarifying that no one will ' be able to discriminate against anyone at any time .
the weather will be warmer here than in many mediterranean sun spots .	mercury is set to rise steadily until friday , when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c ( 70f ) or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far .
the mission will take place in two parts , andthis month marked the start of preliminary design work on esa 's asteroid impact mission .	it is working with nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid 's moon .
robbie clark , 96 , spent 50 , 000 life savings on contributing to his care .	he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home .	mr clark is one of the few british soldiers to survive hitler 's care .
naturopathic doctor says that our pms can be banished forever with just a few simple - steps .	the naturopathic doctor claims that our hormones are common , but they're not normal , but are not .
the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non - churchgoing families even though they may live nearby .	many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos .
martin vargic , a graphic designer , has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50 , 000 bc to 100 , 000ce .	martin vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the position .
19 - year - old woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool inaylesbury , buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle .	the latest pictures are thought to be connected to a similar incident that took place at the same pool .
paul childs is the second liberal democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is hiv positive as he launched a scathing attack on nigel farage for his comments on the condition during last week 's tv debate .	paul childs , who is running in the liverpool riverside seat , said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test after starting a new relationship with a man .	ukip leader nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with hiv in the television debate .
the liquid is called shear - thickening fluid ( stf ) , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature .	in a ' liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high - speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area .
lightning strikes inside the enormous ash cloud thrown into the air by the colima volcano , which first erupted in 1576 , is one of the most active volcanoes in mexico .	mr cervantes spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1 .	8 miles ( three kilometres ) into the atmosphere before managing to capture the rare picture .
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit , michigan , on monday night when he was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows .	the 24 - year - old was handcuffed , despite complaining that he had trouble breathing , before suffering a fatal heart attack .	he is planning to sue police for their role in his son 's death .
pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend , kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads .	parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to ' let off steam ' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around .
fortnum & mason 's chotch egg is the world 's first gourmet chocolate scotch egg .	the ' chotch egg ' is the worlds first gourmet egg , 5 per cent .	the marmite chocolate egg is a free - cups .
hayley suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate .	progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13 .	hayley , from bexhill , east sussex , defied the odds to raise awareness .
traditional chinese medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world .	it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is , the greater the healing affect it will have .
brian gemmell , a former captain in the intelligence corps , said he was one of threeyoungsters trafficked from the home before being molested by very powerful figures in a westminster paedophile gang .	mr kerr , who claimed he was sexually abused by politicians and other senior men at kincora , west london , are being investigated by scotland yard amid credible claims a tory mp murdered a young boy .	mi5 has been accused of suppressing allegations of abuse at kincora .
man and 64 - year - old woman were charged with possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg on thursday .	it is thought that the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds .	the carcasses were found in the home in vera scarth - johnson wildflower reserve .
in the last 20 years , the number of alcohol - related deaths has doubled .	in last six years , ms merner , 39 , has been admitted to hospital 13 times .	she has been left with ' luminous ' jaundiced skin , which has ravaged her .
sensors at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctic peninsula recorded a temperature of 17 .	5c ( 63 .	5f ) .	according to meteorologists this is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent .
dylan miller , a 21 - year - old from meadville , pennsylvania , has been living in a one - bed hut built out of fallen trees , leaves and a tarp since september .	miller , 21 , has spent the last eight months in the one - room hut in pennsylvania .
boys from dewsbury , west yorkshire , have not been in contact with their families for several days and cannot be reached on their mobile phones .	one of the boys is believed to be a relation of hammaad munshi , who was just 15 .
the 23 - year - old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed .	the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool in sydney 's north - west .
the 92 - year - old started her career in new york city when she was 25 , is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her storied career at papers including the new york daily news .
kyle patrick loughlin was enrolled at bridgewater state university on an early childhood education course , was arrested on tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five .	police told the boston globethat they then proceeded to search loughlin 's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children 's underwear and diapers .
more than 1 , 300 fishermen are involved in the rescue operation .	13 members of the crew are still missing after the trawler sank in the sea of okhotsk in just 15 minutes .	at least 54 people have been rescued after the dalny vostock sank .
a spanish expert , dr celia sanchez - ramos , has found the led screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness .	research has already shown that the intense levels of ' blue light ' emitted from modern gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints .
above , troops walk across the island in 1982 , leading to a conflict that could be worth billions of pounds .	defence secretary michael fallon warned of ' very live threat ' from argentina .
the long - running motoring show took up first , second , third and fifth spots in the catch - up service 's top five for the month as fans used it to take one last look at their favourite show .	the four episodes were watched 2 , 645 , 000 times in february .
dwelling values rose by 5 .	8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690 , 000 in the harbour city , leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction rate and an investor .
duncan hodgetts , 25 , fell from the 14th floor window of the executive plaza building in midtown manhattan at 8 .	30am yesterday morning .	he was found on a third - floor balcony of the neighboring michelangelo hotel , near the rockefeller center , and was pronounced dead at the scene .
hakeem kuta , 17 , was on life support and passed away saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on thursday night .	police said kuta , junior at bronx envision academy , appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops .	kuta then jumped over a three - foot high wall without realizing there was a gap between the buildings .
robert abercrombie tied his son james 's tooth to the back of his muscle car .	mr abercrombie can be seen climbing into the camera showing off his tooth clean out .	the video is believed to have been seen running up to his tooth .
brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup , washington , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle - tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift .	afoa went on to sue port of seattle - which owns and operates the sea - tac airport - in king county superior court .
keonna thomas , 30 , was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group .	authorities said she communicated with an islamic state group fighter in syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation .	thomas ' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in new york in another home - grown terror case .
the 800 - year - old hay castle is infested with deathwatch beetles burrowing in to its timber frames .	the remains of the castle include a four - storey norman keep and gateway , at the same time .
the 25 - year - old twins , 25 , and markieff morris , who both play forward for the phoenix suns , are now the focus of an investigation into afelony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in january .	phoenix police say the twins and three others assaulted erik hood at a basketball game .
keith cameron , from edinburgh , was jailed for five years for a prison sentence .	the 54 - year - old died of stomach cancer in 2012 in 2012 .	he was sentenced to five years at edinburgh magistrates court .
dry rot is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans .	dry rot they stop , stare at it and point with their nose , only moving from affected area .
the couple , who does not wish to be identified , hired attorney cathy hale to sue james evans the owner of premiere photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed , ' poor n***** party ' on the bottom of the pictures .	the couple is suing the company under the texas deceptive trade practices act claiming that premiere photo practiced ' negligence and breach on contract .
28 - year - old has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $90 a week to support her baby and her seven - year - old daughter .	the 28 - year - old is not eligible for further financial assistance from centrelink as she is not an australian citizen .
robert dellinger , 54 , was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median and smashed into an suv carrying 24 - year - old amanda dellinger , who was 8 months pregnant .	his mother , tammy langlois , and timmons , were accused of being ' heartless ' by the families of murphy and timmons .	dellinger was a senior vice president and chief .
gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing their cash and belongings , according to the plain - clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area .	chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london , according to undercover police teams a bag they were carrying contained 130 , 000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery .
the 24 - year - old used his @bbcgen2015 twitter page to make the disparaging remark about mr cameron and ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy .	shoulder , 24 , is a big fan of brand and regularly messages the bbc .
thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on their money .	scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin .	while most of the bacteria found on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is harmless .
the network handed williams a six - month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003 .	but according to a report in vanity fair , williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about brokaw .
more than half of the 50g of sugar the world health organisation recommends per day .	the average child will eat eight of the chocolate treats , totalling a massive 8 , 000 calories .
cryos international is relocating from new york to the university of central florida .	while the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer .	it is looking for donors aged up to 50 u.s. , 80 countries worldwide .
no one in britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea .	many people in the u.s. , russia or china never see the sea in their lives .	most of us are saturated with the puffins .
zaur dadaev was shot in the back four times on a bridge close to the kremlin in february .	human rights agencies have quoted him as telling the court he had been abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder .
the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer , who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 .	police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age , but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this .
labour leader used a speech to say he will ' abolish ' the 200 - year - old rule for non - dom rules .	but in january he said: ' i think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country ' .	mr miliband said that everyone else will have to pay tax on their worldwide income .
two seals were shot dead in crovie , north - east scotland .	farmers say seal killings are essential to stop the animals from destroying fish stocks off the coast of scotland and scotland .
scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the eu than another independence vote .	the idea of having another referendum on scotland 's future in the uk before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters .	it comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon last night refused to rule out staging a second independence vote .
the film has established a new high - water mark for the month of april .	it also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history .	it opened in 4 , 003 north american theaters in 4 .
felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport .	the two - year - old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart , 31 , and her husband , joseph naaman , who said the airline - approved pet carrier was damaged so badly apparently while being transferred from the plane that felix was able to get out and run away .
nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies , including faster methods of propulsion .	other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space .	other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space .
executives at coronation street have reportedly just overturned a ban on their cast .	katy cavanagh , who played julie carp , has been given a telling off for taking on a voiceover job .
katie , 28 , is a close friend of katie , who is a ' close friend ' and ' [UNK] ' .	it is claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym .
sockeye salmon , which spend the rest of the year out in the ocean , will swim through the katmai national park , which runs through the ocean .	the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune .
zhou qunfei , 45 , has been named the director of china 's richest woman .	the 45 - year - old was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china .	she invented the scratch - resistant glass made by the company .
kevin franklin , who has been medically retired from dunstable , bedfordshire , is autistic and the family want to use his christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability .	the father kept them up on the front of his home in april for autism awareness month .
misao okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in osaka , japan , as she died of heart failure on april 1 .	she was recognised as the world 's oldest person .
joshua smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in the middle of the night .	he was plucked from the water by the crew of an raf rescue helicopter .	police said they are not treating the death as suspicious .
deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock - solid lib dem constituency , sheffield hallam .	mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote .
colombian - born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show .	the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing .	speaking to the new york daily news , she described how after the blunder she broke down in tears .
jeremy clarkson has become a green campaigner , simon cowell is going to be put on the 5 note and the leaning tower of pisa is becoming a luxury hotel , it emerged today .	the mail also joined in with the trend - our exclusive story about safari park visitors ' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was , sadly , made up .	among the other jokes to sneak into the news today were tesco 's new trampoline aisles .
marian davenport , 53 , was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in kingsford , sydney , in early april 1975 .	she was reportedly fed up with taking care of her younger siblings .
becca litchfield , 29 , and partner dale , 30 , from gotham , nottingham , were heart - broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding contest .
former gov .	john kitzhaber resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business .	hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees .
youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription - based service for the first time .	it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an ' ads - free ' version of youtube for a email .
millie elia , an eighth - grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died in mount cheaha state park on saturday .	the teenager had been rappelling on pulpit rockpark with her family .
pigwig , known as pigwig , had fallen into a swimming pool in ringwood , hampshire .	his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the pig plunged into the swimming pool .
the new tool lets users embed a tweet within their own message .	the feature will roll out its retweet with comment feature , which lets people annotate the tweets of others .	the new feature will then be shared with your followers .
u.s. secretary of state john earnest said he would leave those announcements to negotiators .	the white house was on the verge of making a deal with iran over its nuclear program .	the u .	n . and the united states are still trying to make a deal as long as wednesday .
ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the whole school 's results .	he was banned from the school after a probe by the local education authority .	the department for education annulling all sats exam results .
southampton beat blackburn 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	sam gallagher scored the game for southampton in the first leg of the game .	southampton lost 1 - 1 to the fa cup on saturday at st .
claudetteia love , 17 , said last week that she and her friends would not go to carroll high school 's prom in monroe , louisiana , because principal patrick taylor had told her she had to wear a dress .	her comments sparked an outpouring of support from her classmates , who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind .
16 - month - old noah ginesi from penrith in cumbria reached out for a hug with prince charles .	the heart - warming moment occurred during a visit to the rheged centre in cumbria , where the prince of wales was meeting farmers and charity staff .	the prince of wales was meeting farmers and charity staff .
a total of 215 , 462 licences exist compared to the 177 , 000 owned by 177 , 675 owned by nsw police in the last five years .	nsw police busted an illegal gun operation in the casino and lismore areas .
deborah hutton has released ' my love affair with food ' .	the 53 - year - old has a health and wellbeing website .	the cook book is sure to add to her merit .
beatrice nokes , 37 , is accused of committing the crimes while on and off - duty .	she is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex .	he faces several charges of misconduct in the chimney .
george and amal clooney have submitted plans to improve their home cinema .	the home cinema is now an ' expected ' luxury properties worth over 100 , 000 .	george and ben estimates that george and cinemas can improve their 10million .
poll of 1 , 500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents .	around half of all reported online insults this year compared to 27 per cent last year .	one teacher said they had received insults from parents .
labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that undermine living standards and family life .	but his crackdown , which was intended to regain the political initiative after boosts for the tories on jobs and incomes , backfired spectacularly .
boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre ' upright ' sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long - haul flights too .	boeing has just filed a patent for a ' transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ' cuddle chair ' it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption .
new ' artisan grilled chicken ' to be in its more than 14 , 300 u.s. stores by the end of next week , in products including a new sandwich , as well as existing sandwiches , wraps and salads .	the new recipe also does not use maltodextrin , which mcdonald 's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning .
germany , hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession on horseback , while in slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations .	a similar age - old tradition takes place in hungary , where after being sprinkled with water , the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return .	despite today 's heavy snow , the bavarian riders , took off toward a church in nearby ettendorf to receive blessings .
james robarge , 45 , from saxtons river , vermont , was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison .	she disappeared from her charlestown home on june 27 , 2013 .	kelly robarge , 42 , was convicted of second - degree murder in the death of his wife kelly .
space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra - terrestrials within a decade .	the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra - terrestrials within a decade .	the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra - terrestrials within a decade .
rudy knox , 29 , is serving a 16 - year sentence for the murder of british student meredith kercher .	he is now serving a two - year prison sentence for murder of meredith kercher last month .
the frequency with which britons have sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet .	this was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times a year in 1990 .
natalie fletcher 's ' love your body ' is painted as part of a beach scene raising their arms happily in the las vegas sign and superstition mountains in the country .	natalie began her project in march and plans to complete the journey .
750 , 000 refurbishment of sheltered accommodation has been labelled an ' eyesore ' by local residents .	but the local council defended the colour scheme , claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home .	the colours are totally unsuitable for the older people that live here .
louis jordan , 37 , released a three - paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray during his ordeal .	louis lordan released a three - paragraph statement on monday in whcih he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray .	jordan also said he set up a makeshift mast with a small sail to get the boat headed in a westward direction .
police arrested 12 protesters thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea where one of the world 's largest telescopes is being built .	native hawaiian groups do not oppose the thirty meter telescope itself , they disagree with the location of the construction on mauna kea - the highest point in the state which is considered a home of deities .
rurik jutting is being held at hong kong 's eastern court in hong kong .	he is accused of the murders of two women who were found in his apartment .	jutting was found dead in a apartment on thursday .
ronda blaylock was just 14 - years - old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional mayberry in ' the andy griffith show .
diane mclean , 58 , and dr mclean , 26 , and twins james and annabelle , 5 , were killed in the death of their four - bedroom apartment in the east village last week .	dr mclean says she 's been overwhelmed by the generosity of her family .
rodrigo alves , a 31 - year - old london flight attendant , is dubbed the new human ken doll after having 30 plastic surgery .	rodrigo alves is known as the new face ' as a mentor for another [UNK] .
laura alicia caldero , 26 , claims she was sitting under a palm tree in playa del carmen , mexico .	she says she was removed because she was sunbathing on a beach reserved for tourists .	the woman 's family said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of a fine .
the lingerie model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body - flaunting photos on instagramas she documents her first pregnancy prompting outcry from critics who claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child .	sarah is a fitness fanatic and a workaholic , keeping up her incredible figure with regular trips to the gym and keeping busy with modelling gigs .
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas - fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night .	the plane left nearly a half - hour late , and when it got to wichita falls , the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on , according to officials in the city of 100 , 000 people .
the 24 - year - old was part of a series of armed raids on petrol stations , convenience stores and a pub to pay for cannabis .	sim - mutch pleaded guilty to a string of robberies and burglaries in stockport , greater manchester .	he claimed he was ' midnight removals ' in his online profile .
more than $440 , 000 has been raised for an indiana pizzeria that said it would refuse to serve gay marriage ceremonies under new religious freedom laws .	a contributor from glenn pence said he has temporarily shut the restaurant 's doors after he received abusive phone .
craig phillips , 33 , from brighton , won the second series of the big brother in 2001 .	he won the house at the channel 4 show in 2006 and he won a dream 100 , 000 .
ambra battilana , 22 , told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ' business meeting ' at his home on friday night .	the 22 - year - old has denied the allegations .
the child , corinne gump , and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire in the early hours of monday , just hours before robert seman , jr .	, 46 , was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years .	after the three bodies were found in the home in youngstown , ohio , police went to seman 's home and found corinne 's mother , lynn schmidt , wkbn reported .
charlotte cobbald , 17 , was treated for anorexia and depression at the time .	she then ran away from her father , saying ' let me die , before she collapsed in a field and her family called [UNK] .
dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system .	labour councils , including mr milibands own authority in doncaster , have also issued 22 , 000 of the contracts .
a range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry .	there will be representatives on hand from little , brown , harpercollins , headline , the society of authors and independent authors .
nick clegg has signed a book about his marriage to mariah carey .	mariah , 45 , and nick , 34 , have been battling for money and custody of their twins .	mariah is being very vengeful , dating other women in public .
dr . dr . dr . esa says it was due to the amount of dust and earth .	the spacecraft started to mistake the encounter with comet 67p .	hundreds of false stars were ejected from the probe .
thomas jordan driver , 25 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder , according to florida attorney general pam bondi 's office .	the kkk men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight , officials said .
rats flatten their ears , narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain .	they found that rats spent less time in the room showing rats with neutral facial expressions .
four - year - old hudea was pictured late last year by photographer .	she , her mother and three siblings are believed to have been living in the syrian camp since hudea 's death in the last year .
rachel chepulis , 26 , was arrested with wesley e .	brown iii in north bend , oregon .	the 26 - year - old brown , who is married with children , was classified as a felon in possession of a firearm .
the average british worker will sit through 6 , 239 meetings in their career .	they find most meetings ' pretty pointless' , it 's not surprising that one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting .
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1 .	4million copies of her colouring - in book for grown - ups , secret garden .	the follow - up , enchanted forest , is expected to do just as well art and flowers: the book is the most popular in its genre .
tim cook is rewarding his staff by offering them a 50 per cent discount on the device .	any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the us , uk , australia , canada , china , germany , hong kong and japan - will be eligible for a 50% discount on the standard model .
james paul harris , 30 , pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter .	victim 's brother , tom gerety , called the justice system ' a joke ' after learning how long harris would serve .
the 60 - year - old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country - two days .	he is alleged to have rejected the policies of sarkozy and his government .
david suchet , best known as the star of tv series poirot , is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases .	he has taken up the battle to ensure his grandson can receive treatment that could help him .
j . j . richardson and don mclean were sold for $1 .	2 million .	the original manuscript was released in christie 's home on tuesday .	the 16 - year - old pie is about ' heading in the [UNK] .
the vivid account is written by kate andersen brower , a former white house intern for bloomberg news in the residence: inside the private world of the white house .	she is expected to announce her candidacy this month .
the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 .	in a country where cows dominate the rural landscape , the discovery in an austrian cellar shocked scientists .
federal judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51 - year - old michelle - lael norsworthy violates her constitutional rights .	norsworthy has been in prison since 1987 , serving a life sentence for second - degree murder .
polish father , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk , and cannot even recall his own name .	all that he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of poland and has a daughter called lenka .
lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds , setting a new record for the year at the sichuan giant panda research centre .	it also means the chinese panda lasts longer than the average american man in bed , with your typical new mexico man making love for just over seven minutes .
researchers from the u.s. and oklahoma are the only five states in america that do not have a texting and driving mistake .	the study found that older drivers were more likely to make a texting or driving mistake than a younger driver .
david cameron tried to answer a question victoria prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces .	she challenged mr cameron because she wanted people to question the 1 per cent at the top who she claimed were not working in the country 's interests .
karen wakefield , who runs wishy washy , is due to appear in court after she refused to pay fines for taking her 13 - year - old daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to turkey .	the mother - of - two appeared in the show ' people like [UNK] .
mother - of - three danielle davis , 24 , was born with a cyst on the 21 - week scan .	she will never be able to see , but some children with the disease have no eyes .
researchers discovered more than two - thirds ( 69 per cent ) of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder .	antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders .
the touchstone of schuller 's storied ministry was sold to the roman catholic diocese of orange in 2011 , and schuller lost a legal battle the following year to collect more than $5 million from his former ministry for claims of copyright infringement and breach of contract .
witnesses described the six - foot , six - inches tall woman discovered in the caucasus mountains between georgia and russia as having ' all the characteristics of a wild animal ' - and covered in thick auburn hair .
the self - tanning shower ' enables a radiant scent to be achieved at the touch of a [UNK] .	and the sweet scent of garlic with musty smoked undertones smelt temptingly .
actress bought eight bedroom house in west sussex in 2013 .	the actress ' wants to build a 550ft - long sea defences to protect her home .	but natural england has recommended the planning application is refused .
gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear when he was befriended by one at a zoo .	the bear swims over to the water in a north american bear , which is believed to be in the water .
intricately - carved ornate bed was left in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for 2 , 200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .
amy johnson , 38 , allegedly assaulted a 16 - year - old worker at the shop in sydney 's inner west on thursday .	she claims that the fries had fallen out of their containers and the mcdonald 's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet .
justus howell , a 17 - year - old , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , zion , illinois .	he was hit by two tussled peet , 18 , and penetrated his heart , spleen and liver .	he said he met howell with the intention of selling him .
smokey da lamb has been turning heads in some of the city 's coolest neighborhoods ever since restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted him .	but now the couple - and smokey 's impressive legion of fans - have been left devastated after city officials demanded he is taken out of the metropolis .
the book of poetry gifted to george iii and letters from rear admiral sir samuel hood written during the american war of independence are among a treasure trove of documents released by royal archive yesterday .	the collection , which was amassed by george iii , has been digitised and the queen was at windsor castle for the launch .	other documents shown to the queen touch on some of the most important events in history .
the ideal temperature for sleep is down to the interior design of your bedroom .	sleep experts say it 's time to comfort your body and relax your mind .	furniture arrangements ninety per cent of britons say their sleep .
young job seekers are filling in application forms using ' txt spk ' - text speak .	forms saying: ' u.s. gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ' btw am out of work atm ' .
police went to a home in balch springs , texas , to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two - year - old child had died and a ' fall [UNK] .
the veggie ball does not have any animal content in the ingredients .	ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self - assembly furniture .	ikea sells 5million one billion of its regular meatballs every year .
natalie whitear , a mother - of - two , suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as ' face blindness ' .	the condition is so severe that she is able to draw her husband 's own face in the mirror .
the 21 - year - old was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the runway in pekan baru , sumatra , during a scheduled touch down to pick up passengers .	mr ambarita , 21 , climbed into the wheel housing when the plane stopped at the end of the airport in pekan - hatta airport .
sixteen and 17 - year - olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on the eu .	it comes as ukip was accused of performing yet another u - turn on its immigration policy .
eddie izzard , joey essex and sally lindsay came out in support of labour .	he said the party would offer a ' fair chance ' of ed miliband 's ' decent minimum ' plans .
leia , an eight - month - old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier .	footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep .	leia has garnered more than 145 , 000 likes .
simona trasca , a tv presenter known as ' romania 's pamela anderson' , said she was ' unhappy with her seventh boob job ' .	tv presenter oana zavoranu tried to blackmail dr valcu 1 , 500 .
audrey alexander , a 35 - year - old hedgerow , has left parts of her garden .	she said the decision was ' the final decision ' in the battle that involved two generations of the hedge .
all elephants will be phased out of the ring in an undisclosed , 200 - acre site .	some of the elephants will live out the rest of their lives in the center , while others will be used for breeding .
benioff was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill , calling it ' brutal ' and ' unjust ' and a new religious freedom restoration act out of the state .	the san francisco - based tech company has a total 2 , 000 employees in the washington .
the van was not injured in the crash 65 miles northeast of atlanta .	wormreich and the huntsville , alabama - based wormreich , were in the van .	eight others were injured , the georgia state patrol says .
cheyenne mountain complex is home to more than 1 , 000 personnel and is able to operate as an underground town for months with fresh water and food it shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from russia .
the hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off destin , florida , chasing after its next meal while two swimmers bask in the water just feet away . '	get out the water! '	cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the gulf of mexico .
asma fahmi took her ill mother to a matinee screening of les miserables in sydney , the last thing she expected was a violent racial attack on her and her family in broad daylight .	this was the second time that asma has been attacked in sydney in four years asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system .
jo gilchrist , 27 , was left writhing in pain on valentine 's day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine .	the 27 - year - old mother of one will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair .
the 68 - year - old secretary of state 's office has legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith .	the secretary of kentucky has said he will ' be talking about the title but never won the [UNK] .
hunter gatherers living in spain up to 8 , 500 years ago .	it was not until 7 , 800 years ago , when the first farmers migrated from the near east through turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared .
three men , two women and four children detained by soldiers at a checkpoint in ogulpinar .	they tried to slip across the border to an islamic state stronghold in syria .	it is believed the youngest of the four children are two and the eldest is .
u.s. attorney 's office says 48 - year - old john zelepos of north stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses .	prosecutors said he 's agreed to paying $234 , 407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties .
seven of the world 's most crocodiles left in the wild , making them the most endangered crocodilian species in the world .	the crocodiles will be released into the melbourne zoo to ensure they had a .
two inches of rain spilled into parts of indiana , but no injuries were immediately reported .	severe weather in missouri produced reports of more than three inches of rainfall near augusta , indiana .
33 - year - old and her husband henry hager already have a daughter , jenna , who turns two later this month , and jenna and henry hager .	she was on - hand to help her mother announce the news .
sir jeremy heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon would prefer a tory general election victory .	she told french ambassador sylvie bermann she would win the election on her twitter account .
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook 's decision to open up messenger .	lets you record a gif with filters and text and share it to your friends .
the body of an 85 year - old man was left for over a month .	the images show clean - up crews entering rubbish - strewn apartments .	the majority of the houses are dying alone and unnoticed by their families .
memories pizza in walkerton faced criticism this week after co - owner crystal o'connor expressed support for a new indiana religious objections law .	despite ' keeping a low profile ' crystal o'connor and her father kevin o'connor went on fox news on thursday to discuss their comments and and the backlash they've received .
new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men .	new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men .	new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men .
the 1 , 000 - resident development is proposed for next door to a popular cornwall theme park in cornwall .	noise levels are being tested on the rollercoaster at flambards in cornwall over the easter .
ms giffords , 44 , walked through the airport in california using a cane , hard - won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination in tucson , arizona .	the former u.s. representative , who is now an advocate for gun control , was accompanied by her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly , on the trip .
phobos will be able to study phobos and deimos , mars ' other moon , and potentially teleoperate rovers on the martian surface .	plan would use an orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from earth into orbit around the planet 's surface .
the university of sydney 's commercial arm , sydney learning , has run the pilot of a 17 - week bridging diploma in sydney 's sydney 's most expensive sydney private school .	tuition , sport and curricula fees for scot 's college , one of the college 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $30 , 000 .
the man who fell to earth was the first movie for the mamas and the papas .	the team has refused to categorize the new production team .	the show will be spearheaded by dutch ivo bowie 's music .
domenico rancadore lost his year - and - a - half prison sentence for his role in his role as a ' man of honour ' .	the 65 - year - old was jailed for a seven - year prison sentence .
martin hampton , 48 , was taken by ambulance to john peter hampton in fort worth , texas , where he was pronounced dead in the hospital .	the couple were taken by fort hampton , texas and texas .	hampton , critically injured from a gunshot wound to the head , was able to ' call 911 ' about the couple .
kimberly kimberly , 15 , left her home without medication and her family .	she has not been seen for a week , she said .	she left home without a walk and calm down at the home .
anthony bethell and st john 's college has been locked in a row over a stretch of scrubby bushes .	anthony bethell , 74 , claims he would pay for work to restore the ancient hedge .
dr alex russell , a sydney - based university lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years .	set aside at least four hours as part of his research .
amanda beringer , 33 , died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago .	the song was also a tribute to his father , peter , who lost his battle with the debilitating motor speech 10 years .
the money supermarket advert features a man walking down the street in the street .	the men in the ad were inspired by the ad for the ad .	the video was uploaded to the youtube video .
sydney couple epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries with only seven months to organise everything , epiphany , 23 , left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream , while carl , 27 , continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency .
julian 's first wife of the beatles singer said she was ' very saddened ' by the news .	cynthia , who married lennon , died at the age of 75 following a short battle with cancer .	her son julian 's website said he was ' proud ' that she was a ' wonderful mother ' .	cynthia lennon , 74 , married lennon in 1962 and stayed with him .
anthony ray hinton , who was convicted of two 1985 murders , was sentenced to 30 years on the death row .	the supreme court is expected to be released from the jefferson county jail on friday .	prosecutors say hinton was innocent and that he was convicted because he was at his home .
12 - year - old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow , and has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder .	her fearsome sound , bluey is said to be gentle and loving , and is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner .
obama took aim at russia , china and iran as he revealed an executive order which will allowthe u.s. treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on ' critical ' american computer networks .
nhs still hasn't introduced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak english - something the nhs still hasn't introduced .	revealing plans to open a school of nursing in isis ' de facto capital raqqa , the extremists also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers .	among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age , must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing , china , is five metres longer than a skywalk at the grand canyon in china .	the new ' skywalk ' observation deck in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point .
noreen spendlove had the scan as part of the nhs breast cancer screening programme .	in 2000 , the upper limit was extended to 70 , with women aged 50 to 64 invited for a mammogram .
laura sumner , 24 , has been ordered to leave the country within ten days after being branded a ' spy ' .	it claimed she was one of a number of russian students carrying out research .
detlef gunezel chopped polish - born wojciech stempniewicz intosmall pieces .	he was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead .	but prosecutors said they stopped short of their demand because he wanted to die .
chelsea now runs the family philanthropy along with her parents .	hillary and chelsea clinton foundation did not respond to a request for comment about whether payne 's recollection is accurate .	but that snippet from america 's hidden history is just the tip of the iceberg .
six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes each week .	one in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far this year .	women were less likely to feel that their partner pulled their homes .
malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told abc news chief health correspondent , dr .	richard besser , in an interview that aired on good morning america .	obama is pictured here in 2004 with his wife michelle and their daughters malia , right , age 6 , and sasha , left , age 3 .
the energy giant has been ordered to pay 7 .	75million to pay a 7 .	7million fine .	the firm agrees to pay 300 , 000 to customers and pay 12million to customers .
pope francis is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening .	thousands of people congregate outside the colosseum for tonight 's way of the cross procession .	pope francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom .
42 per cent of those polled say they supported shale gas extraction .	only 24 per cent said they supported fracking in a department of energy and climate change public attitudes survey published in february .
the bus broke down on the way to the stagecoach depot in dover , kent .	the unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers , colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand .
zayn has been accused of cheating on zayn 's relationship with zayn 's marriage .	he was accused of ' cheating ' on his marriage to ashley richardson .	cheryl fernandez - who has been charged with cheating on cheating .
hannah brierley , 16 , thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot - long northern pine snake .	it was found by 16 - year - old mother , karen marriott , to capture the white snake .
19 firefighters died while battling a massive woodland blaze says he was told it was an order from the group 's supervisor led to their deaths in june 2013 .	prescott city attorney jon paladini claims the fire 's sole survivor , lookout brendan mcdonough , heard the leader of the granite mountain hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned .	fatal orders ?	</s> <s> the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 .
us - based barrick gold , which boasts that it is the worlds leading gold mining company , reached the out - of - court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us .	one of the women was just a 14 - year - old girl attending school in the northern enga province when she was raped in 2010 .
tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart .	but they don't have to have to have to cook , or have much contact with their family .	all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs .
less than 50 ships remain in the ndrf bay , where less than 120 ships remain .	the worst affected is the suisun bay reserve fleet , with 122 ships remain , less than 122 ships .
april 2 is autism awareness day and people may be oblivious that man 's best friend are actually ' kid 's best friend' , with pups changing the lives of many children with autism often have difficulty with social interactions and their verbal and non - verbal communication skills may be badly affected .
one - year - old dog was hit by a car and left for dead in a farm in washington state .	the dog was discovered at a nearby farm with a hammer and placed her in the head with a dislocated jaw .
the patent was filed by the california - based firm in march 2011 .	it details a method of scanning a user 's face and unlocking the device .	the device is held in front of the face , the screen automatically unlocks automatically .
sudanese mother , 35 , was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 toyota kluger when it crashed into the lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west just before 4pm on wednesday .	one - year - old twins madit and anger all died after the 4wd they were in plunged into the water .	police say akon guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children .
researchers found that during recovery periods of exercise , it didn't matter what food was eaten .	11 male athletes were asked to fast for 12 hours , before a 90 - minute endurance workout .	two hours later , all participants were given gatorade , carbohydrates and powerbar .
luke may have been missing for days of search for the missing 11 - year - old .	he was last seen on the national park on friday and has not been missing since the search for luke 's family .	he has now been updating his family and friends for the search .
fossils of a creature bearing a ' striking ' similarity to depictions of nessie have been found in a 19th century collection .	originally belonging to cromarty writer and geologist , hugh miller , the specimens now sit ininverness museum and art gallery .	he saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature .
a small piece of glass was discovered in a beech nut - nutrition baby food jar by a consumer .	the type of glass piece was found in a jar of glass jars in the product .
the great wall is thought to be built along the ruins of the qin dynasty great wall in hebei province and the ningxia region .	the university said the full range of the original wall is ' not a great wall ' and is ' a historic achievement ' for the first time .
danny eckhart was intoxicated , his former co - workers in st .	tammany parish say , when he took the vessel out on the tchefuncte river and smashed it into pilings outside the t - rivers bar in madisonville .	however , eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated .
luke lazarus , a 23 - year - old former private school boy , was jailed for three years .	lazarus said he was ' developing ' a ' new risky behaviour ' education program .
labour leader , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature .	labour leader ed miliband decided not to take up ipses offer to outline his views on the 4 .	5 million self - employed .
the owners in huddersfield , west yorkshire , began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn .	neighbours have also reported issues with drains , streetlights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and the architrave , loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street .
two of his children were taken into care after being taken into contact with him .	holpin paints himself as a 40 - year - old woman in the fourth time .	holpin is said to have cost taxpayers 4 .	3m in benefits .
new study has found thatchildren who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory .	the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention , select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task .
ramiro james villegas , 22 , was shot dead by police after crashing his car in a high - speed chase .	police officer aaron stringer , a 22 - year - old , was killed by police in bakersfield , california .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat incottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .	the 25 - year - old worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .
bae system 's typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter 's positioning and accuracy .	to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , experts must build the jet on ' floating ' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon .
leza davies , a mother - of - three , says her boob job saved her life .	she was told she had a boob job when she knocked her breast implant on a door frame .	she says she was happy with her new breasts , but she was pregnant .
14 - year - olds has been shared thousands of times online as people have tried to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question .	the test was set for14 - year - olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday .	they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said .	police said they now consider the case to be closed .
the 71 - year - old son - in - law has been charged with securities and wire fraud .	he was charged with $4million in brides and kickbacks for 60 years in the scheme .
cheng chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother .	he spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements , it was reported bypeople 's daily online .	the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack .
sainsbury 's app is in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year .	as customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices .
frances clarkson , 53 , spent the easter weekend with friends and family on the caribbean island where she sunbathed and drove a jet ski .	she has previously holidayed in the area with the 54 - year - old broadcaster but the pair , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years .
sam barton has had 55 , 000 of cosmetic surgery - including two operations on the nhs - believes the culprits tracked him down using his facebook posts and then attacked him in the street .	the 22 - year - old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house .
amy wilkinson , 28 , claimedhousing benefit and council tax benefit even though she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner .	she admitted two counts of dishonestly making false representations to claim housing benefit .
wallaby caught on camera delivering a jab to an unsuspecting wombat .	the wombat was grazing in a victorian national park in the gippsland region .	onlookers were shocked by the actions of the wallaby .
wesley bell jr .	louis suburb where poor race relations have been a focal point since the august shooting death of an 18 - year - old black by a white police officer .	the election means that half of the 21 , 000 residents are black , will now be african - american .	this just over one month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city .
director of policy and external affairs at the national housing federation , ruth davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes .	but just as she did not advertise the fact that she is a member of her local labour party in islington , north london , neither has she revealed just how comfortable her own house is a member of her local labour party in islington , north london .
the former secretary of state hillary clinton is in the granite state this week for her first oval office in new hampshire .	she says she is ' just going to continue a lot of anything ' .	she said clinton ' grizzled ' from a life in politics .
phone belonged to bella crooke from melbourne was handed in to albury police station on the nsw - victoria border on sunday morning .	police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station on bella 's facebook page .
stephanie scott has paid tribute to the much - loved teacher by filling the sky with brightly coloured hot - air balloons in a spectacular display .	as the balloons hovered above the small community of canowindra in the central west region of nsw , hundreds gathered on sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride - to - be .	when we heard about stephanie we decided to have a tribute .
bt , a third of parents polled said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep .	eurythmics ' there must be an angel came second on the top ten , followed by vanilla ice 's ice ice baby , while more current hits from pitbull , ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut .
a study of 2 .	3 million parents have pinpointed 7 .	35am as the most hectic time of day in australian households .	sophie falkiner , australian tv presenter and mother of two , believes nuts are high in protein and good protein .
tiny babies are more sensitive to pain than adults , according to a study of the study of an study of its kind .	the study suggests that the brains of very young babies are not developed enough to pain .
the mother - to - be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother .	injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door .	it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time .
boris johnson and george osborne have promised 30 million each for the scheme .	they want to look into the scheme ahead of a judicial review next month .	the bridge will close for private , corporate events .
the self - styled mirreyes ( my kings ) , with their champagne and sports cars , are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands .	in a country where people take in an average of $12 , 850 per year after taxes .
25 - year - old man was left brain damaged as a baby after doctors at the luton and dunstable hospital failed to administer a vitamin k injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding .	he now requires 24 - hour care and will do for the rest of his life .
wu - tang clan had sex with ex - lia - tang and accused of sleeping with her ex - husband lia palmquist .	the wu - was tenth member of the ' bust - down ' is ' [UNK] .
st mary 's hospital in kings lynn , norfolk , is the first member of the royal family to be born outside london for 85 years .	the royal berkshire in reading and queen elizabeth hospital in the hospital has been told to prepare in case she goes into labour .
dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company .	inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape , dustin wong , 31 , has journeyed from the arctic circle to australia , capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world .
the 50 - year - old has been charged with the murder of unarmed black [UNK] walter scott , 50 , who was fatally shot five times in the back in north charleston , south carolina on saturday .	a separate fundraising campaign was started on site , indiegogo , titled the ' michael t . slager!
robert durst , in new orleans , pleaded not guilty to two charges against him .	durst , 71 , has been charged in the case of a longtime friend in a new orleans court on weapons charges .	durst is being held without bail in the wake of a cold case .
russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old , leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation , or even the work of aliens .	experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer that the screw is in fact a fossilised sea creature .
the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in jalalabad .	nato confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack , without providing the nationality of the slain soldier , as is the coalition 's policy .
stacey eden , a 23 - year - old , stood up for a muslim couple 's mosque on wednesday .	ms eden stood up to a middle - aged woman who was the subject of the incident .	she has been ' surrounded by the [UNK] .
the 58 - year - old actress took a leave of absence from broadway play ' fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published bypeoplemagazine on tuesday .	she explained her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week .
the oscar - winning possessions are going up for up sale at auction house bonhams .	lord attenborough made his big - screen debut in the 1942 film in jurassic park .	he was an avid collector of the most magical moments in cinema .
john t .	booker jr , was detained in manhattan , kansas , on friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses , includingattempting to use a weapon of mass destruction .	the 20 - year - old , who refers to himself as muhammad abdullah hassan , is said to have targeted nearby fort riley and planned to use a 1 , 000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill ' people with power' .
tiffany aching , a witch - in - training who has featured in four of sir terry 's books to date , first appeared in the wee free men in 2003 .	sir terry published his fist discworld novel , the colour of magic , in 1983 .
the seat won the passenger comfort hardware award at the crystal cabin awards in hamburg , germany .	sitting at one - and - a - half times the width of a standard seat .
ramon c .	estrada , 62 , was set to be sentenced to death in less than three weeks after he died sunday at the prison in draper , utah .	the 62 - year - old was scheduled to be held in the u.s. , but a technician did not say up for a scheduled treatment for two days in a row .
her lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully stage - managed small - business roundtable in keene .	but a lunchtime visit to a main - street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off - the - books and under the public 's radar .
two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition .	the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after a car plunged into the la harbor .
janet street - porter said she had no idea of the snp 's light - hearted comment ' ugly , wrong , wrong , someone who deserves to die ' .	in the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign , everything is up for the snp .
dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in greencastle , county .	one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle .
chloe pearsall , 26 , was told she was working in a care home in bretton , cambridgeshire .	she said she was living in a brothel but told her she was going to be killed .	the four workers waged their hate - abuse campaign throughout 2013 .
luke shambrook was sitting on the side of a campsite in the fraser national park north - east of melbourne .	he was sitting alone and forlorn on the hill when he went missing from the campsite at the fraser hospital .
men - two men and a 25 - year - old collapsed on the boat on saturday .	police say they found cocaine , marijuana and mdma during the boat .	police believe at least one man is suspected of ' blue scissors' .
the outfit was made by a viennese tailor , who was known to have been ill for much of the war air force chief hermann goering .	goering , who founded the outfit , was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large police .
the painting was looted by the nazis from its jewish owner during the second world war .	the 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called karola fabri .	it turned up in britain in 1962 and was donated to the tate in 1986 .
the tiger cub fell in to a pool of water and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue .	the zoo will be accepting suggestions for the quadruplets ' names from the public in may .
the intrepid social media giants were sent by europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days , and post their findings with the hashtag #movingskyewards .	their findings have been seen by a combined following of over a million users .
new , single - use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin .	their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin .
de blasio 's roof was discovered in the mansion 30 - year - old gracie mansion last month .	the cost of removing the asbestos will be completed by october or the october or november .
the kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites .	the pictures show the women in three set poses in the competition .
chris who is known as chris by uk soldiers , was badly injured in the attack .	his son muhammad claims he was abandoned by the uk government .	he says it is one of several attempts to kill or kidnap him because of his time .
the couple appeared not to ' mind being in full view ' on the hottest day of the year .	temperatures reached 25c in some parts of the uk as temperatures reaching 25c in the uk .
many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather .	the cumbrian expanse is the largest natural lake in the country and its watery holes to dip your toe into the pool .
bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film .	within the first seven minutes , bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell .	he could have severed his spine and lack of consciousness .
the school tweeted out a statement saying the decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression .	the movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location , harpers statement read .	we recognize , however , that some students are uncomfortable with the content of the movie .
the mother - of - five clare van santen , 37 , has been told she was pregnant with her fifth child .	she was told she had breast cancer and had a mastectomy , and her son was born happy and more importantly , and she was born .
michelle schwab has been charged with child endangerment after she allegedly dangled her child over the 10 - foot - deep enclosure in cleveland metroparks zoo before he slipped and fell .	visitors heard a scream at 3pm on saturday and looked to see schwab , 38 , and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the child , who was treated for a leg injury .
dr victor ramirez , 52 , of the mexican state of the gold coast , died on the day of the death of her death in march this year .	the 29 - year - old has been admitted to hospital quirurgico del valle in mexicali , the capital city of baja california .
the first ever mid - air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the navy 's x - 47b drone .	the drone is about the size of an f/a - 18 super hornet , weighs in at 44 , 000 lb ( 20 , 000kg ) .
hotel staff found the body of pregnant charmain speirs face - down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days .	her husband eric isaiah adusah a self - proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher has been charged with her murder .
patrons called police sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the dunkin ' donuts on arundel mills boulevard in hanover .	according to anne arundel county police , an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area .	the woman , 21 - year - old palak bhadreskumar patel , died at the scene , police said in a news release .
the 2 ready meal was bought in spytty retail park near the couples home in newport , iceland within the last two weeks .	iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into the timber shard .
police say they repeatedly told j .	b . silverthorn of orchard park , new york , to not drive home fromgrand island town court on monday night after they noticed he ' smelled of alcohol ' and was ' intoxicated' .	but the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies .
hernandez was booked at mci cedar junction in walpole , a prison just across the freeway from gillette stadium .	he was arrested under suspicion of murdering odin lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiance at the time .	on wednesday , a 12 - person jury found hernandez guilty , sentencing him to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of odin lloyd .
the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint .	but an animal lover 's appeal for help led to a south african tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb .
google spent $1 .	6 million to obama 's two white house campaigns .	google spent $16 .	8 million on lobbying campaign last year .	more than half of obama 's state of the white house more than $1 . 6m .
a ' blokey ' joke book on sale at river island was displayed in the high street brand 's river island .	the joke was first tweeted by media commentator tim doble via @betterthantoday who was shocked when he noticed the joke in the book on the shop .
the 58 - year - old actress took a leave of absence from broadway play ' fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published bypeoplemagazine on tuesday .	she explained her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week .
the 36 - year - old has been in a relationship with the manchester city star for fiver years , and says building a bond with his children has been a careful - out process .	the irish tv star has revealed that he has a tough role to take on .
michelle obama 's lunch was posted on social media this week .	the lunch was ' concerning ' the lunch is in compliance with michelle obama .	the images were posted on twitter by michelle obama and michelle obama again .
more than a 18 - month - old baby and three were trapped on a sandbank at blackpool beach .	they were perched on the edge of the river thames after watching the rowing race .
the hbo series is based on sky atlantic in the series of the night 's fifth series .	it is the first time in the history , which is being held in the uk .
jade ruthven , 6 months old , was so upset by a letter saying she is ' p*****g a lot of people ' .	she wrote her ' poison pen ' and said she was ' p*****g .
jeff edwards , 63 , is the world 's largest breed of rabbit rabbit jeff the rabbit .	jeff 's rabbit measures 3ft 8in ( three and a half stone ) .	continental giants are the size of growing to do .
the 20 - year - old was high on cannabis when he crashed into the car .	he was described as ' inseparable ' when he lost control of the crash .	the accident happened at the time of the accident and was found in a funeral .
laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see .	but the appointment was met ' with a stony silence ' by the vatican , according to french media .
german detectives are looking to find out whether any dna was recovered from the scene of the easter weekend .	thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break - in at the volksbank in scotland .
former illinois governor has return to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician .	blagojevichwas infamously caught trying to sell barack obama 's u.s. senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 .
gao yu , a 71 - year - old journalist , has been jailed for seven years for ' illegally providing state secrets to foreigners ' .	gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling party named ' document number 9 ' to hong kong media outlet .
the four - year - old prince frederik , 38 , and prince daniel , 12 , and felix , and their four children were all in their home .	the royals appear to attend the ceremony .
two men , who are believed to have had military training , have been described as ' armed and extremely [UNK] ' .	the men are seen on surveillance video pointing their guns at bank employees ' heads .	the fbi is offering $10 , 000 for information .
gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove the definition of them as ' swindlers ' from the spanish dictionary .	protest letters were delivered to members of spain 's royal language academy .	the gypsy secretariat foundation , which are leading the campaign , are hoping to use it to raiseawareness of discrimination against gypsies .
sheriff stanley glanz told a press conference on monday that the fbi had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of eric harris by reserve deputy robert bates , a 73 - year - old reserve deputy , says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot eric harris while attempting to help other deputies take harris into custody .
nuku vanonyi cudjoe - calvocoressi , the 41 - year - old was head of politics at st george 's school in ascot .	he was caught on video exposing himself to a woman on a train .	he has been banned from teaching for five years .
classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby .	in scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three - day spring steam gala which saw crowds flock to witness the annual event .
idaho firm behind the systemhas already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the us , letting anyone play with cats via the system - and plans to sell a version for pet owners via kickstarter next month .
len barnes , 57 , from stockton , has been cured of the severe bowel infection clostridium difficile after undergoing a faecal transplant .	the 52 - year - old 's stools were tested to ensure they were suitable and free from harmful bacteria .
kevin spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the ' sucks ' domain taken down .	so far , purchased names have been sold by resellers for around $2 , 000 a year .
paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus , which lived around 70 million years ago .	some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during their lives .
john travolta spoke to the tampa bay times while promoting his upcoming film the film .	he said his decades of personal experience in the film have been nothing .	travolta said it was ' so happy with his experience ' in the last .
more than 10 , 000 accounts used by supporters of the social network last week .	twitter has suspended more than 100 , 000 messages from the terror group .	it is claimed to be linked to the ' operation department ' campaign .
savannah baby and a baby in atlanta was born at memorial university medical center in atlanta .	this is the second year for the tax day baby in 2015 .	the event is also part of a tax day for the first time in a year .
rachelle and chris chapman will welcome their baby girl into the world on april 18 , thanks to an old friend who asked them to let her be their surrogate .	the baby will be born near laurel 's home in asheville , north carolina , four hours from the chapmans rachelle .
the shooter was shot and killed in the showdown with a man in his 30s or 40s .	the shooter had non - life threatening injuries .	the suspect was shot several times in a showdown with the suspect .
jeffrey walker told jurors that he stole $15 , 000 at a time in a fbi sting .	he said he developed a cut of the money stolen or skimmed from the drug suspects .
new zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who wore a ' distinctive ' cartoon mask .	he made off with the dairy 's till and about $1500 in cash on saturday .	police are reportedly called to the robber .
four out of ten muslims agreed they had ' a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of jihadi john .	eight per cent agreed they were ' compatible ' with british values and the british .
the lowy institute report says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a ' serious national security threat ' .	the new report comes days after the news of the death of the 14 - year - old daughter sharky jama , who was killed in syria .
study published in the lancetfound mindfulness - based cognitive therapy ( mbct ) .	researchers found patients on a mbct course suffered almost the same rate of recurrence as they taking anti - depressants .
tim albin , of the tulsa county sheriff 's office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates , 73 .	bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead eric harris , 44 , after he was tackled to the ground .	video of the killing shows bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident , and apologizing .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , told raleigh 's wral - tvon wednesday that he killed lane earlier this week in north carolina because lane had made sexual advances to stancil 's 16 - year - old brother .	stancil said lane was looking for stancil on facebook and found his brother .
american company claims to have invented a ' teabag ' that can make a lager into a craft beer in just two minutes .	the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes as ' craft beer' .
abraham lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site , even as they commemorate the 150th anniversary of the u.s. civil war president 's assassination .	gov . bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists .
ambra battilana , 22 , claims he assaulted her at his tribeca grand hotel on friday night .	she arranged to meet with him at the tribeca office in manhattan on thursday night .	weinstein has spoken to police and denies the allegations .
the disease has robbed 11 - year - old damon , from gladstone in central queensland .	he has almost doubled in size due to swelling so much it almost closed his throat .	he was rushed to hospital .
warren rodwell was held against his home in the philippines by gunpoint on december 5 , 2011 .	he was released in march 2013 when his family managed to behead him .	mr rodwell said he would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event .
police continued to look for anjelica ' aj ' hadsell , 18 , who has been missing since march 2 , and focused on a pond near carrsville after a new tip .	local resident steve hines said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the longwood university freshman 's phone .
lexy wood , 13 , and her brother nick , 16 , were approached after the screening by mrs boyd , who said that her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies for a while .
nick robinson made a brief return to tv screens last night .	he said he was listening to his doctors and speech therapist .	he returned to the campaign last night with his voice sounded weak and strained .
the al qaeda - linked networks have altered their tactics since the fugitive stole intelligence files from gchq and the us national security agency , according to a report .	the think - tank has a ' gift to terrorists' .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second - degree murder in the death of garnett - paul spears at a suburban new york hospital .	the new york judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ' unfathomable in its cruelty .
marcel hirscher added a little extra flare to his downhill slalom run by bringing the pistes alive with a colourful display .	the skier teamed up with the red bull media house and starelation to create the unusual stunt , using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around .
hanan , 19 , was snatched from her family in mosul , iraq , where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants .	she and six others were taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a magazine .
the victim , mike lane , 40 , was beaten by balaclava - clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes , condemned the decision by police as pathetic .	the attack at everleigh , near amesbury , took place even though the 30 riders and their hounds were chasing only an artificial scent , rather than a fox .
xiao zhengti , five , was born with a liver condition meaning he had to have his first major surgery at just nine months old .	the boy 's body rejected the organ , leading to years of trips to hospital , until fatherxiao kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday .
the remains are thought to belong to a 35 - year - old woman who was buried around 18 , 700 years ago .	her body was found in the el mirn cave in cantabria , spain .
james ritchie was forced to resign from his role as women 's officer .	he was voted into the job at the university 's tasmanian university union .	mr ritchie was elected to the role of women 's anti - officer .
alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an mri scan at the animal health trust clinic in newmarket , suffolk .	the pet , who is also completely deaf , had the scan , last month after his owner lynne edwards from huntington in cambridgeshire , noticed a lump behind his ear .	she then took him to a local vet , where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns in his back .
carnival spirit are at the mercy of the wild seas as storms batter the east coast - with the massive swell , seen from video images shot from on - board , showing just how treacherous and stomach churning the conditions are , out there .	one has told the daily telegraphthat ' there was a large wave that hit at 7 .	30 last night that tore one of the doors off causing a whole lot of water to come flooding through the deck' .
social services minister scott morrison will announce the reforms .	the four - month - old children under the age of seven are not vaccinated .	tony abbott will announce reforms to strip parents of immunisation .
capybara joejoe lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy .	he has near 5 , 000 facebook followers and his head in the las vegas .	his owner , cody kennedy , has almost 60 , 000 followers .
elio canestri was reported to be surfing off the coast of reunion a week ago .	reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years .	australia 's 11 attacks were lower than the previous .
" what is the age of consent ? '	alex tom , a freemason , who was the first contestant to press his answer to a question about the ' age of 16 ' .	the u.s. varies between 16 and 18 depending on twitter .
jack jordan , 23 , was told he was too ill to undergo a bone marrow transplant .	he was given the news that he was ' too ill ' for the operation and has just weeks to live .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday , it was reported .	they have now been found safe and well iona costello 's husband george , the co - owner of costello marine in greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 .
a new book by former education journalist david turner , the old boys , lays bare the little - known history .	the new book was inspired by david cameron 's comparison to flashman in tom brown 's school days .
the couple 's 10 - year - old sister , georgia , was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re - arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her former student .	audrey fualaau was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998 .
set in a remote valley in north - west corner of the state , the shire of montana .	located in trout creek , about 100 miles south of the us - canada border .	there is a guest house inspired by author jrr tolkiens fantasy novels .
the 62 - year - old has lived at the bathtub in the garden of the bathtub .	the home was bought by garrett for $932 , 500 in 2010 .	it is the first time to be auctioned off for at least $1 . 5million .
warner bros and cardiff attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours .	the event kicked off in queensland , australia , with a celebration at the movie world australia movie world .
the novelty sized pumpkins displayed at this year 's show were served to the asian elephants at the popular sydney zoo on friday morning .	the pumpkins were recycled by being served as the largest pumpkin in the sydney zoo in sydney on the show .	the record - holder had enjoyed pride of place at the great sydney zoo .
elijah cook was confirmed to be profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right , the couple from andova , minnesota .	doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible what 's that noise ?	: elijah will now undergone a more serious set of tests in a few months .
xue feng returned to his family in houston , texas , on friday following his release from beijing 's no .	2 prison .	he served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior .
matthew hall , a 25 - year - old , has been banned from the area nearby for five years .	he climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester 's fashionable northern quarter district .
sarah and russell have two children and one - year - old matilda in new york .	william and russell prepare for the x factor finals in the new york for four stressful years .	after years of heartbreak , sarah and husband russell have three children .
frederick 's of hollywood has shut down all of its brick - and - mortar sites .	the los angeles - based company has switched to a web - only retail model following the closure of the magazine .
jay kantaria , 38 , from north - west london , died instantly from a severe traumatic brain injury .	he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill , north london .	coroner records an open verdict on cause of death .
alex perry said he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney top of the second time in two decades .	perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row .
sarah wilson , 41 , explained how anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she ' couldn't see the point of continuing ' .	she said ' people get on with their lives ' and while she hadn't found a husband , nor had children , she felt increasingly isolated .	ms wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the ' new depression' .
investigators are learning more about the gangster lifestyle they led - despite attending top private schools bankrolled by their mother roxanne dube , canada 's consul general in miami .	jean was shot dead the boys had recently moved to live with their mother in a gated community at the heart of the affluent coral way district .
ba di doll has appeared at wanda plaza commercial complex in eastern china 's nanjing city .	her chest is a ball pit , and there is also an area for youngsters to test their climbing skills and play on a slide .
david etzel , 36 , is accused of biting his mother 's 10 - year - old dog .	the dog 's owner michele etzel told deputies that her son , etzel , had been held on $10 , 000 bail .	etzel said she never intends to speak to her .
the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt in separate interviews on tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington .	marijuana is a gateway drug , ' christie said , citing an ' enormous addiction problem in this country .
supreme court chief justice john roberts reported for a jury duty in rockville , maryland on wednesday .	he was a nurse and his brother - in - law , who works with the indiana state police .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouseingoldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida .	he is accused of shooting 44 - year - old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .	he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday .
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted , in its revised publication on marijuana , that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients .	the drug is not recognised by the us food and drug administration .
rilie carey learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mother .	she posted the video on facebook with the caption: ' my four - year - old daughter .
ashley pegram , a 28 - year - old mother - of - three , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on the evening of april 3 .	her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account .	he has now been charged with obstructing justice bonilla .
christine lillico , 47 , from heddon - on - the - east , was trusted with looking afterher elderly parents ' bank accounts as their health deteriorated with age .	but instead of using the money to care for john and audrey air , lillico had stolen a total of 78 , 000 .	newcastle crown court heard in the last months of his life because of his daughter 's crimes .	the mother - of - two has been jailed for 20 months .
flight attendants from around the globe have taken their frustration to social media toshame feral passengers with annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock .	they include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger 's head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary .	the images , captured by anonymous travellers , were posted on former flight attendant shawn kathleen 's instagram account passenger shaming .
kevin carr , 34 , from woolacombe , devon , ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years and crossing the world .	he began his epic voyage athaytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days , one of the previous record .
77 - year - old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car .	the 77 - year - old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car .	the 77 - year - old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car .
haley fox , 24 , and 26 - year - old samuel campbell , 26 , were charged with first - degree assault .	she has been charged with the murder of a baseball bat at the home of samuel fox .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane .	kim sears , 52 , and kim erskine , 27 , are close friends with andy 's grandmother .	kim 's reply to the town 's initials of the couple 's initials and wedding .
marie coffey won the competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse , titledtrue love .	the winner of the competition was held at the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle .
lawrence phillips is suspected of killing damion soward , 41 , who was serving a sentence of more than 31 years in los angeles .	he is accused of killing his cellmate in a central california prison .	he was jailed for 42 years for a first - degree murder .
andrew ' drew ' butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother - of - three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose , california , in front of the couple 's two - year - old son and her teenage daughter .	police said gonzalez and butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off .
ashton wood raised $18 , 000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems .	he is now campaigning for the united states 's lemon laws to be introduced in australia .	mr wood launched a kickstarter campaign to raise $22 , 500 .
joelison da silva , 28 , was charmed by her height he was ' charmed ' by her .	the former gold medalist admits their huge height difference has left a few people bewildered .	he was crowned brazil 's tallest champion .
the 41 - year - old was technically dead for an amniotic fluid embolism .	her son , felix , had a cardiac arrest during a caesarean section .	mrs wilson had a amniotic cardiac arrest and was given birth to a baby .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10 .	30pm on saturday inside a jail in dhaka .	the assistant secretary general of the jamaat - e - islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war and was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers .
simon murray , 23 , of afour , essex , was a ' single mother ' .	she was challenged and told she would be ' annoyed ' by her actions .	her friend said she was ' rude ' to people with her hand .
ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis , 31 , gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday .	police said mitchell ran several red lights before driving into mr davis , and his co - worker , rayvorris altuan oliver , 27 , with his rented 2015 dodge charger .
sammy griner , a eight - year - old woman , is eight years old .	she is better known as the face of the ' success kid ' meme .	his mother , justin , needs for the kidney transplant and years of the kidney .
billy thompson was last seen on saturday at the sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom .	his older brother disappeared three days ago in the wake of the cancellation of the mother of his children .
7 , 000 people have been forced to take part in a self - improvement mission .	the rules of a drum pounding in the region are going numb on the cold , hard concrete and the ground is damp .
google , apple and microsoft are being peppered with the australian arms of technology giants google , which are being audited by the australian tax office .	mr clarke said the australian newspaper operates as a ' finest office operating ' when it is not profitable .	ms milne said the report was ' finest national newspaper operating in australia' .
dating app users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .	tinder claims it has improved its mutual friends .	tinder rolled out tinder plus , tinder claims .
austin carey , 23 , and jay rawe , 25 , were jumping again from the perrine bridge .	the 23 - year - old had fractures to his balance and trying to jump from the bridge .	mr carey was told he may never walk again after being injured .
six men accused of exploding a car bomb in a syrian city of al - mayadin .	the video shows a large crowd gathering to watch the bloody execution of the men it claims are soldiers fighting for syrian president bashar al - assad .
secret ukip - commissioned poll shows farage has fallen behind tory opponent in the kent seat he is contesting .	if the poll is accurate , it could end up with a cover - up .
' opulent ' maisonette , 90 , was one of five properties in the london park .	the couple 's main marital home had been a 26m ' palatial residence ' in jeddah , saudi arabia .	the judge ruled that she should be awarded 566 , 045 per year for the 75 , 000 .
dr arye shimron has linked the james ossuary a 1st - century chalk box that some believe hold the bones of jesus ' brother to the long disputed jesus family tomb in the citys east talpiot neighbourhood .	the research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that jesus was married , fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place .
the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest - rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports ' annualsurvey , and this year it was rated number 67 , the second worst supermarket .	as it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63 , 000 readers surveyed by the magazine , walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce .
stars , buyers and fashion editors in the ' frow ' are often showered with treats from the show sponsors .	each front row guest was given a personalised bag at the show perks .
sarah foot has taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk .	the most perfect swim of the year is in scotland , off the east coast of scotland .
the duke of wellington is on display at the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .	it was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to the first time for the battle 's bicentenary .
new study has found the oral contraceptive shrinks two key regions of the brain , changing the way they function .	the findings suggest the synthetic hormones found in the pill cause these alterations in brain structure and function .
martynas kupstys , 26 , was jailed for life for the murder of ivans zdanovics along with his brother - in - law .	he was sentenced to life for life at lincoln crown court .	the court heard that he was free to go to the prison for life .
17 - year - oldshassan munshi and talha asmal are believed to have traveled to the embattled country after heading to turkey on march 31 .	hassan is supposedly related to hammaad munshi , who was arrested by counter - terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006 .
bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month .	starbucks says the drink is inspired by the ' the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores ' .	starbucks lovers took to twitter to express their opinion .
izzat ibrahim al - douri had died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province , north of baghdad , on friday .	today , his body was returned to baghdad and delivered to the ministry of health as crowds gathered to get a closer look at the ' king of clubs' .
silvia is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house .	she is seen hiding her tiny rocks outside her house in her home .	pica can be very dangerous when she walks around the house .
wilson beach is the wife of tv actor michael beach , known for his roles on sons of anarchy , third watch and er .	the image has been shared more than 211 , 000 times and has been liked on facebook .
andrew tyler , a mother - of - four , has been collecting royal memorabilia for more than 40 years .	she says she has no plans to stop her and describes it as a ' labour of love ' .	mrs tyler , 71 , has met several members of the queen and prince charles .
national broadcaster nhk said waves were possible on several islands in the southern okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on yonaguni in the southwest , near taiwan .	witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage in the taiwan capital .
the 26 - year - old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , leeton high school on april 5 .	school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .	ms scotts body was found by police in cocoparra national park .	tomorrow will be stephanies funeral all are welcome to pay your respects .
new figures released by mod show that since 2008 , 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues after having been prescribed lariam .	despite lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - being banned by the u.s. military due to concerns over side effects , the mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it in what critics say is an escalating ' scandal' .
fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 african migrants from libya to sicily , after which the men were thrown to their deaths .	a group of 15 men have now been arrested on suspicion of ' multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate , ' palermo police said in a statement .
mack was in hospital fighting for her life in one - year relationship .	she has to wear a wig and glasses and is still undergoing reparative dental work .	koppenhaver , who has to look in the mirror , has been beaten by another man .
scottish national party has extended its huge lead over labour , polling showed last night .	jim murphy , its chief election strategist , are among those on course to lose their seats .	survey of eight constituencies , by lord ashcroft , revealed swings to the snp on a scale which would be unprecedented in modern european politics .
the crew of the kuznetsov , russia 's largest warship , have come up with an old mig - 15 engine to the front of a tractor , and use the contraption as a huge leaf - blower .
william and kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this morning .	royal aides say they will head to anmer after the birth of the new - born piglets .	william and george were enjoying the first time at kensington palace .
the ice cream & ice cream is best for dinner parties best for a ice cream makers .	the removable bowl has an inner , freezable gel layer has to be frozen for eight hours .
researchers found evidence in rock deposits from ancient rivers in colombia of the land bridge that originated in panama and were 13 million years ago .	the event is known as the central american seaway .
ted cruz says he believes states have the right to put decriminalization laws on the books if they want - even though they directly conflict with federal law .	the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors .
the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment costs from 250 ( including a cut and blowdry , or from 195 without ) at taylor ferguson , bath street , glasgow ( 0141 332 0397; .	home colouring has left it dry and out of condition .
the new antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells .	as a result patients injected with the neutralising antibody therapy could pave the way for an hiv vaccine .
clydesdale and yorkshire banks are part of the wrong - doing , which took place between may 2011 and july 2013 .	they deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was repaid .
brian and joan ogden , 80 , stole from the pocket of brian ogden , 78 .	mr ogden , from wigan , had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel .
the one - minute video gives a first - person perspective of pushing through the filthy , trash - filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow .	boston 's largest snow farm located in the snow farm .
a detective from the department said officers used a device called hailstorm , which can identify phones from a 360 - degree antenna from about a city block away .	the details , revealed in court , resemble the original plot of hbos hit series the wire .
roman abramovich has bought tel avivs varsano hotel for 17 .	1million as he splashes out on the property the chelsea owner frequently visits tel aviv on business .	abramovich is buying the varsano hotel from local businessmen guy and yaron varsano - the latter is married to israeli and hollywood actress gal gadot .
deputy prime minister said there was a ' very real danger ' that ukip and northern ireland 's dup could hold mr cameron to ' ransom ' in the event of a eu referendum .	mr farage said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government .
judy and jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years .	the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year .	the 72 - year - old reportedly earns $47 million a year - the highest paid personality .
new york mayor de blasio said he wants to see her vision of where hillary clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her 2000 senate run .	he said that he 's a ' tremendous opportunity ' to define her vision for addressing income inequality .
half of the 6 , 000 - metre - long dragon - themed kite were taken to the sky in chongqing .	the kite , dubbed ' centipede with a dragon 's head' , was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival .
the 29 - year - old actress , 29 , spoke out about her abortion in a new psa for the center of reproductive rights .	she says she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure .
17 - year - old daughter was released on monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services .	the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services .	the four - month - old child was released from a hospital and turned over on monday to the custody of clark county child protective services .
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a u.s. ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust .	poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology something that hadn't happened by late monday .
izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day .	detectives began investigating the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter 's house when he sustained a skull fracture , according to oregonlive .
experts studied 40 million posts by 1 .	7 millions users on news site cnn .	com , political news affiliate reports .	trolls were banned from future - banned users ( fbus ) and other users .
dr sahar hussain , 53 , panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at leicester square station , and started ranting at staff .	she denied assaulting the two workers , saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central london because she is a muslim woman .	but hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of 2 , 250 in fines .
the house is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country .	it has gone on the market for 985 , 000 .	the house has four bedrooms , four reception rooms and walls .
investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where mh17 fell in eastern ukraine after the plane was downed by a suspected russian - made buk missile , killing all 298 passengers and crew on july 17 , 2014 .	in all , 16 containers of fragments of the malaysia airlines plane were filled so far this week .	mailonline also found a charred passport of a malaysian mother killed in the horror .
the 31 - year - old had two blood clots in her lungs , which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was taking the contraceptive pill .	doctors told her she had developed blood clots which had moved to her lungs .	she was taken to hospital with a collapsed lung .
downing centre local court showed the security footage of the violent altercation between irishman barry lyttle and his younger brother , patrick , during a sentence hearing on wednesday .	prosecutor alex poulos called for barry , from belfast in ireland to face a full - time jail term as it was the ' only appropriate sentence ' after the violent incident in sydney in january .
the megalithic site of gunung padang was built between 9 , 000 and 20 , 000 years ago .	it is nestled among volcanoes , banana and tea plantations , at 2 , 903 ft .
other features include 360 head tracking and an ' ultra - wide field of view ' .	the maximum size of compatible devices is 3 .	5 x 5 .	7 - inches ( 8 .	2 x 15 .	75 ) .
a campaign video tells the story of a woman called patricia , who slept rough on the streets of brixton for six months and was housed in a flat by south london homeless charity .	the project was started by oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty .
the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed that the washington supreme court did not act unreasonably when it rejected clark elmores claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial .	elmore , who was convicted of killing kristy ohnstad in bellinghamafter he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child , received the federal court 's ruling on wednesday .
obama threw off the gloves and took a direct punch at one of his possible successors , likely republican presidential candidate scott walker , in an interview airing this morning .	responding to walker 's claims that he'd ' absolutely ' cancel or ' disown ' a deal with iran on ' day one ' if elected to higher office , obama told npr morning edition host steve inskeep that such an approach ' would be foolish .
the grime around new york city 's times square has since been replaced with the shine of electric advertisements and thousands of tourists .	but photos of the area 's ' notorious ' dive bar , terminal , have been preserved by the bartender and photographer who served drinks to pimps , prostitutes and destitute new yorkers floating around the port authority bus terminal .	photos taken from behind the bar at terminal bar , a 41st street and 8th avenue watering hole open until 1982 .
bbc tv documentary ashyas chances of long - term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh kings decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here .	dr wilson , clinical director for child health at southampton general hospital , claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five - year - olds cancer .
divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been able to take photos of themselves underwater .	they have been trying to take the selfie with some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean .	the divers aim to stretch out our arm to take selfies with the animals .
more than half ( 58 per cent ) of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on a wednesday night , and the us was in the worst mood all week .	in terms of national average sleep quality , the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a week .
dr heinz - jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle 's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels .	no images of the new vehicle have yet been released , but the design will be revealed in two to 2003 .
andrew danziger claims that virtually all pilots believe in unidentified flying objects and that he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between kansas and iowa in april 1989 .	he said the ufo initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a ' giant red ball ' .
charlotte bevan had come off risperidone a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder before her daughter zaani was born late last year .	the 30 - year - old walked out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms .
brad reynolds has become the travel websites top contributor , writing more than 3 , 300 reviews .	the 38 - year - old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of hong kong , providing opinion and travel tips that have been read by millions of travellers around the world .	a good number of his reviews have been written for attractions in hong kong , macau and london , where brad and jill lived for a few years before moving to asia .
aaron hernandez and newly convicted killer aaron hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive - by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded .	earlier today , the 25 - year - old athlete was found guilty of first - degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi - professional football player odin lloyd .
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ' bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train about 1 .	40pm on wednesday .	ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence .
firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of saudi arabia and despite government efforts to stop it .	the saudi government has been calling for an end to the local tradition of the gunman .
ayatollah hossein dehnavi made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country .	he also warned that if women did not wear the hijab , they could lead to some men to become homosexual .	homosexuality is punishable by death in the state .
linda macdonald , a 55 - year - old , was arrested on monday in court on monday .	she was arrested for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was taken to police .
kim kardashian 's last - minute baskets , thought to be for her 15 - month - old son parker .	kim kardashian and kim kardashian shared a snap of herself on twitter yesterday .
jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride - free water .	the health minister jillian skinner said he is putting people 's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south - east , was charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the melbourne magistrates court .	he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 .
christopher bailey 's new burberry chief creative and chief executive officer christopher bailey described himself as ' humbled ' .	he was named ceo at just 42 years - old back in october 2013 .
the 40 - year - old has now launched court action against the city 's education department as she attempts to get her licence back so she can work in the new york 's new york .
researchers at the national museum of natural history in paris were found at a busy road in kibale national park in uganda .	they found most of the chimps looked for traffic before crossing and checked they got over safely .
gwyneth paltrow , 42 , and the 38 - year - old chris martin , 38 , have finalized their divorce .	they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement .
hemingway , 53 , has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression , alcoholism and suicides independent: mariel hemingway , the granddaughter to literary legend ernest hemingway .	the now 53 - year - old has recounted in two new novels , released tuesday .
his mother , rosdeep adekoya , beat her three - year - old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in kircaldy , fife , in january last year .	his death came just six months after he was returned to adekoya 's care .
the $20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down when the country went off the gold standard .	they argued that joan langbord and her sons cannot lawfully own the coins , which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003 .
tugce taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in the north - western turkish city of istanbul and hit another car coming the other way .	witnesses said it was a ' miracle ' that friend adem kilic , 31 , who is in a critical condition in hospital , survived the horror crash .	the driver of the second vehicle was also taken to hospital where he is being treated .
laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women 's weekly magazines .	having lived and worked with other less curvy models in new york city , wells has seen the shocking sacrifices they make to keep skinny .	in the interview with the magazine , wells also revealed she was very resistant to taking up a career as a fashion model .
nicola sturgeon has insisted labour will not form a coalition with the snp .	he said he would not have a labour majority to lock up a labour administration .	the snp has offered to work with labour 's ed miliband .
12 per cent of teens who do try e - cigarettes are defined as at least once a month .	findings suggest young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits .
steve miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming .	he is convinced we need to get tougher on the overweight population .	steve claims weight loss is all about control and currently the nhs millions .
two employees in flir 's dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the saudi arabia ministry of interior in 2009 .	the company also arranged travel for saudi officials , including a 20 - night trip with stops in beirut , casablanca , dubai , new york and paris .
chief greg suhr has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers he called the texts ' despicable ' and says those who sent them ' clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer .	authorities say that the offensive texts targeting blacks , mexicans , filipinos and gay men , which make repeated use of racist and homophobic slurs , were sent between 2011 and 2012 .
the duchess of cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey , produced in late spring by the bees in her wiltshire garden .	just 250 jars are being produced , at 20 each , with all proceeds going to charity .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas - area nightclub on wednesday morning , according to reports .	during a 2011 incident , a shot was fired outside of club luxx in dallas , texas , after a physical fight inside during the incident on wednesday .	the man also said one of the men pulled out a gun and aimed it at him before firing a round off into the sky .
the oratory school in london was cleared of discriminating against the poor and non - catholic children .	the school , the school in 1863 , was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year after the watchdog decided it was biased against working - class and poverty .
the 52 - year - old is wanted for 22 crimes in the uk .	he is accused of 22 crimes of asylum in the european court .	he was arrested in lithuania and treating him as ' mentally ill ' .	he appealed to the courts , the court of human rights .
woman , 84 , is thought to have been helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her , resulting in a serious head injury .	she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs , as well as various broken bones , and one onlooker said the woman was ' covered in blood' ' .	she was then taken to hospital in the ambulance accompanied by an air ambulance , which was used to give additional support .
michael mcinerney , 34 , was jailed for 11 years for the death of a man .	he was sentenced to 11 years after pleading guilty to manslaughter .	he pushed mr prasanna to his death in the costco car park .
the sausages were found on the cuckoo trail in hailsham near hailsham .	sausages were loaded with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog .	the cocktail of sausages was loaded with poisons that have been posted on the trail .
police chief terry valencia said he was ' fortunate not to kill ' a man in the back of a man 's home in marana , northwest of marana , with a police officer .	the footage was captured by police officer michael rapiejko , 50 , five times in the suspect 's home .	police have since spoken out in defense of rapiejko 's actions in the town of valencia , arizona .
feliciano , a 27 - year - old manager at a honolulu walmart , was out on the makapuu ' tom - tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway with a woman when she slipped and fell .
the randolph hotel , in the oxford city centre , was used as a setting for televisions .	the fire is not believed to have been injured and guests were evacuated .	firefighters have not had to rescue anybody from the blaze .
jake and seb visited l'ardchoise site in south central france at the end of august .	about an hour - and - half 's drive from the beaches of the south and montpellier airport , it is known as the gastronomic centre of france .
coles coles was ordered to pay $2 .	5 million in penalties .	it was slammed with a three - year ban and banned them from advertising its par - baked bread .	coles was also ordered to display a federal court corrective notice in stores .
carwyn scott - howell , nine - year - old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 , fell to his death while on holiday with his mother .	it is thought he revealed he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of flaine .
photographs show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions .	the savage punishment is a significantly more extreme than isis ' usual punishment for theft - which typically sees the men full of drugs to numb the decapitated bodies .
lowes , best & less and the just group - which includes just jeans , portmans and dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies by the 2015 australian fashion report .	amongst the best performers were etiko , audrey blue , cotton on , h&m and zara .	the report assessed the best performers were etiko , audrey blue , cotton on , h&m and zara .
initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant 's three tanks of a chemical plant that produces a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics .	residents are evacuated from their home in a village close to the fire at the plant .
pre - raphaelite artist dante gabriel rossetti died at the graylingwell hospital on february 24 , 1909 , at the age of 74 .	rossetti was one of the most well - known founding members of the pre - raphelites group .
engineers are due to visit the 3 , 148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route .	it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world , second only to the 4 , 000m tunnel near the u.s. , second .
amjad yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home .	the 55 - year - old is a member of the palestinian rebel group .
mr bird took the video on tuesday with a go pro 4 while on holiday with his family .	the 41 - year - old said he was ' as close to the action ' as you could capture .
scott keyes , a 28 - year - old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20 , 000miles on 21 flights along the way in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service .	one savvy traveler has managed to plan out an entire two - month trip that will barely cost him a cent .
defense petition to return 14 - year - old jamie silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of cheryl silvonek was discovered last month was denied by lehigh county judge maria dantos on friday .	district attorney jim martin had opposed the petition on behalf of the teenager , who is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy .
neil patrick harper and david burtka 's kids are ' devouring oysters ' . '	i cook for them a ton!	, ' neil patrick harris and david new york . '	my kids are crazy .	in the harris - burtka .
sky newsreader and mother - of - three are married to the two - year - old owner of online auction business flogit4u , and the couple have a daughter , two and six .
new data , released by the united nations , shows how the number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million over the last 25 years .	in 1995 , there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons .
cecil hamilton - miller , from kensington , was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camps in 1945 .	he died in bergen - belsen , who died in 2001 , aged 91 , after the liberation of belsen , his family has said today .	he served in india for much of the world war ii after his liberation in may 1945 .
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands , while paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in the holiday hotspot of alicante on the spanish coast .	they were arrested as part of operation captura , a drive launched in 2006 by the national crime agency , crimestoppers and spanish authorities to catch suspects who had fled from the uk .
elijah mccrae , five - month - old elijah , died in his mother 's arms on monday evening .	he died in the hospital after he was diagnosed with a fatal genetic disease .	the parents were overwhelmed by love and hope .
oriordan oriordan , 74 , was having an affair with his wife and his wife .	he was accused of trying to kill his wife of ten years after being knifed in the torso and hair .
prime minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair .	in one day this week the tory leader travelled to all all four home nations in his bid to secure votes ahead of the may 7 election .
50 - year tradition has split the gold coast community , with business leaders calling for the end of an era , the sunday mail reported .	started in 1965 , meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters .
the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat .	gen . singh said that he found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media .
zoe hommel , 13 , was found dead in a hotel room in putney , south west london last year .	she had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 .	her father , dr hommel , struggled to treat her condition .	inquest heard how she was ' tormented by [UNK] .
graduate jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark .	mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december but didnt have enough cash to pay for it .	he had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson .
bernadette forde was found dead in a wheelchair in the sitting room of her home in dublin on june 6 , 2011 .	the 51 - year - old , gail o'rorke , has been charged with helping her to kill herself .
latvia - based drive eo has created a one megawatt electric race car to compete in the pikes peak international hill climb in june .	the d model is the first speed of 155 mph ( 249 km/h ) in colorado springs .
boeing said the new bins can hold 50 per cent more carry - on luggage .	the bins can be used by the likes of delta and alaska airlines .	it can be one of the most overhead bins , which will be available .
leanne bourne moved into her home when she was fathered by her sister .	her sister leanne bourne says she was pregnant with her sister 's sister .	she says she feels like her sister larissa is struggling to cope with her affair .
daisy , 19 , has suffered from head lice since she was 19 .	she says she was never affected by head lice when she was younger .	she has now had a drink in the university library .
federal government will give shoshana hebshi $40 , 000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks after armed agents forced her from a plane at detroit metropolitan airport , made her for hours .	frontier airlines , the transportation security administration and wayne county airport authority were named in the federal lawsuit .
peter reece , his fiancee , baby daughter and mother from kent were parked on an ocean shores beach on thursday around 7pm in their new nissan infiniti .	reece told police he and his family had been driving on the beach when they stopped on the edge of the surf to look at the water .	reece and his fiancee got out of the car , but his mother and daughter were trapped inside in ocean shores .
kate is endearingly frank on the subject , telling interviewers that titanic co - star leonardo dicaprio found the size of her feet hilarious: id put my foot up and hed fall about laughing because my feet are exactly the same size as his and hes 6 ft 1 in .
image of the rules began to circulate on social media , two weeks after islamic state was forced to abandon the iraqi city of ramadi .	the media crackdown seems to be an attempt by isis supporter .
kate hudson , pharrell williams and gwen stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth , showing little to no signs of ageing over the past decade and while many have resorted to plastic surgery , these a - listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife .
oxford dominated cambridge in a historic boat race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time .	female crews representing oxford and cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the river thames in london .	oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men 's boat race .
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night .	he was charged with assault and affray .
the modern - day martin burgess clock b is based on john harrison 's 18th century clock .	it has been part of a 100 - day trial at the royal observatory , in greenwich , to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days - was true .
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months .	philip lost his job as a gardener following a stomach operation .	philip was given a lifeline by local businessman jasen jackiw .
nicola sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts .	ms sturgeon uses an article to say she can help lead the uk in policy areas .
phillip and gaby and their two children were forced to live in their home in the home of the beckle - raymond 's home in north london .	phillip and phillip and phillip and the two children , orion and the family were both forced to work on their home with no roof .	the couple thought they were devastated by the contractor 's home .
aaron hernandez was a rapidly rising star in the nfl .	he had a baby girl , a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1 .	5million mansion .	he has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding .
jack cordero , from portland , oregon , was forced to clean up jack 's envelope in portland , portland , portland , on april 1 .	the manager said that the mess was gigantic and had to clean it up .
nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county , maryland overnight saturday on charges including aggravated assault , simple assault and neglect of a care - dependent person .	parler 's son , who is non - verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found on friday night lying beneath a rain - soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground , 10 feet from his wheelchair and the bible .
new yorker amanda chatel explained in her essay for your tango that adoption of the ' yes means yes ' law , which defines consent as ' affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity ' from each partner .
the 2 .	7 km long , 1 .	8 km wide landmass is a 15 minute ferry ride from north island .	it boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views .	the nz $7 .	765 million ) sale has divided the family who own the island , with some of them claiming it represents ' the loss of the family 's legacy' .
stacey johnson was diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2007 .	her sister , dannii , helped her mother care for her full - time carer last year .	she is due to be diagnosed with brain tumour and has suffered headaches .
clarence david moore , 66 , escaped from a north carolina home in 1972 .	the 66 - year - old , who suffers from several unspecified ailments , cannot walk , but because he does not have a social security card of id .
snp leader nicola sturgeon has been buoyed by a series of tv debates opposing austerity cuts , despite threatening another referendum on independence .	a new tns survey shows the snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month , with 52 per cent now backing ms sturgeon with only 24 per cent of scots planning to vote for mr miliband .
the prince ottaviano is aiming to reclaim the city , saving it from the ruins of mass tourism .	around 16 million tourists visit florence every year , visiting the city in a couple of hours .
christine davidson , from adelaide , was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 , and told she only had between nine months to three years to live .	after enduring an incredible 14 years of chemotherapy and radiation , the mother of two lost her battle to cancer last thursday morning at the age of 61 .	but four days before she died , her husband ronny and their two daughters symantha , 40 , and kelly , 38 , noticed her ring was missing from her finger .
the first president to visit jamaica in three decades while on a visit to the country for a meeting with caribbean leaders .	obama will visit jamaica to attend the summit of the bob marley museum in kingston , jamaica .
patrick morrison , from mesa , first raped his niece sabrina morrison in march 2007 , and after she told a teacher the following day , authorities performed a rape kit on her .	payout: sabrina morrison , pictured left in an interview in 2012 , will receive $3 .	5 million after sheriff 's deputies failed to arrest her uncle .
trevor noah has known gabriel for at least four years .	the pair had a heart to split from long - term girlfriend dani gabriel .	the couple had a picture of the pair together in cape town .
lily received 18 , 000 retweets and 25 , 000 favourites .	lily sharp took the steps to make the prank as convincing by her mother .	lily 's mother may not have found the intruder .
jill scott was red - carded for arsenal 's 1 - 0 defeat by arsenal on sunday .	the england international apologised for the incident after the game .	scott was sent off in the first half of the women 's super league match .
the dog jumps from his shoulders and takes off at speed with the dog .	the dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind and the camera .
vin vin , 24 , gained notoriety last [UNK] his tattoo on his face , neck , chest , and arms in crude body art .	vin insisted that the sharpie - like tattoos on his chest and arms ' embody pop culture' .
sarah watson , 34 , had a brief liaison with man united defender at a christmas party for the team .	but the high court has since overturned a gagging order against ms watson who claims rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her .
the former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend , perth lawyer naomi sullivan .	the pair were holidaying in japan and were out for a walk one evening .	the couple met in perth in 2011 , and sullivan proposed to bass beneath a cherry blossom .
the 73 - year - old rose to fame as part of simon & garfunkel .	his album outsold those by the likes of ed sheeran , james bay and sam smith .	simon 's recent tour with sting ( left ) is believed to have been the catalyst in helping to propel him to the top of the charts .
the virus causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year .	public land managers are believe to be responsible for the extinction of and population decline of a number of rabbits .
the 33 - year - old presents speed with guy martin on the isle of man 's tt race .	he wrote a review of the bbc 's top tt race and has a speed limit of 40mph .
hector valles , 25 - year - old nick valles , was unresponsive and wedged behind the interior of his car .	he was transported to baylor university medical center in mesquite , texas , in dallas .
the most expensive version of the extravagant watch is called the ' diamond ecstasy' , and boasts ' solid precious metal ' and a diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap .	the watch is available in 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap .
the father - of - two , who had been a paramedic , was left in a medically induced coma for eight months .	he was jailed for several months and has not received any of the assault .
the 37 - year - old is feared to have drowned while on holiday in laos .	she was travelling on a boat like a rock in a stretch of rapids .	ms powell , from cardiff , disappeared in the mekong river .
poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , a three - minute walk from the cathedral .	there are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious valet parking .
kim sears , 53 , has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year .	the 53 - year - old has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit .	the wedding will be outshone by the bride and groom .
the equivalent of two chocolate fingers have come down by 1 to 1 .	50 over the past year .	the popular biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer , burtons biscuit company .
ed miliband pledged to ' crackdown on the illegal exploitation of migrant workers ' .	he said: ' it 's a ' epidemic of exploitation ' and ' it is a epidemic of exploitation' .
sydney 's shire , topshop and topman is set to launch a second store in nsw at westfield miranda .	the brand will be hosted by australian beauty and australia 's next top model .
five - year - old jerry tarkanian was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday .	danny and amy tarkanian said he 's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement .
mack , 19 , from chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother .	she is being held over her mother 's death in bali 's kerobokan prison .	her mother , 62 - year - old socialite sheila mack , whose body was stuffed in a suitcase .	mack , who is caring for baby stella schaefer , is expected to be released .
16 - year - old , 16 , was born a girl in the wrong body since he was a child .	during a family court hearing , a brisbane - based judge was told the teen had the mentality of a dude .	she has been given permission for testosterone injections .
tony morris qc is mounting a legal challenge against queensland 's speed - camera laws .	the volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year .	he has told the courier - mail he can't see why he should dob his wife .
orrden williams , who was with a baby , asked the teens to be quiet , and soon after being attacked .	williams jr .	said he was outside the store when a crowd of loud and unruly teens suddenly descended upon the establishment .
wiley bridgeman , 58 , and kwame ajamu , 57 , were sent to death row over the death of bridgeman , 20 , and 20 - year - old .	the $1 .	6 million includes $1 .	5 million in compensation from the state of ohio for decades of wrongful imprisonment .	jackson , 18 , and jackson , bridgeman , now 59 , have been sentenced to life in prison .
stylish cook , 35 , posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat .	admitted that her british shorthair , kimchi , has such a ' discerning palate ' . '	she loves cheese , tortilla chips and taramasalata .
passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of hefei , the capital city of eastern china .	he was hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks .
u.s. pair met mr thomas at barking and dagenham college in october 2013 .	mr thomas confided in islam about a break - up with his girlfriend .	the court heard that islam tried to use a pipe bomb in a text message .
luke may have been missing for days of search for the missing 11 - year - old .	he was last seen on the national park on friday and has not been missing since the search for luke 's family .	he has now been updating his family and friends for the search .
stoll , 32 , was booked for drug possession and released on $5 , 000 bond .	he was rushed to hospital after having a seizure at his home inhermosa beach , california .	the charges include possession of class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 .
dr frederic brandt killed himself a week ago , said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death .	many believed that he was ' hurt ' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old 's decision to take his own life .	fredric was a dear friend but he was also very vain and to be parodied this way must have hurt , ' said edith newman , a friend for 30 years .
toby perkins , deputy chairman of the labour election campaign , revealed that the interns are paid just 4 per day for working 12 - hour days .	now labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all , making them volunteers .
dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday in caernarfon , north wales .	daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat .	mr rickard , a retired industrial engineer , said she might have drowned .
researchers have developed a model that combined long - term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office .	from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the north sea warms and this could increase the price of fish and chips in the past 40 years .
peter morris , left , was devastated when his sister , claire , pictured right on her hen do , died in a car crash it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - claire had in fact been murdered by webster so he could cash in on her life insurance .	webster had drugged his wife at their home in the scottish village of tarves , where they had settled after their wedding .
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates at pnc park on monday night when she was hit by a ' foul ball ' .	she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit in the head with a foul .
kelly giersch , 46 , claims her children were illegally deported from the u.s. from their father 's custody in france when a court awarded him to her ex - husband daniel giersch , 40 , and she pleaded for the order to be reversed .	the case was dismissed by a court order that it did not have the jurisdiction to reside in the united states .
natalie swindells , 26 , eats four bowls of the cereal every day .	the 26 - year - old eats four calories of the recommended 2 , 000 per day .	says she has never taken a day off the age of two .
peter kelly , a 34 - year - old volunteer high school wrestling coach , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9 .	45pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend .	the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down .	kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers .
the aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of route 95 near baltimore , maryland , according to the truck driver , who filmed the incident , drove by with a friend , and tried to break up the fight .	the aggressor , driving a toyota , even refused to stop fighting as solis and his friend tried to end the attack .
the pictures were posted on twitter by a member of the anti - isis group raqqa .	scores of downtrodden syrians wait for hours for food in the terror group 's self - declared capital .
presidents , kings and dukes will gather in los angeles this weekend to represent their u.s. .	but most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 .	the country is the president of the republic of molossia .
football - mad logan kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as a ' accidental drowning' .
ukip leader nigel farage meets local people in broadstairs , kent , as he continues his campaign trail for the south thanet seat at the general election .	mr farage was out in thanet south today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament .
illinois state associate coach torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the cessna 414 crashed near bloomington , illinois , shortly after midnight on tuesday .	the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis , and ward had made a last tweet .
spacex will attempt to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the atlantic ocean .	spacex is hoping to show that affordable , reusuable rockets are possible for bad weather .
shona banda , a mother of her 11 - year - old son , has been forwarded to the activist 's house in the finney county district attorney 's office .	possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , weapons , weapons and drug paraphernalia and child endangerment .	banda is the author of a search for her son 's death in the custody case .
st peter port in guernsey is one of the key locations for the german occupation of the channel islands .	it is a five - week hurrah of history , parades , concerts and food that will unite most of the festival .
the da pinchi code has only been spotted in east kilbride , lanarkshire .	the practice of crooks using a secret system to identify potential victims has been dubbed the da .	other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable .
tommy connolly , 23 , was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing australia as a champion sprinter .	she was homeless , illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant .	the 23 - year - old is now helping to raise her four - week - old baby .
the frontman 's daughter reveals she 's not a big fan of her dad 's music .	the 22 - year - old was just 20 months old when she revealed she was not a huge fan of his music .
anil saxena , from mumbai , uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra 's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field .	he started digital retouching he was able to turn his pictures into more complex flights of fancy .
art and photography community have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ' true illusion ' by dressing their babies up as sci - fi characters .	another baby is seen as princess leia from star wars .
britain 's got talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen .	but after the tv cameras subside , their show at the royal variety performance is over , and they've spent 250 , 000 - what happens to them ?
tracey hannant , from bexleyheath , south london , said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch .	he was trapped in a muddy ditch for six hours clean: how cody looks when he hasn't been swimming in a ditch .
pastor aracely meza , 49 , and the boy 's parents believed he had a ' demon ' inside of him , and that he was starved for 25 days , being given only water four to five times a day .	the toddler , whose name has not been released , fell and hit his head several times , but she hesitated to help him ' due to his demon possession .
oxford scientists say a mercury - like body struck the young earth ( artist 's illustration shown ) .	the object would have been the heat source for our planet 's core .	the object would have been the heat source for our planet 's core .
spending on consultants has doubled to 1 , 000 a day to work in africa and asia as part of a huge push to meet government targets on aid projects .	david cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending .
the man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning .	the man died at the scene when the truck rolled forward and pinned him between the vehicle and a pole .
' crystal clear ' footage was published in the daily mirror , 21 hours before they were released by a worker based in the crime scene .	police continue to seize the cctv footage so far until it was flagged up by a ex - head of the flying squad .
the island of jamestown is the capital of the south atlantic city of saint helena .	it will be located in the prosperous bay plain area of the island .	the island is the only way to which napoleon was exiled after his defeat at waterloo .
husnaa ali , two - year - old faizaan ali , was among the first to sample the sweets in the chain 's blackburn store .	the supermarket has brought in halal - only pick and mix counters to cater for muslim figures .
james ward , a father - of - six , was left with a severed finger and wounds all over his body .	he was taken to the hospital after being attacked at his home by axe - wielding intruders .	he is now in hiding and is too scared to return to his home and see his children .
four - year - old suffers from pica , sand and sand and poisoning .	jessica 's mother , jessica , is now allowed to treat her until she is six - years old .
bernard bingham 's new book ' the nypd 's first fifty years ' is a forerunner of the force for more than 30 years who had a reputation for brutality .	he was known as the king of kickbacks , mob violence and theodore bingham , who held the post from 1906 to the new york city , was known to the nypd .
amanda taylor , 24 , has been charged with murder after she allegedly stabbed her former father - in - law because she blamed him for introducing her husband to drugs at a young age and driving him to suicide .	widow 's rampage:amanda taylor ( left ) , 59 , in retaliation for last year 's suicide of her husband , rex ( pictured right ) ' accomplice ' turned victim: sean ball , 32 , who is also facing charges in charles taylor 's death .
kim kardashian: hollywood is the app from the reality star , which uses her likeness and voice .	users have to build a celebrity empire similar to the 34 - year - old launched .
almost half of all people have visited discounters such as 99p stores , poundstretcher , b&m bargains and wilkinsons are middle class and among the country 's highest earners , research has found .	57 per cent of adults in the uk claim to be in the top week .
90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time ' women who experience some degree of menstrual pain , ' she says .	dr lara briden says it is a ' normal ' period pain .
bernie madoff is believed to have been dating his wife ruth and his ex - boyfriend andrew madoff .	he allegedly tried to persuade his girlfriend to sleep with him .	madoff was arrested last year after pleading guilty to his two children .	madoff has been charged with conspiracy to injure him .
edwin ' jock ' mee , 46 , who now lives in scotland , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , many of whom were young black women .	it is claimed that the divorced father - of - five went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon .
the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co .	pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside highway 99 .	eleven people were injured , three critically , in the hot blast .
dane bowers , 35 , has been charged with common assault in connection with an incident which took place in february .	bowers , who is accused of hitting his ex - fiancee miss cahill , will appear in court next month .	he will appear before magistrates in south london this month .
mother - of - two ellie says she will not be surprised if she was replaced on the bbc show .	she has spoken about how she is for ' a long time ' in the uk .	she said that she would not be able to do her job .
terry mccarty , 29 , suffered third - degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in a childhood accident .	he suffered cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms .	terry mccarty was just six when he suffered the scars of his father and brother .
sarah vine says the bbc need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear .	the engine was mentioned for the role , along the lines of: men do cars , women do cake .
the father - of - two was cleaning up after a children 's picnic at the time .	the 47 - year - old was diagnosed with necrotizing faciitis - a flesh - eating bug .	the infection was hardly visible and became infected , causing the rare condition .
peter tait , the headmaster of sherbornepreparatoryschool in dorset , claimed parents have become ' dervishes'about their children 's education ' .	parents need to keep their distance and pushes them to develop naturally .
the man , who was in his 40s , was a naturalized u.s. citizen originally from the middle east .	he was a man who died from the disease in may 2014 , a cdc report says .	the disease was first identified in the united states in the 1990s .
duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child will have a lesser effect .	the royal mint is expected to make more of an impact in the long term .	the flurry of coins to the tills is the royal collection .
peter hiett , a former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution in hounslow , claims staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences .	the 49 - year - old , who worked at the prison for eight years and was commended for bravery .
1 , 99 , swan steam generator iron , 19 .	99 , johnlewis generator tank , the iron si1001on , and 19 .	50 , argos , argos , johnlewis .	com . com . uk if you want to splash out at 90g per minute .	steam output is easy to 120g .
karen branigan , 26 , from dublin , found her ' i couldn't get over her face ' .	the 26 - year - old teamed up with two friends to launch a project called ' constantly' ' .	miss geaney , 21 , found karen branigan in just two weeks .
stephanie scott was a ' favourite teacher ' to many students at leeton high school .	the 26 - year - old was set to marry her partner of five years .	ms scott was charged with ms scott 's murder .
the magazine 's global fashion director , carine roitfeld , personally chose the 19 - year - old model along with jing wen , laura james , anna cleveland , ondria hardin , antonia wilson , kitty hayes , and paige reifler for the spread , which is aptly titled beauty queens: where beauty meets fashion this season .
pingan 's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in xiamen city , in south - eastern china 's fujian province .	both of his parents were killed in the accident , but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march , reports the people 's daily .
dina nemtsov , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with yulia nemtsov .	her mother , ekaterina odnistova , 37 , is one of two children from the relationship with her mother and nemtsov .
anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness .	he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18 - 55mm kit lens or a tokina to shoot the photographs .
fullips device can achieve an angelina jolie - sized pout .	the device works by creating a mini - vacuum while you suck on the apparatus .	the results were not as dramatic as i had hoped the device does .
lesley conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sentsexualised messages by an online pervert .	ms conman was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request fromsomeone pretending to be a 17 - year - old boy .	police refused to investigate as no offence was committed .
nicola sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in britain .	she has shed pounds , bleached her hair and squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels , and for the leaders debate last week .
ashley jiron , owner of p .	m . jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins .	she taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward .
alison saunderss position as the countrys top prosecutor looked bleak as she faced unprecedented criticism from the home secretary , police chiefs , crime tsars , prominent mps and even one of her predecessors .	mrs saunders said her job as head of the crown prosecution service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases .
david cameron will launch a multi - billion pound sale of lloyds bank shares .	he will offer the public 4 billion of lloyds shares if he wins the election .	shares will be offered at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time .
the $250 ( 168 ) device called neurio claims to make any ' ordinary home smart ' .	the device recognises the electric signature of different gadgets and appliances through their phone .	neurio feeds information about energy consumption .
clarkson 's first appearance for the bbc since he was dismissed from top gear producer oisin tymon in a ' fracas ' .	he has been suspended by the bbc after being dismissed from oisin tymon .
joselyn alejandra nio is believed to have been found stuffed in a beer cooler just over the u .	s border .	she gained notoriety in january when a picture of her grasping a modified m4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face .
alice arnold , a 44 - year - old said she and alice arnold returned to the register office where their gay marriage was held in 2006 .	she said it is not an all - a - gay marriage .
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile us attorney alan dershowitz .	she said she was ' devastated ' by the allegations against him and wanted to respond to under oath .
barry lyttle , 33 , has been charged with grievous bodily harm .	he has pleaded guilty to causing death to death in sydney 's inner - city .	he is accused of leaving his brother in a hospital in sydney on january 3 .	he was charged with recklessly causing the death penalty .
lord janner claims lord janner abused him during a game of hide - and - seek in a park , when he was a 15 - year - old resident of a children 's home .	he said he was unable to trust adults after being molested by lord janner last night .
in january 2013 , dorian poe , from burlington , ontario , was inspired by the story of a cancer - stricken girl .	the bear has circled the globe and wants to raise awareness about his own condition .
six - year - old gang is thought to be the first thief in the easter weekend .	it is thought the gang returned to the building in the heart of the building .	the footage was taken by scotland yard at the safety .
hannah bluck , 18 , was struck down by a freak accident in south wales .	she was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle .	the 18 - year - old has played for wales youth national team at u19 , u17 .
motaz zaid , who is currently studying economics at the university of greenwich , was with a friend in parsons green , south west london , in the early hours of friday .	mr zaid , 20 , was found dumped at the side of the a3 inbeverley estate .
zbigniew huminski , nine , was on his way to see his nine - year - old victim in custody .	he was supposed to be in prison in france and has not been charged with murder .	huminski has been banned from france for six years for aggravated assault .	huminski huminski was convicted of raping and murder .
samuel tushingham was given a 26 - week sentence at halton magistrates ' court .	tushingham pleaded guilty to attacking his girlfriend and dragged her out of bed by her hair and threw a toaster .
darren humphries , 37 , began throwing cadbury mini eggs at wife claire , 31 , after drunkenly losing his temper on march 3 .	magistrates heard he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children .	jps were told mrs humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested at the property in windermere drive , worcester .
videoshows cher lair from apex , north carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around .	she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker .	she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker .
the far - right afrikaner resistance movement ( awb ) is training thousands of youths in military - style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg to fight for a separate white state .	by day , they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from south africa for good .
officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $12 , 000 fine for unauthorised computer systems .	the disgraced football player was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of march .
woolworths launched ' fresh in our memories ' last week , inviting australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country .	supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ' disrespectful ' and ' disgusting ' by social media users .
adam deacon , 32 , of bethnal green , east london , appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movies writer noel clarke on twitter .	a number of abusive tweets were sent from deacon 's account to mr clarkes account from march 5 to december .
the 40 - year - old has been taking pictures of the sea with a gopro .	he grew up on the south coast of new south wales in the water .	he has captured the shots on kiama such as salvador .
arnold breitenbach of st .	george wanted to get ' cib - 69 ' put on a license plate .	he had been an armored personnel carrier 's gunner during his time in the army .	the utah division of motor vehicles is required to follow the use of the number 69 .
the mamma mia inspired eatery to open its doors a block away from the abba museum in stockholm .	the show opened two years after it first hit the stage in london in 1999 .
pound fell to near 1 .	six years after the last election when no party secured a majority .	david cameron needs to rely on smaller parties to secure a majority in the commons .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo .	the 18 - year - old was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .	jackson 's mother says the family needs an additional $45 , 000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees .
coral jones , 43 , whose daughter was snatched from outside her home in machynlleth , powys , had letters demanding her other children be taken into care .	she was branded a ' bad mother ' for allowing april to play in the street past 7pm where she was abducted and killed by paedophile mark bridger .
the computer system is the world 's largest dealing platform and is used by most banks and trading floors .	more than 300 , 000 screens suddenly went down for several hours just after the start of trading .
government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for group b strep , known as gbs .	this is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year .	current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be ' at risk' .
rona fairhead , chairman of the commons public accounts committee , has told shareholders she will stay on for a further one - year period .	the 53 - year - old has called on fairhead to quit or stand for re - election .	margaret hodge announced her departure in a letter .
one of the earliest ' televisors ' is being sold at an auction it was manufactured in 1928 - two years .	it is expected to fetch up to 22 , 000 at auction this year .	the televisor was the first receiver sold in britain .
mohammed suleman khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last year .	his nine - year scam was exposed after police raided his birmingham home .	he was jailed for two years in prison and faces a jail sentence .
the 39 - year - old man , 39 , was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's altona meadows driveway .	the man 's mother , who died at the scene , was gang - related injuries .
one of the group from knutsford spotted the bride - to - be nicola braithwaite and her friends .	the labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a group .	he was mobbed by a screaming hen party and said: ' i got a full on [UNK] .
british exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to the eu .	it is the first time since sales of uk goods have outstripped those to eu for february .
the former first lady , u.s. senator , secretary of state and board member of the bill , hillary clinton 's first visit to the granite state in new hampshire this morning on the eve of the former obama administration . '	i think that the plane with the baggage is really ' [UNK] .
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse were found in 2014 showed children aged 10 and under 10 , 000 web pages .	they were part of a worrying rise in the amount of child abuse images of sexual abuse online .
wade lange and his team beat some of the world 's biggest names to snare the licence from disney 's marvel range .	fans of the film series are buying up big to wear the clothing at the early screenings .
nick loeb has filed a lawsuit against his ex - fiancee sofia vergara in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf , pictured here in 2011 .	court documents , filed under pseudonyms jane and john doe , detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013 .
marcin wasniewski , 34 , from foleshill , coventry , was driving into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry .	he believes he was ' saved by jesus christ , that day ' .
neill buchel , 42 , was convicted of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice .	he was sentenced to life in prison for conspiracy to ' degrading and humiliating ' violence .	the pair were obsessed with the hit tv show and videos found on the internet .
london mayor claimed ukip supporters are in ' increasing psychological conflict ' as they realise a vote for nigel farage 's party is a ' vote for ed miliband' ' .	mr johnson 's intervention signals that the tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a minority labour government dependent on the votes of snp mps .
lucy scott , from edinburgh , had her first baby in 2012 , and found that nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued .	she proceeded to capture every experience in a new book , doodle diary of a new mom: an illustrated journey through one mommy 's first year .
former first lady faces no substantial competition yet for the democratic nomination in 2016 .	clinton will announce her bid to become america 's first female president this weekend .	clinton reveals in a new epilogue to her book ' hard choices ' why she decided to take the presidential leap .
42 - year - old managed to escape in the smashed - up car , police say .	police are looking for a dark blue ford falcon ute at the time of the incident .	the man , 42 , was shot at the scene in the northern territory .
police say they are trying to trace the man in connection with a sex abuse case .	the unidentified man is believed to be between the ages of john doe 29 , and was found in a bid to help them rescue the man .	they say the man is ' sexually assaulted ' and ' [UNK] .
alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ' jackie' , spoke out after he featured in the now - infamous feature a rape on campus , and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out .	rolling stone 's story said the magazine should be held accountable .
a nine - year - old girl was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child .	the legal age of criminal responsibility in england and wales is ten .	a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed , of were suspected of committing , a crime .
phil rudd was charged with " threatening to kill ' and drug possession .	the 60 - year - old says he wants to join the band again on the world tour .	phil rudd arrives at court ahead of sentencing on tuesday .
william ' wild bill ' wilson and his wife lillian karr died just two minutes apart from each other .	both lillian , 89 , and bill were alzheimer 's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes .	lillian resided at richmond place in lexington , while bill stayed at the thomson - hood veterans center in wilmore .
shelley dufresnein , 32 , admitted having sex with a 16 - year - old student at destrehan high school in st charles parish , louisiana .	she still faces charges of a threesome with the student and another teacher .	she is still facing charges over a plea deal .
patrick kramer , 33 , is a 33 - year - old artist hailing from springville , utah .	has admitted that an oil painting can take anywhere between 50 to 300 hours to complete .
jamie richardson , 38 , was accused of hitting himself on the head with a pound coin at staff , and the other was in a bermuda court .	the two men were seen entering the plane at lf wade international airport in bermuda .
across the uk , more than 42 million children in the uk are overweight or obese .	the company gets 30 , 000 strong petition asking government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm .
durham university scientists studied a ' clump ' of dark matter .	the distribution of dark energy is shown with blue contour lines .	this is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent .
michael pulman , a care worker from walsall , spent 7 , 500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem but for some of the customers who have to consider the cost .
senior tories are ' posh boys' , ms harman , labour 's deputy leader , insisted they were only ' standing up for people at the top' .	but sharing a breakfast tv sofa with her was mr osborne , who said that as they both went to st paul 's school in london , ' the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin' .
destiny cooke , 16 , and lajahia cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , stomped and shoved around by the mob , who can be heard laughing during the five - minute video filmed in trenton .	lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl 's mother threw a rock at her ear , leaving a gash that required 12 stitches .
activity based on the block and practicality of the design of the kitchen based on activities e .	t . food preparation , cooking and clean - up etc .	the key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to be at the end of the day .	the buyers are looking for in a kitchen on activities .
the snp leader will launch a string of policies in the uk .	it will be the first to be the focus of support for the first time of the year .	the snp plans to build a power - sharing deal with labour .
sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers .	the price of ivory is now said to be between 40 , 000 and 47 , 000 a kilo .
nathan brown , a 19 - year - old electrician , was working with his father david .	he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries .	the cause of nathan 's death was electrocution .
at least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of durban several weeks ago .	south africa 's president jacob zuma has called for an end to ' shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on immigrants from africa and south africa .
snp leader said the ' direction of travel ' was towards independence , as she set out her demands for her to support ed miliband if labour falls short of a majority .	but david cameron warned of the ' frightening ' prospect of the snp holding labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in england , wales and northern ireland .
rachelle owen , 16 , died after being hit by a train close to hoylake .	she was found dead in a flat in toxteth , wirral , on friday night .	police said the death was not being treated as suspicious .	her family said they were suffering a double tragedy .
neo - nazi photographer kenji wardenclyffe captured the neo - nazis in a melbourne protest against the ' islamisation ' of australia .	police were forced to intimidate anti - racism protesters in the face of the ' neo - racism ' in the country .
ambra battilana , 22 , claims he assaulted her at his tribeca grand hotel on friday night .	she arranged to meet with him at the tribeca office in manhattan on thursday night .	weinstein has spoken to police and denies the allegations .
the 30th anniversary of the explosion , which was one of the worst nuclear disaster .	the area was part of the kiev - based tour company , which is about 10 , 000 tourists there each year .	in recent years , visitors are banned from living in the zone , with overnight stays .
unnamed caller gave the operator a blow - by - blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday .	the 7 - minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents , danielle and alexander meitiv , who espouse the hands - off parenting style .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in the u.s. .	the case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states .
the stephens county jury found chancey allen luna guilty in the august 16 , 2013 , death of christopher lane , who was shot in the back while running along a city street in duncan .	defense attorneys acknowledged that luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in , but contended that he meant only to scare lane .
alfred taubman , 91 , died at his home in his home on friday night .	he was a freshman at the university of michigan after a heart attack .	he wrote in a message to the company 's employees , he said .
the glastonbury and arts festival in indio , california , runs for its second weekend from april 17 - 19 .	visitors pay an average of 187 per day according to travel money specialist no .	1 currency .
the shoe that grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes .	the shoe has adjustable points at the front , sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand .
the 55 - year - old has helped her drop two dress sizes , from a 14 to a .	m . in an interview withwoman , she said ' maxine 's changed my life .	i have more energy , ' she said .
british soldier , sergeant norman turgel , 20 , was only kindled because of the generosity and kindness of the camp 's british commandermajor leonard berney .	the love between british soldier , sergeant norman turgel , 20 , was only kindled because of the generosity and kindness of the camp 's british commandermajor leonard berney .
john daniels , 61 , from dunsfold in surrey , has decades of experience working with animals .	he used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture heart - warming shots .
almost a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens .	average one usually containing four species daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips .	survey of 2 , 000 homeowners carried out for lloyds .
the coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 near dartford in kent this morning with only the driver on board .	the fire completely destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach .
mimi was picked to star in the tv advert after seeing off competition from thousands of people around the world .	phil shared the video with the pets at home facebook group earlier this month . '	all the family were ' excited to see the video .
jessica cleland , from wallan , victoria , was 19 when she took her own life on easter saturday last year , after receiving facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her , and that she was a ' f***ing sook' .
residents in victoria and queensland are preparing for a week of colder weather .	the ses is preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of nsw over the next two days .	winds of up to 100km/h are expected to develop in sydney and sydney .
sandwiches and pasta salads can contain more fat , fat , calories and sugar .	it contains 46 .	5g of fat and a 624 - calorie brie and bacon panini .	3g found in a 518 - calorie mcdonalds quarter pounder with cheese .
morgan stanley said the prospect of a labour government reliant on the nationalists would create the greatest uncertainty of any election result .	goldman sachs warned labour would be dragged to the left by the snp .
sir bruce said people should not be ' more cruel to do nothing ' than allowing them to die .	sir bruce 's first wife , penny calvert , was moved into a care home in 2008 .	he visited regularly to help care for her until she died last year .
damon swift and sam coxon are part of a ' blur frontman ' for ' talking platitudes ' .	the blur releases its first album in years this month .	albarn is known for using their music to express their emotions about failed .
italian artist johannes stoetter is a clever piece of sculpture designed to create an amazing illusion .	the 37 - year - old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots but this may be his most intricate and impressive piece to date .	stoetter daubed water - based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect .
peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of 23 , 000 to chiltern railways over a two - and - a - half year period .	he travelled from his oxfordshire home to london marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley , in north west london .	australian - born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to 9 , 714 .
18 per cent of us are now choosing to holiday in the uk compared to 8 per cent five years ago .	the average cost of a wedding is 16 per cent in 2010 .
harvard , 46 , has been charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , and dui .	he was charged with reckless endangerment and dui after driving 11 miles and through seven towns with another man on the hood of his car in springdale , pennsylvania .	harvard said he was ' fearing ' for his life and is not the one .
olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley , are all still in an incubator at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas .	they now have six girls delivered in only four minutes via c - section .
nick loeb has filed a lawsuit against his ex - fiancee sofia vergara in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf , pictured here in 2011 .	court documents , filed under pseudonyms jane and john doe , detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013 .
the child 's infectious giggles can be heard after r2d2 followed him around star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california .	the boy was dressed in a star wars t - shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film , the force awakens .
the u.s. has been beefing up its presence in the gulf of aden and the uss normandy on sunday .	the iranians are supplying weapons to the houthi rebels fighting in yemen .
phillip buchanon was a first - round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002 .	buchanon was a first - round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002 .	buchanon , who also played for the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers , detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011 .
the bloomnigton arrow was found in perfect condition in bloomington , washington county , san francisco .	it was one of 102 found by retired couple , who have travelled across the us to photograph the arrows .
the toyal lotus lid is inspired by the water - repellent nature of a lotus leaf .	german botanist wilhelm barthlott studied the surface of the leaf under a microscope .	the leaf was covered in microscopic bumps in the surface .
number of deaths every year in britain will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades .	funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent in the past 10 years and costs 3, 590 .
the ten houses in australia haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers even after being on the market for up to two years .	among them includes a one - bedroom home in oberon , central west of nsw , which was listed 800 days ago for$299 , 000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent , the property observerreports .
a duffel bag was found outside a biotechnology building in cambridge on saturday morning , and one person was arrested in connection with the death .	the duffel remains were found in a common area in cambridge , massachusetts .	the remains are believed to belong to one person , whose death is being treated as a homicide .
diane morris , 46 , is engaged to mike holpin , 56 , who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women .	ms morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex .
fire crews in south wales say they have been stretched to breaking down .	five children have been questioned by police after 623 .	5 children were arrested on suspicion of fires across the country .
polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers and brings life to dull winter gardens .	the flowers open their ' alabaster petals ' .	you can see them in sun or shade .
guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr .	's feat , the sacramento bee reported .	the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence , according to the sacramento bee .	weber 's flight experience goes back decades: he flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war .
a14 - year - old boy from blackburn , lancashire , was arrested after he allegedly communicated with australian men over a plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in melbourne .	the alleged plot was uncovered by greater manchester police .
deep brain cells , or neurons , can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed .	deep brain stimulation is already used to enhance brain function and ward off diseases such as dementia .
ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off , with the balmy conditions set to continue .	mercury is predicted to soar to 21c ( 70f ) tomorrow , with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week .
alannah hill is the most likely candidate for skin cancer .	hill is taking a three - month break from her doctor 's insistence on the disease .	hill has had part of her toe removed and askin graft from her inner .
alexis keslar was walking with her sons , eli and silas keslar along the canal bank on friday when she was distracted and the stroller tragically rolled away from her into the canal .	police have said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away .
two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition .	the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after a car plunged into the la harbor .
plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .	the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737 - 800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the planes inflatable slides to safety .
one company is offering the chance to learn about the ship at the bottom of the surface of the atlantic .	the titanic is a visit to the museum in belfast , or a viewing of the titanic .
the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast close to the resort city of limassol .	normally , the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto - carotene in their diet .
the video was created by the washington - based american chemical society ( acs ) as part of its reactions series .	these can be used to lift food stains from counter tops or hard surfaces .
beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb .	she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 , living off nothing more than black tea and coffee .
police say they are being ' held to live free of fear , intimidation or ransom ' .	cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at their homes and cars with a air rifles and bb guns through the estate .
the parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have their identities hidden .	they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now cannot be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity .
john coyne attacked his 25 - year - old victim at coyne 's pub in harrow road , central london .	the victim had been on a night out with friends after a night of drinking .
two main uk subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the republic of 1938 .	kelloggs effectively paid no corporation tax in britain in 2013 .	kelloggs has so far not faced criticism for its tax .
former prime minister said he had decades still in him and joked that he would turn to drink if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles .	he told newsweek magazine that his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries .
three - year - old , from hull , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago after his parents , emma , 33 , and chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk .	they were diagnosed with a problem with his muscles and refuses to play games at school .
manuel garza jr .	received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john ' rocky ' riojas in february 2001 .	he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death .
the 21 - year - old is thought to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman jody marson .	she was moved to the goulburn supermax prison because he had an affair with a female officer .
mark hamill , who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films , said he had some reservations about abrams mark hamill knew he had to say yes when george lucas told him about the plans to reprise his role as luke skywalker in star wars: the force awakens .	lucas had told him specifically that he was done making star wars movies after the prequels .
kristen lindsey , 31 , who lives in brenham , texas , allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow , believing it was feral .	but a local rescue center say the cat , believed to be called tiger , was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks .
katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 .	she is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs .	katie is waiting as kentucky medicaid will not pay for the out - of - state - treatment .
the t - pylon is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons .	it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for the second world war .	the new tower is able to carry just as much power - 400 , 000 volts .	it marked the birth of the national grid and is a training line of the less .
christopher barry , a 13 - year - old boy , pleaded guilty to stabbing christopher barry twice in the chest outside his home in edmonton , north london .	the boy , who was known as jack , would not let the boys into the block of flats .
apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia - based nonprofit .	the new solar project in china has a capacity of timberland on the east coast .	apple has announced a new project in the u.s. .
vera maresova , 50 , confessed to killing five women and one man in the north of the country .	the 50 - year - old was initially arrested over the death of a nurse in the victims of the death .
solomon khoorban , a former soldier , has been jailed for 16 years .	he was jailed for the 16 years after attacking a 16 - year - old woman .	he then ordered his terrified victim to wait in the vip area .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen on easter sunday on friday afternoon .	the 26 - year - old was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions .	ms scott was due to marry aaron leeson - woolley on saturday .
the mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a ' leftist ' alternative to hillary clinton as the democratic presidential candidate .	the mayor 's bid for presidency is backed by the working families party , where de blasio refused to back her .
weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway production finding neverland in new york city .	the play , which stars glee star matthew morrison and kelsey grammer , is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp .
a new plane design has been unveiled by zodiac aerospace europe .	the company has revealed their new designs for a little shut - eye .	zodiac aerospace concept has been creating lower deck .
cell phone footage shows actor dennis quaid having a diva - esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie .	the video has emerged appearing to show actor dennis storming off the set.
peter gale was fired from his position at nonsuch high school for girls in cheam , surrey , due to ' serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures .	he was appointed to run the school , which counts singer katie melua .
researchers say the animal 's cerebral cortex is ' like a ' mini - shell ' .	they say the brain operates in a similar way , the researchers found .	the study was published on april 6 .
the stellar bill includes historian david starkey , best - selling novelist charlie higson .	the event attracts more than 30 , 000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a wiltshire field .	entrants will be able to hear first - hand accounts from the last .
clarkson 's ' end of an unprovoked ' 30 - second physical attack on producer oisin hammond .	clarkson has been said to be keen to return to the show if she was invited .
the 18 - year - old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be raped by the man and left for dead in leeds last month .
louise shepherd had been hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north - western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .	ms shepherd , from cobham , surrey , had taken a ' gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world .
zipporah lisle - mainwaring has been accused of failing to replace her father .	she is accused of trying to fly out with her family and family of her family .	she has been charged with failing to pass on her husband 's death in 1942 .
ethan czahor has launched clear which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer .	users can search for keywords such as gay , black or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them .
the two presidents spoke by phone on wednesday for only the second , known time in as many years .	jorge leganoa , deputy director of cuba 's national information agency , made the disclosure to the associated press , and a white house official later told reporters traveling with the administration , ' i can confirm that president obama spoke with president castro on wednesday , before president obama departed washington .
the $10 million program will be giving the option of receiving a refund .	the 25 , 000 ticket - holders who won't be able to make monday 's event will be moved to wednesday .
the 14 - year - old hampton park man has been charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' .	he was arrested on suspicion of ' butchering him ' to death with a meat cleaver and knives in a terrorist attack .
the naked bodies of the alleged attackers were driven around garissa before the pickup truck parked at a primary school in the primary school .	it comes as survivorcynthia cheroitich , 19 , who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive , was rescued after al - shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college on thursday .
37 - year - old women are told they are ' vital to the success of the british economy ' .	a series of letters have been drawn up with carefully pre - crafted messages .
elena curtin of portland , oregon , was seven - months pregnant when she was charged with second - degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 .	she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday becausecurtin , 23 , was ' completely justified in her outrage' .
japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series .	the action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world , and demonstrates how to make all kinds of fun - sized food , from noodle dishes and cheeseburgers to tagines , fried chicken and even cake .
freshman lawmaker 's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the democratic party over late - term abortion and paul'sdeclarationthat she seems to be ' ok with killing a 7 - pound baby .
the duke and duchess of cambridge will be the queen 's fifth great - grandchild .	the queen , who was resplendent in a fuchsia coat and a matching hat , appeared in the saddle .
the cardboard gnome appeared on the cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper 's album .	it was signed by all four band member peter blake and jann haworth .	the album cover ended up going to an unnamed buyer for 29 , 000 .
daria rose , a 18 - year - old , was accepted to seven ivy league schools .	she has been accepted into all seven of the schools she applied to , abc news reports .	rose , 18 , has a bright future ahead of her .
ashley 's boyfriend , justin mccray , popped the question to her while she was surprised her with an engagement ring of her own .	ashley 's co - worker , ashley roberts , was ' surprised ' by her boyfriend , ashley , who was live on the wedding .
victor agbafe , 17 , was accepted into all eight ivy league schools .	the 17 - year - old got into 14 schools in wilmington , north carolina .	describes himself as a ' passionate , yale ' and ' [UNK] .
240 machines are still not upgraded , motoristswithout old - style coinsmust use 1 .	85 for an hour and a half and 3 .	10 for a typical 1 .	25 hour 's parking - handing the council a 15p profit .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories .	the model appears with 22 - year - old flo dron & other hair collection .	she was still commanding 1 , 000 a day for her work .
graham leonard , who was returning to scotland after attending a manchester united football match , grabbed the pa microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin .
wi has now been told it must pay the cakes to 5 , 000 women .	it has been a military exercise for retired home - made by two wi - millionaire bakers .	the royal albert hall declined to confirm the amount of the cakes .
michigan micro mote contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light , including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight .	this line of ' smart dust ' devices includes computers equipped with imagers ( with motion detection ) , temperature sensors and pressure sensors .
the tiny house is sandwiched between two 750 , 000 .	the buyer will have to pay 27 , 000 in the stamp duty .	the advert has been snapped up for .
former mob enforcer in rhode island with ties to late new england crime boss raymond l .	s . patriarca , suspected of having a role in up to eight murders , ' ran ' the federal prison in north carolina in the 1970s and even had booze , drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis .	ouimette had more than 10 convictions during his criminal career , including one for punching an fbi agent .
a 16 - year - old girl was arrested on suspicion of engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism .	the boy was arrested after police raided a house in longsight , manchester .
more than 46 per cent of her u.s. facebook followers are active in using the social media platform .	at least 400 , 000 of her facebook fans are older than 46 , 000 likes .
the quaint capital city put on one hell of a show at the weekend for its inaugural cubadupa festival in the city 's cuba street .	the capital city was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen on easter sunday on friday afternoon .	the 26 - year - old was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions .	ms scott was due to marry aaron leeson - woolley on saturday .
the 18 - year - old was punched in the stomach and punched her in the heartbeat .	she was jailed for assaulting his mother and his mother .	the girl , who flew into the stomach , was taken to hospital where she was .
92 - year - old eileen mason , 92 , had been to a lunch club meeting in swindon , wiltshire , when an ' evil looking ' was a ' bit of a blur ' .	mrs mason and margaret seabrook , 75 , have been to take the contents of mrs seabrook 's scooter basket , before turning to the ground .
large amounts of ice are not just at the martian poles , but they are in the middle of an ice age .	the ice closer to the equator was an important part of the ice age , which arrived in 1971 .
former secretary of state gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir , hard choices , released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run .
olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , died in a bonus trip .	the friends had been using the stations unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to cambridge when they were hit by a through train bound for stansted airport .	the network rail was later convicted of criminal negligence and fined 1 million over the deaths .
queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday .	the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny .	fortunately , ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ' the joe and jenny ' in noosa on sunday .
the orb then knocks a green ball into the center pocket .	in less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close .	the clip was uploaded by youtube user honda4ridered .	in another video the skilled billiards player shows viewers how to .
carol chandler , 53 , is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s .	she is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of child sex abuse .	five people have been charged by officers from operation winthorpe .
david totton , 36 , admitted driving a hired white peugeot rcz into the doors of club liv , a nightspot popular with footballers in central manchester .	totton , who survived being shot in the head in 2006 , tried to claim the attack had been meant as ' a joke ' and ' a prank ' and he didn't mean to intimidate anyone .
anarda de shannon shannon shannon , 37 , was found dead in gibraltar earlier this week .	police believe perez friman , a spanish national of cuban descent , is believed to be the culprit .	mr shannon , from gibraltar , is said to have been ' suffering from post - natal depression ' .
ana elizondo , 27 , was arrested in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot .	she was sentenced to 34 years in prison in 2012 in 2012 in 2012 .	the kidnappers introduced her to his mother 's head .
british children 's cook book goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend .	annabel karmel has slammed pete evans ' bone broth recipe in his book'bubba yum yum - the paleo way' .
39 per cent of voters say they will back the conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for labour .	the survey comes after the tories announced their key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to 1million .
larry reid , 73 , is charged with driving drunk and hitting a police officer .	he was arrested and charged with battery of a 73 - year - old brother .	reid was arrested for driving across the road in the city city city .
dame barbara walker , national director of commissioning operations for nhs england , was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients .	she was investigated by the general medical council , which said there was no case to answer .
lance corporal leonard keysor was awarded the vc for his 48 - hour effort .	he was awarded a victoria cross winner ben roberts - smith who was hosting the sunday night special to the anzac centenary .
australian foreign minister julie bishop is australia 's highest - ranking official to visit iran in 12 years .	michelle obama attracted criticism for refusing to wear a headscarf during her visit to iran .	the foreign minister was asked to cover her head in keeping with local custom .
valerie rutty , a 60 - year - old , was supposed to pay for new school kit .	the money was raised by parents and pupils over a period of up to three years at the school in greater manchester .	rutty had been stealing from the children and parents .
madonna faced a barrage of criticism from her gay fanbase today after posting a photograph of former prime minister margaret thatcher and ' thanking ' her for her service .	the singer , who has a large gay fanbase , offended fans who reminded her that thatcher enacted legislation that banned ' promoting ' homosexuality in 1988 .
marks and spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 miraval rose .	the 18 - a - bottle wine is produced at the couple 's chateau miraval estate .	they married in august last year after having purchased it for 41million .
dr chris van tulleken with a range of packets that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using clever marketing to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products .	some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging throughout their ranges .
the terrier , named cookie , barked at joseph devaney , 23 , and kieron rolstron , 22 , as they burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money .	but as owners john and emma evans watched in horror , devaney brought down the machete on the animal 's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims .
richard clements , a 62 - year - old , is believed to have been mowing grass outside his home in wattisham , suffolk .	a man , in his 60s , has died after the ride - on lawnmower he was trapped in a pond .	his family had been told that he was riding a lawnmower and went into the pond .	the incident occurred in the quiet village of wattisham , wattisham .
police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham .	they found a 19 - year - old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers .	a murder investigation has been launched .
jessica edgeington , of villa rica , georgia , was a skilled diver known for a type of high - speed sport called ' swooping' , where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition .	she died after plummeting to the ground at the skydive deland in deland , florida .
timothy mcveigh was identified as a suspect in the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago .	the blast killed 168 people in the u.s. federal building in 2001 .
the black - and - white clip has spread like wildfire , clocking up over 1 .	25 million views in under a week and gaining coverage on leading media outlets around the globe .	the clip shows adam and matt , who choose not to give their full names , approach a busdriver and a 7 - eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys .
jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , met her new york 's new man .	she tried to get rid of her former tattoo 's name from her forearm .	she applied to burn it off with acid on her tattoo .
doug gregory , 92 , only retired from his job as a stunt pilot two years ago .	the 92 - year - old was knocked down by a car outside a petrol station .
father identified only as john to protect his familys privacy .	he said dealers made the drugs incredibly cheap and available to hook their children .	the father said he became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy after buying the drugs .
amanda burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery shutting off the blood supply from the placenta was wrong .	since the 1950s , when doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage , they have clamped the cord within seconds of birth .
chelsea clinton was just a twelve - year - old from arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls .	her curls quickly began to fade , appearing more and more controlled as the years wore on , before eventually vanishing completely .	chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much - loved ringlets insisting that , far from being an intentional style change .
christopher stefanoni , a 50 - year - old from darien , has been kicked off his team and put in a lower - ranking one .	the town of darien , a town of 21 , 000 with a median household income of $200 , 000 , says his son demoted in the little league to punish him for threatening the town 's overwhelmingly .
the mummies in the tombs were uncovered in dozens of tombs in peru 's peru 's cotahuasi valley .	each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies , with infants kept in small containers , and others repeatedly eaten .
guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson - woolley 's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue 2km outside the tiny town of eugowra , in new south wales ' central west region .
gopher tortoises are unable to swim like the sea turtle in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles .	florida wildlife officials warn that people should not interfere with the animal 's sea turtle .
gang of four were spotted trying to escape along a busy road in a dramatic police chase after holding up a cash and carry the chase was captured on camera .	they have now been jailed at birmingham crown court for trial last month .
husband andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic ephraim norman , 24 , after getting off a bus close to his home in croydon , south london , in april last year .	the 52 - year - old had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack , which was only stopped when police dragged him off .
stephen akers - belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior .	photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship , 323 miles from his patch .
police say 35 - year - old donnell graham shot his wife , shaquana graham and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury township .	police say he was in the room next to the one where the shooting occurred .
electrons generated by plants such as moss , he said he can create useful energy that could be used at home or elsewhere .	university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy .	by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock ( shown ) .
kathleen bailey , 70 , was given a suspended jail sentence after admitting stealing from her friend 's bank account of her dying friend 's account .	she was also ordered to pay 1 , 000 to her victim 's estate in north wales .
at least $4 billion in the u.s. tax rebate paid zero income taxes in 2014 .	the report was made over $4 billion on the tax rebate in the last year 's tax .	mattel says it 's not enough to get rid of the money .
nate silver said both main parties will struggle to cobble together any kind of workable majority .	the news comes as an american pollster who predicted the results of the 2008 us presidential election .
the attack occurred at alverta b .	b . gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york , on wednesday .	the attack happened wednesday afternoon at the time of the day .	police say the teacher had ' put her hands ' on her daughter 's home .
brad pitt is known as the ' celebrity whisperer' , a woman whose astonishing skill in honing hollywood talent made an icon out of a man who used to stand on street corners dressed as a chicken .
seven - day - old foal nuzzling sunny bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly .	the young rider from kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal 's silly antics .
tom o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation .	the 69 - year - old was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised .
mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday .	the tasmanian - born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of aabenraa .	the crown princess stepped out solo for her royal duties , following a week of family celebrations honouring the 75th birthday of queen margarethe ii .
bobby brown visited his stricken daughter bobbi kristina at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , where his daughter is being cared for .	the daughter of whitney houston was recently moved from emory university hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on january 31 - so she could be provided with long term care .
lelisa desisa , 25 , won the women 's division with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 24 minutes , 55 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day .	security was on high alert for potential threats to competition 's 119th .
users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates .	many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights .	google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency .
the woman , who was with three friends , is believed to have lost her footing and fell from the south of cambridge .	the cam is at least six to seven feet deep in the cam .
vincent viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak .	the 46 - year - old was not ' wearing a ' life jacket ' and is still missing .
the oklahoma city bombing , planted by veteran us army soldier timothy mcveigh , killed 168 american people .	one photograph encapsulated the terror: a firefighter emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of baylee almon .	her 23 - year - old single mother saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day .
savage swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on the backs area of the cambridge river .	mr asbo , the swan believed to be his grandfather , was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities after repeatedly attacking rowers .	the swan believed to be his grandfather , was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 .
kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on from washington after seven years of acting as the first lady 's go - to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks .	jarvis entered the family 's orbit in 2005 when she joined obama 's senate office .
qasr al - farid is the largest of the most important tombs in the city of the arabian peninsula .	it is located on one of the major world heritage site in al - ula .
sheila elkan , the great - grandmother - of - five , has lived in the house in hillingdon , north - west london , since 1986 .	she lives in the three - bedroom detached house that featured as the leadbetters ' home in the classic 1970s tv series .
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle - tacoma international airport .	passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo hold .
comedian rik mayall failed to leave a valid will deal with his 1 .	2 million estate .	experts say he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a tax - bike accident .
brayden travis , 15 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend 's home in st charles county , missouri in early march .	he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage .	his mother said he will likely remain in a vegetative state , his mother says .
social services minister scott morrison confirms that the government is actively researching possible legislation changes , as conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits .	the hard - line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32 - day - old perth baby riley hughes died after contracting whooping cough .
the award - winning pennyhill park has a 45 , 000sq ft spa , 21 treatment rooms , a two michelin - starred restaurant and eight swimming pools inside the high - end hotel .
the 84 - year - old died on friday in the car accident in sydney on friday .	benaud said he was ' coping with it .	i wish i had , ' he said .	he was influenced by the example of the cricket commentary .
alice kovach - suehn , 96 , was arrested after police found the man in her care .	the 96 - year - old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and dog feces .	the victim 's care was discovered covered in filth and a dog .
11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park - north - east of melbourne .	the 11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park - north - east of melbourne .	the 11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park , northeast of melbourne .
a third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to wash their own car .	cars are most likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt .	only five per cent of those surveyed say they do it regularly .
groups of men and women were asked whether they would kill a child .	the study found that more men than women would die in the short term .	women are more reluctant to cause any sex work for money .
nfl has reinstated adrian peterson ( above ) , allowing him to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings .	the vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster , and he was set to earn $12 .	75million for the upcoming season , but peterson and his camp had taken issue with the team'schief operating officer , kevin warren .
robert knowles , 68 , is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959 .	the pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record , which includes 200 thefts and dozens more for other dishonest offences .
singer miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved - perhaps she 's onto something , as there may be health benefits to having an ample covering of fuzz .	hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal .
christine royles , 24 , of south portland , is suffering from a kidney failure .	the donor , josh dall - leighton said this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him .	the surgery has been scheduled for may .
alexis tsipras , greeces prime minister , will meet vladimir putin in moscow today , amid reports that the kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the west .	mr tsipras condemned the wests economic sanctions on moscow as a road to nowhere .
queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday .	the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny .	fortunately , ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ' the joe and jenny ' in noosa on sunday .
mukesh mukesh , 12 , from india , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body .	his father , mukesh ahirwar , 40 , and mother sumitra ahirwar , 35 , and his son , 14 , have been married to a 14 - year - old .
41 - year - old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the new year .	she had a medical emergency on new year 's eve after inhaling an earring into her throat , and she heard a coarse rattle when she shook it .	doctors said the earring was stuck in the womans lungs .
channel 's director , yves bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning .	isis hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris - based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning .
the predicted life expectancy has increased by 1 .	2 per cent for older women .	the falls could expect to invest in care for an ageing population .	it could mark the end of the life expectancy and is now in the world .
margaret bates , from mottram , tameside , is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17 - year - old daughter kelly - anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover james smith .	she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed smith when she first met him .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim .	she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and squirted him with her [UNK] .	he was playing with a friend on his way to britain to stay with familywho .
niloofar rahmani , 23 , is the first female pilot in the afghan military since the fall of the taliban in 2001 .	she and nine other women from across the world were awarded the u.s. secretary of state 's international women of courage award .
the idea is inspired by a popular ' anime ' anime ' backless ' .	the idea was inspired by the anime character whose ribbon - bound arms and chest has become her signature .
the 25 - year - old royal , who has been living in the us for a year now , looked glamorous as she arrived at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday .	the cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment .
ian gibson , 55 , was a lauded figure among u.s. safari enthusiasts .	he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in zimbabwe 's zambezi valley when the animal charged , and knelt on gibson until he died .	the dallas safari club is paying for gibson 's funeral .
stunning illusion is the work of german body - painting artist joerg duesterwald , who spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings .	his shoots are complex and he works hard to ensure that the camera settings and location are perfect to get the best quality images .
roy day , 29 , and lundie lundie , 26 , stole 160 , 000 worth of luxury cars .	roy day and gerard lundie jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court .
89 - year - old is set to make a guest appearance in the bbc soap next week as sister ruth .	her character will offer advice to jessie wallaces character kat moon , who is suicidal after struggling to deal with sexual abuse she suffered as a child .
children of the fisher - price set to be designed to help teach children to read and spell .	it is thought that around one in 10 , 000 of people have been synaesthesia .
the film revolves around a wildlife preservationist who lives with his wife and children alongside a number of wild lions , tigers , cheetahs and elephants .	its re - release is due to be shown at a handful of cinemas in the us in april .
leanne , 23 , from northwich , cheshire , weighed a size 20 when she broke down in a shop changing room when she couldn't fit into a store 's size 24 .	she weighed 19st 3lb and weighs in just a size 14 .	leanne has a size 24 and weighs 6 stone .
former presbyterian ladies ' college student may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father , mother and eldest brother .	marli van breda , 16 , suffered severe head and throat injuries .
easter act was passed in parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in april .	the easter act was passed in parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in april .
a number of people are paying around 150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden in london which are owned by housing associations .	under conservative plans to give tenants the chance to own their own homes , people living in homes .
president barack obama announced today $200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq .	abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other iraq , he said .
the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood , played by robin wright .	lunch is never just lunch when you're dining in the shadow of capitol hill .	the lincoln memorial was built to sell washington to foreign visitors .
the prime minister said the ' dream of home ownership is alive ' .	he said ' the greatest sunshine that there can possibly be ' included helping more people but their home , as well as getting a job and having .
nine members of the liana 's ransom were scooped by coast guard life boats on tuesday , leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland , massachusetts .	the boat was towed to kittery point yacht yard in eliot , massachusetts , on tuesday .
jake shaw , 21 , had been celebrating the swiss national day with friends with drinking games called ' power hour ' and ' ring of fire ' .	the 21 - year - old was airlifted to hospital in bern .
hannah suffered stretchmarks after giving birth to twin girls lily and grace with fiance david johnstone , 22 , in june last year .	the 20 - year - old had posted images of her post - pregnancy stretchmarks on instagram to delete her account .
police say all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .	police have warned that if the money was inside the truck will be picked up .	police say anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted .
cat , who was stuck behind a wall in a cairo train station for five years .	he survived thanks to an elderly man named uncle abdo , who gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day .
chantelle doherty was involved in a raid on the home of a 92 - year - old man in which she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky , a decanter and a credit card .	lawrence was jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud .
teenager fell asleep after drinking gatorade laced with vodka at a friend 's party in their hometown of saratoga .	audrie 's parents , lawrence and sheila pott , filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable for their actions .
binh wagner , 3 , and her sister phuoc were left with fromalagille syndrome , which was a life - threatening genetic condition that causes a loss of the bile ducts .	the parents have asked that media not try to track down the liver .
sheriff mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds in a scuffle outside the restaurant in northfield , birmingham on friday afternoon .	it comes after officers arrested another 18 - year - old on suspicion of murder on friday .	officers found a 19 - year - old man who has also suffered serious stab wounds being treated by customers at a nearby barbershop .
dante de blasio is expected to make his decision by the end of the month .	the mayor 's son , who is 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school , has been accepted into several universities .
louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold .	she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter 's boyfriend .	she filed a unfair dismissal complaint with the fair work commission .
anti - fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis .	in laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation - like coating around nerve fibres .
42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks , known as extra vehicular activities , on gopro cameras outside the iss on february 25 and march 1 .	the spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft , which nasa hope will be in operation by 2017 .
shannon dooley says class goers tend to adopt a complete alter ego as their costume collection grows .	shannon dooley has founded ' retrosweat ' - an eighties - inspired aerobics class .	founded by former nida graduate shannon dooley .
nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at general election .	party strategist said ' something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list .
justin jackson , a florida man , has been accused of posing as oprah winfrey .	he is accused of pretending to be a host of celebrity - linked characters .	jackson is being sued by oprah 's tv network as well as love .
lisa courtney owns the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon items , having 25 , 000 of her life .	the 26 - year - old lisa courtney , from japan , has spent most of her daughter 's life collecting pokemon memorabilia .
nasa scientists proposed that the ocean of storms was in fact the result of the formation of ancient rift valleys .	the two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar surface taken over a 2009 period .
married father - of - one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london .	footageshows the prospective parliamentary candidate who calls himself an advocate of womens rights attempting to touch her arms and thighs , which is against the venues policy .	staff said nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been outrageous .
palestinian boy pelted the israeli police with stones as violence erupted during a rally in the northern west bank .	soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd after more than 100 palestinians rallied near israel 's separation barrier in the village of bilin , with some throwing stones .
delroy facey is accused of conspiring with non - league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery .	facey is alleged to have tried to corrupt greater manchester - based hyde fc player .
david adam pate from lancaster , north carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33 - year - old ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 .	police found at least 20 knives , both store bought and homemade , and more than 20 masks in the woodland found the victim 's decomposing body .
wandsworth council in london has announced that it is set to remove the rulegiving an automatic place to a pupil 's brothers and sisters even if the family has moved out of the catchment area .	80 , 000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school , with more than 20 , 000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices .
first in the world , the first of the world was the first time they have been seen in the waters off the coast of the uk .	the seals may have developed a taste for great white sharks .
nicholas and kseniya soukerascan't agree over whether to name their child spyridon or michael , which nicholas says his wife will shorten to mischa ' the argument is serious its not a joke , ' kseniya , 33 , told thenew york post .
ryan wray , 26 , is charged with second - degree felony forcible sexual assault on friday .	the frat 's executive vice president was supposed to appear in the school 's pi kappa alpha chapter .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , has been sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine - year - old sister in a crash 45 years ago .	brent 's father , herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine - month sentence for dangerous driving .
alarm clock , called wak , rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound .	the wall - mounted device creates a personal sunrise and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner .
analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of oil reserves in the weald basin , near gatwick airport .	the potential goldmine in the uk could meet up to a third of the oil demand .
yazidi girl is pregnant after suffering horrific sexual abuse at the hands of isis militants in northern iraq , aid workers report .	the yazidi girl has recently been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the islamic state , where women and young girls from the religious minority are known to be ' sex slaves' .
the church has been donated 1 .	5m to the bath abbey .	the church is now known to church officials but has asked not to be named .	the cash will be put towards the abbey 's restoration fund , which is aiming to repair the collapsing floor , and expand the building .
amy hughes , 26 , has been diagnosed with a 53 - year - old daughter .	amy raise money for a family daughter who was diagnosed with the 53 marathons .	amy is now working with the dame kelly holmes .
the dolphin capital of britain 's new quay , cardigan bay , wales .	this is the best spot in britain for 150 - year - old john ogroats , scotland .	time to vist: all year .
pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease , multiple sclerosis .	a 30 - year - old woman , known only as hollie , wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 .
jessica has been missing since her home in sydney on wednesday .	her husband , jessica 's husband , has made a desperate plea for information about her disappearance .	jessica 's father , sabino matera , said she was ' out of [UNK] .
the st .	louis blues forward ryan reaves proved on sunday that hockey players truly are some of the toughest men in sports .	after being checked face - first into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook , reaves went to the bench and pulled out his own tooth .	reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth .
researchers at hadassah medical schoolin jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue expectant mums really do bloom - for being pregnant has a ' rejuvenating effect ' on women .	researchers studied the effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non - pregnant mice using a high - tech mri scanner at the hadassah medical school in jerusalem .
the wmo has been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016 .	the hurricane committee also backed mexico 's request to retire the name odile because of the storm ( half ) .
her father , 61 - year - old doug hughes , landed the aircraft on the west lawn last wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody .	he is now under house arrest at their ruskin , florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no - fly zone , a charge that could send him to prison for four years .
julia van herck , 42 , from fulham , west london , underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone after tying the knot withstefan in 1993 .	she wore a size 26 to size 28 and would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice - cream and family - sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her .	mum - of - three julia van herck gained 12 stone ( left , at her heaviest ) after binge eating following post - natal depression and amid fears that her husband would leave her .
a 12 - year - old girl , 12 , was kidnapped from her home in syria in iraq .	she was taken to prison in syria and was jailed for three days having sex with isis .	the names of yazidi women and girls have been separated from their families .
hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica .	the frog was discovered in 1872 and has a dominant frequency of 3 .	5cm . it 's likely to have originated in south america .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at a woolworths supermarket on easter sunday .	she was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday .	police have launched a state - cd search for a high school teacher .
the interactive map was created by writer levi pearson , who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb .	it begins in 1933 with the first ufo sightings being spotted over california and nebraska in the us , the uk and france in europe and australia .	the number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world , according to the map .
the battle between lenders has intensified in recent months .	hsbc is consistently in the top five - year fixed rate below 2 per cent .	it is expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies .
blue peter viewers had to attend a meeting with the security services director - general andrew parker .	they were allowed to film inside the mi5 building in the offices of the spy school .
emma hannigan , 42 , was diagnosed with breast cancer in the last year .	she was told she carried the faulty gene , which increases a woman 's chance of getting breast cancer .	she has battled cancer nine times , including four bouts in one year .
youtuber dave haxs solution does away with peelers , and instead lets boiling the skin off the potato - hey presto , perfectly peeled potatoes .	the video , which was uploaded only five days ago on 10 april has already received more than 1 .
zachary davis was arrested aged 15 for the murder of his mother and attempted murder of his brother a tennessee teenager on trial for murder .	davis is charged with first - degree murder and aggravated arson and the court was shown gruesome images of the crime scene as his trial began on monday .
nadine 's mother - of - four was stunned to discover she was pregnant .	she was stunned when she had polycystic ovary syndrome following her birth of her son joshua 18 months ago .	she stopped taking the triplets because she had ' polycystic ovaries ' shortly after she was expecting .
more than a third of those held in captivity in vietnam , have been butchered in the past year alone with up to four bears inexplicably killed in one day on some farms .	sources say owners are killing them to ' extract the last ounce of blood ' and selling their body parts to make chinese .
organizers of the school 's anti - gay day protest the school of lbgt students who participated in the day of silence event .	the event was held last thursday and allegations of harassment were brought to the attention of the anti - silence .
water - conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so - called ' gray water ' to help them meet the unprecedented new water - use restrictions imposed by governor last week .	the average person uses the bathroom what at least five times a day .
the teddy , named beaumont bear , is expected to sell for 10 , 000 .	flight lieutenant stephen beaumont was one of the 3 , 000 pilots in his squadron .	the teddy bear has gone on sale for 2 , 000 when it goes under the hammer .
ed sheeran , who is currently touring new zealand , was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia .	ms knight had planned on being at sheeran 's concert in auckland hospital .	just two weeks later she was forced to give up her tickets due to her .
richard rogers , a king kamehameha ii , was the first luxury ocean - going yacht in the u.s. when it was sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago .	the ship was buried in 10 feet of the wreckage of a ship belonging to liholiho , the second .
robot , named bb - 8 , took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , where it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body .	jj abrams , the films director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how it works .
former head of the nhs says it will not provide enough cash to keep the service going .	he was branded the ' man with no shame ' after failing to resign over mid staffs scandal .
nigel short , 49 , said women are not suited to playing chess .	nigel short said women should accept they were ' hard - wired very differently ' .	mr short , who was the first english player to play a world champion .
mary kay letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with barbara walters for'20/20' , which will air tonight .	the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle .
al - labani is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence .	he was killed in mortar attack last week , his family says .	yemen has been trapped in the conflict .
vitamin e , found in foods such as kale and almonds can mitigate the stress on immune cells .	researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin e , found in foods such as kale and almonds , can mitigate the stress on immune cells .
the app has been developed with the wellness institute of the cleveland clinic , the university of colorado anschutz health and wellness centre , and unitedhealthcare .	actor jonah hill , pictured in june 2014 , is seen on the left at his normal weight , and on the right he is shown with a digital weight loss of 60lbs .
hillary clinton 's now - famous mystery mobile , an oversized , armored chevy van , stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from new york to the american midwest .
mohammed waqar , 23 , and mohammed siddique , 60 , are accused of assaulting a boy at the mosque in sparkbrook , birmingham .	the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the jamia mosque in birmingham .
james moody , 24 , was sent away to the family of the titanic 's sister christopher moody , the brother of 24 - year - old officerjames moody , who died after the titanic hit an iceberg .	the remains of mr moody 's body were sent away from the titanic when the titanic struck an iceberg in halifax .
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond - encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen .	when she lost it , she suspected their 90 - pound baby mastiff had swallowed it up .
the st .	louis post - dispatch reports that the course has been stripped of the race , and while schler 's spot in the event has now been vacated by officials .	the winner of the winner was named this year .
the high - end resort is renowned as being one of the best to the world 's best in the algarve for the first time .	it is the only time to be the best for the north .
delonte ' martistee , 22 , of georgia and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , charged on friday with sexual battery .	the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and likened the scene to ' wild animals preying on a florida beach .
space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra - terrestrials within a decade .	the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra - terrestrials within a decade .	the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra - terrestrials within a decade .
marisa curlen , 20 , was found dead in her dormitory room at james madison university in the university of rye , new york and a member of the new york .	the 20 - year - old student was found unresponsive in her room at the sorority house in conway , california .
cristina coria , a stay - at - home mom , helped police nab the man and her husband at a gas station parking lot near i - 45 in houston , texas .	the truck was stolen from coria 's driveway , khoureported , 45 , and her bed and wheels had been set up .
andras vass , 25 , was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies this week after grooming fellow hungarians online then keeping them captive in new york city and miami .	vass brought men to america with the promises of easy work and high wages .
more than 2 , 000 families have fled the iraqi city of ramadi district anbar province .	on wednesday , some 400 , 000 iraqis have fled on the streets of the city outskirts of ramadi .	iraqi forces have been dispatched to ramadi .
just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change .	just half of americans think global warming ranges from an estimated 50 states , tennessee , to a 20th century .
four south african men suspected of killing emmanuel sithole in alexandra township near johannesburg on saturday .	anti - immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks and the government has been sent to troops .
manchester airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights .	some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports while a police helicopter scoured the area .
scientists say they have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as antarctica and concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade .	the gases - desflurane , isoflurane and sevoflurane - are potent greenhouse gases that have 2 , 500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide .
missouri national guard referred to protesters as ' enemy forces ' during demonstrations last year .	the national guard was first activated in august after missouri governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency when riots broke out .
the harry potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997 .	researchers found the common use of ' arousing words ' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion .
prime minister has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family .	he admits the comparison is ' not great' , with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11 - year - old .
almond growers in california , which supplies more than three - quarters of the world 's $4 .	almond milk market , is in the fourth year of drought .	the almond industry has garnered more than 150 , 000 signatures .
google introduced the app in february as a ' safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ' family - focused content ' .	but the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it 's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials .
palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements and other messages since last year .	palmer , who lives in skelton and works out of middlesbrough , has worked on trains since 2006 .
nina pham contracted ebola while caring for the first u.s. patient to die from the deadly disease .	she was caring for thomas eric duncan , a doctor on october 16 videotaped pham , who was in a hospital bed .	the hospital says it respected pham 's privacy and acted with her consent .
zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in - person at price 's olivette home in olivette , missouri .	she was told shortly after delivery that the baby had died at the hospital .
atlanta hawks player thabo sefolosha was arrested for breaking his leg .	he was wrestled over by officers and grabbed around the neck last week .	he said he has experienced a ' significant injury ' and ' significant [UNK] .
h3n2 and b/phuket caused a spike in deaths in europe and the u.s. .	stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected in the next northern winter .
tyrus byrd , 40 , was sworn in office in parma last week , but the election was overshadowed by the departure of the police force , the outgoing mayor says .	mrs byrd , the city attorney , has spent 36 years in the job .
scientists from the universities of sydney , harvard , stanford and mit have created a range of synthetic eyes that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease .	they say it could mean rather than getting glasses to correct their vision .	it could even allows organs damaged by cancer .
stephen king , who penned shawshank redemption and the shining , slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini - series .	finally , three years later , the dark tower is on the way to big and small screens .
cindy santamaria - williams , of stroudsburg , pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday .	police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught .
the youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a nile .	the young boy crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side .	the fish breaks the surface of the big monster fish .
coming up with a diy punishment for a naughty child is a tricky business .	some cunning parents put their child 's favourite possession , like a book or a teddy , while others resort to a diy lecture .
mumia abu - jama was convicted of killing a philadelphia police officer .	she has now been suspended without pay for the investigation .	the letters were delivered to mumia mumia mumia mumia , abu - jamal in prison .
the ceremony was organised by a new social media app designed for pets .	the app has gained millions of users in three months chinese olympic gymnast and gold medallist teng haibin .	the 21 - year - old was married to teng .
the shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five - point rise in the main market .	the main rate has been brought down under the coalition from 28 per cent to 21 per cent .
brighton holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the lewis carroll classic , with not one but two alice in wonderland themed houses to stay in .	the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds .	the chairs are shaped like teacups with plush cushions for comfort .
the number of australians visiting bali over the past two months was up 16 .	7 per cent from the same period last year , with more arriving than any other nationality .	indonesia institute president ross taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about indonesia among fellow nationals .
' smelling divine was the real key to a man 's heart , ' says mandy aftel . '	humans are mammals and though we're highly evolved , ' she says .	spend vast amounts of time and money .
morrissey , 55 , has been banned from the sydney opera house in may .	the irish - born star has also responded to the just group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool .	morrissey has responded to peta with the sale of meat products .
barbie has ' thousands ' of pieces , most of which are one - of - a - kind .	hit the city for the original @barbie page , which has 434 , 000 followers .
ophelia conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot at her home in holmer green , buckinghamshire , but was left hanging mid air by her neck .	the furniture boss who supplied the beds , phillip dickens , who was described as the ' king of diy ' was today fined 50 , 000 and given a suspended prison sentence .
michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect jalin smith - walker in connection to the monday evening fight , but as of thursday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman .	in december , she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting .
stefan stoykov , 18 , moved to us from bulgaria as an eight - year - old .	he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet .	he was accepted in to all eight ivy league schools .
chloe jackson , 19 , appeared on today 's this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely .	43 per cent of 18 to 34 - year - olds admitted they wished they had more friends online .
russian leader vladimir putin would be happy with ed miliband as prime minister because he cannot be trusted to keep our trident submarines .	defence secretary michael fallon led a ferocious assault on the labour leader claiming he is a ' backstabber ' who cannot be trusted not to sell out in a ' grubby ' deal .
mcdonald 's has defended the use of the anti - homeless spikes .	critics say they have been put in because they are ' uncomfortable ' to be homeless .	mcdonald 's says it is only about anti - social behaviour .
awel manyang , five , is recovering in hospital after being taken by a crocodile .	the children 's father , five - year - old akon guode , says she was ' innocent ' .	mr manyang 's partner , joseph tito manyang , was taken to hospital .
the oklahoma transportation network company services act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity .	however , sen .	jason smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination .
real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers .	it 's expected to fetch upwards of $2 .	5m putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out , just like this home for sale in sandy bay in tasmania .
jo burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $40 million in its first four years .	the 43 - year - old was invited to visit necker island with a group other entrepreneurs . '	i was ' running a services company with an 80 million dollar turnover .
the argentine government said it was taking legal action against british oil firms .	it follows a provocative speech by argentinian president cristina fernandez de kirchner .	the islanders have a perfect right to develop their oil off the islands .
hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis .	she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad , commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention , to be banned .
john frost says hewouldnt trust a nun with a crutch during his career as a customs specialist at london .	frost has had to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you as they try to sneak through the top .
karen buckley , 24 , disappeared from the glasgow club in the early hours of sunday morning without collecting her coat .	cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat .
keith macdonald , 29 , from sunderland , has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers .	he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he 's split from the unborn child 's mother .	he says he 's back on the dating market , and the baby in question is not .
the man was found on the streets of gniezno , western poland , in february .	he has no memory of who he is or where he is in the hope that he is from .	he told police he appeared disorientated and was walking into traffic .
freddie gray , 27 , died sunday after he ' hadhis spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation .	baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings - blakevowed to ensure the city held ' the right people accountable ' after his early - morning death at the university of maryland shock trauma center .
dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live - in home .	he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years .	his family claim the carer exploited the ' vulnerable ' childless widower .
robin esser , who has worked in national newspapers for 60 years , is no exception .	his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column in the duke of bedford .
david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the past .	this year 's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation .	if you want to bring politics into their special day , the lib dems have created their own 18th birthday cards .
michael che and jay pharoah are both in australia to perform a series of the show .	waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake , saying ' we are two of the three ' clips .
charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air - traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month .	easyjet told its hard - hit passengers to pay 10 fee for proof .
crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response .	analysis of home office figures show that in areas such as bedfordshire as well as devon and cornwall , response times are now at least 50 per cent longer than they were three years ago .
robert ewing , 16 , was killed by a 16 - year - old man in september last year .	he was said to have had an ' problem child ' and took advantage of her ' problem ' .	he is accused of murder in 2007 and is charged with murder in the death of the schoolgirl .
the omura 's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa .	it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia .	the whale was found on a whale in 2003 .
the duchess of cambridge refused to let her style icon status slip during her second pregnancy .	the 33 - year - old wore a brown shirt dress from hobbs to visit foster carers .
mohammed nisar , 55 , had been driving sole traderadrian quinn to walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush , forgetting his rucksack .	he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother - and on realising his mistake says he felt ' dazed' .
real ' final frontier' , the oceans are still so little - explored that billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the world 's oceans .	the orcasub does not come cheap and will set you back 1 , 284 , 169 ( $1 .	9 million ) .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor .	during her sentencing , montgomery county court judge garrett d .	page reportedly asked ' what young man would not jump on that candy .
the deputy labour leader has refused to rule out above - inflation increases in taxes on fuel , 1p per litre , scrapped by the coalition in 2011 .	george osborne said the remarks showed labour would bring back the fuel duty escalator .
austrian designers maya pindeus , 24 , and johanna pichlbauer , 25 , have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make - up .	the machine is composed of three components: a lipstick wheel , an eyeliner applicator and a mask .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship after enjoying dinner , an evening show and a drink in the cruise ships cabaret bar , ron and june phillips headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa .	but their relaxing night on the luxury liner was shattered by a violent confrontation .
dave heeley , 57 , from west bromwich , finished the ' toughest footrace race on earth ' .	the 57 - year - old is the first blind to finish the marathon des sables in the marathon .
professor jane dacre , president of the royal college of physicians , called for an independent review of top nhs pay while professor sir brian jarman , a senior government health adviser , called for a public inquiry , saying bosses were manipulating the system .
a jury found tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the april 15 , 2013 attack on the boston marathon finish line .	the penalty phase of the trial starts next week , in which the jury will decide whether to sentence tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole .
gemma collins , 34 , has expanded her popular range of plus - size retailer evans .	the 34 - year - old star of the only way is essex has launched her new collection .
120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky .	health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested .
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte , south australia , on sunday .	she was driving a friend 's car on sunday when she was in a national park in south australia 's southeast .
250 - year - old sex toy was discovered during a dig at an old school of swordsmanship in gdansk , poland .	it was found in the latrine and dates back to the second half .
survey found that parking charges topped the list of fees and charges that frustrate consumers the most are unreasonable parking charges .	they topped a table of the most - loathed fees and charges in the poll by insurer direct line , followed by atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel .
noelle baynham , a staffordshire bull terrier , was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door .	the hearing was told that ms baynham was not able to wake her after being locked in the house for days .	the most likely cause of death was an accidental overdose .
waitrose announced the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year .	the mercury is set to be hotter than ibiza and south americans .	rain and cooler temperatures are predicted for the past .
' most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet ' as counter - terror police continue to investigate his murder in his home country , according to police .	he was found slumped in a ' volkswagen passat ' with wounds to his chest on a street in wembley on tuesday morning .	it emerged that metropolitan police counter - terrorism officers were now leading the inquiry .
the port is the gateway to puno 's fascinating islands in the middle of lake titicaca , at an altitude north of 13 , 000 feet .	it is higher than any alpine ski resort , and you need to tour the ship .
naomi , 44 , and 24 - year - old jourdan have been unveiled as the faces .	the duo show off their razor - sharp cheekbones and flawless skin .	jourdan and naomi look chic in the luxury british fashion house .
pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins a , k and e , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids .	experts say it can help enhance your mood , renew skin and health benefits .
a 16 - year - old girl was caught after an investigation was launched by the north west counter - terrorism unit in january .	the dark web is a way of sharing information and trading goods .
jia huaijin , 33 , now hand - makes swords in rural china that sell for up to 22 , 000 each nearly 18 times the monthly salary of chinese president xi jinping .	mr jia uses the 2 , 000 - year - old technique to make the traditional swords , which are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as canada , reportsthe people 's daily online .
islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack .	the attacker detonated an explosive - laden motorcycle , killing 35 people and injuring another 125 .	the group , which included military personnel as well as civilians , were waiting for their monthly salaries .
three - year - old pixie is already an instagram star thanks to her mother 's social media updates .	the shows are part of the shows and seeing the spectacle of the style .
united states has deployed the massive aircraft carrier uss theodore roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the embattled country to keep an eye on the shipment - and ' in response to the deteriorating security situation ' .	the cargo ships ' presence raised fears within the saudi - led coalition which is helping yemen 's government fight off iranian - backed rebels known as the houthis .
the knightsbridge flat , london , is on sale for a 28 - year - old home in london .	it is one of the most expensive architecture in the market for 595 , 000 per year .	the cost would work out at 191 , 000 ( 1 .	5 million .
janek zylinski says he had ' enough ' of ukip leader janek zylinski .	he says he has ' never had enough ' to the ukip leader .	mr zylinski said he had enough of the discrimination against ukip .
isabelle obert , a nutrition consultant , believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet one in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it 's often not clear why .
labour leader said the bobby on the beat is ' at risk of disappearing ' .	police adviser lord stephens said the tories are planning deeper cuts to policing across england and wales .	labour leader ed miliband wants to get back on the hook .
majid , 20 , was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery .	the 13 - year - old can be named after a judge lifted a reporting restriction order .	his co - defendant was jailed for 10 years to manslaughter and manslaughter .
jeremy clarkson was told by a doctor that he might have cancer .	the 55 - year - old said being given the warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life two days before assaulting a bbc producer .	clarkson said he had now been given the all - clear .
the converted four - bedroom home on lawrenny courtwas built as a garage to service the generous 57 - room mansion homeden , home to supreme court justice sir henry hodges and more famously the nicholas family .	the blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light - filled property and the windows upstiars are also a homeden original .
jessica has been missing since her home in sydney on wednesday .	her husband , jessica 's husband , has made a desperate plea for information about her disappearance .	jessica 's father , sabino matera , said she was ' out of [UNK] .
st mary 's catholic church in dandenongis said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now - deceased father kevin o'donnell .	the church is believed to have committed hundreds of sex attacks on foster street in dandenong .
18 - month - old was caught on camera in cambridge on bank holiday .	police have now said he was ' not bothered ' by what she had done .	she was on the path to go shopping on a path .
the adored school teacher from leeton went missing on easter sunday .	it took place just days before her wedding day and her body was found in a bushland .	she was also a person who gave so much joy to others .
jim jepps used a high - profile blog called the daily maybe to defend ' rape party ' .	mr jepps quit the green party in 2012 , after ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her , but now the spouses of pupils .
elon musk pursued a sale of struggling electric - car company tesla to google for $6 billion before its share price rocketed in may 19 .	in march 2013 , musk contacted google co - founder larry page , according to the excerpt , which will be published may 19 .	in march 2013 , musk contacted google co - founder larry page .
linda mclean , 56 , was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in the school when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun , lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger .
max maisel , 21 , was last seen leaving his car in new york on monday .	he went missing after his car was found abandoned on the shore of lake ontario , new york .	his body was found in the rochester institute of fairfield , connecticut .
johnny savile is accused of sexually assaulting patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse sex offences .	brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely to be convicted .
philadelphia eagles officially signed 27 - year - old quarterback tim tebow to a one - year contract on monday .	the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the2007 heisman trophy winner .	philadelphia missed out on the playoffs despite compiling a 10 - 6 record and kelly has made a number of surprising roster .
atlanta - based photographer kate t .	j . parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly - titled series of candid images of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six .
the sphinx and pyramids at the time of the bronze age 3 , 200 years ago .	the tomb of the bottom of the sea of galilee has stretched from greece to the region .	the collapse of a bronze age civilisations was affected by the raids .
golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the o2 exhibition from sunday .	the actual value was closer to $2 , 500 , but it is put on display at the international o2 .
mick tabone , 74 , was on the run for a couple of years .	he was trying to capture gregory , who had been killing cattle in the help of mr tabone 's property .
annabel jensen , grayson moore , 22 , and sara jade moore , now lives in the church .	they have started taking hormones to exist in the mormon universe .	the church of latter day saints has started taking testosterone .
unnamed caller gave the operator a blow - by - blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday .	the 7 - minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents , danielle and alexander meitiv , who espouse the hands - off parenting style .
adelaide crows captain taylor ' tex ' walker was pictured offering a helping hand to a seven - year - old girl who burst into tears just moments before leading the afl side onto the field .	the pig - tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47 , 000 fans in the stadium .
66 - year - old clarence david moore called police this week to surrender .	he escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life , living in kentucky since at least 2009 .	his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking .
justin welby will say in his easter sermon that 148 christians were slaughtered by somali gunmen on thursday .	three people were killed in the north - east of kenya in the last week .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .	the details of the drunken party emerged when lehnardt met with her alcoholics anonymous sponsor last friday and told her about the wild party .
charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe .	the 26 - year - old launched an app offering others the chance to do the same .
the hotel is a drop - in once or twice a day on the lake in new york , new york and new york .	the hotel sits on the fringes of the banks of lake mohonk in the height of the hotel .
footage shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces , reportedly near kirkuk in northern iraq .	but as the car approaches , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb , catapulting the vehicle at least 100ft into the air .
edwin ' jock ' mee allegedly told the 18 - year - old , from sierra leone .	he is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london , between october 2010 and september 2011 .
gerry pickens , 28 , was fired by the chief of police in orting , washington , after just under a year on the town 's police force - an act he was sprayed with the n - word over a planned racial discrimination case against town authorities .
the former drummer and a founding member of the southern hard rock band lynyrd skynyrd , robert ' burns jr , died late friday in a single - vehicle crash near cartersville , georgia .	burns ' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve , striking a mailbox and a tree , georgia state patrol spokeswoman tracey watson said .
niobe mural has been seized from bilal khaled , accused of buying the work painted on a door belonging to the darduna family without telling them its real value .	khaled said it ' will be stored at khan yunis public library until this issue is resolved' .
the 59 - year - old was accused of ' plotting to succeed him ' .	the president of zimbabwe is lining up his daughter to replace him .	she is also said to be keen for his daughter bona [UNK] .
sir ranulph , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today .	he was taken straight to the medical tent because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart .	he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage anddescribed the experience as ' more hellish than hell' .
doug hughes , 61 , has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin , florida .	he is expected to issue a statement on monday after a series of interviews .	the 61 - year - old has been married for thirteen years .
neil macgregor said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave .	the 68 - year - old has been at the helm of the british museum since 2002 .	the museum 's collection of the world in 100 objects inspired by the museum .
ilczyszyn 's wife kelly , 46 , was killed in the flight when he died in the bathroom .	kelly , who is a southwest flight attendant , is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act .
tiger woods was on the ninth hole in the final round of the masters on sunday .	the 39 - year - old was the youngest player to win the masters in the masters .	he was given a bid to shake off the masters after he swung it back in the scare .
labour leader says labour 's ' non - doms ' would ' tinker ' on non - dom status .	labour 's non - domicile regime allows 116 , 000 foreigners to pay tax only on money .
two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio .	the video had already had 30 , 000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday .	when the makers of the alice springs - based six part comedy tv series for abc1 .
david hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with the disease in july 2012 and underwentchemotherapy , radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel .	doctors said he had between 18 months and five years to live after being diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer .
kathy bush made national headlines when she was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9 - year - old daughter ill for attention .	jennifer was accused of making her ill on purpose jennifer spent the first years of her life , jennifer was in and out of the hospital as she battled chronic illness .	kathy even visited the clinton white house to raise awareness of the issue .
lindsey vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch her beau tiger woods in his quest for a fifth masters title - and fifth green jacket .	the former world number one has been under intense scrutiny after struggling badly with his chipping when last seen on the pga tour but he played solidly at steamy augusta national to card a three - under - par 69 .
people in these three countries have an excuse they spend more time in bed .	the japanese , south koreans and singaporeans are moodier in the western world .	the app then comes up with a sleep app .
justin bettman , a new york native , began building the dining room on the snow - covered ground at 4am .	bettman 's work was caught on craigslist , friends ' apartments and right off the sidewalk .	bettman left the photographer in new york .
korean demilitarized zone between the north and south - is next to a burgeoning surf spot for south korean hipsters .	photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day - to - day duties , where fishermen and day - trippers are placed alongside soldiers , tanks and their fortified military installations .
mitchelle blair , 17 , is charged with felony murder , killing her children and the father of 13 - year - old stephen gage blair .	blair 's two surviving children have been placed in a relative 's house .
the mercury is expected to reach the warmest day of the year .	the top temperatures are expected to last until the middle of next week .	the tulip crop is the hottest day in the last two decades .	the south east and london are forecast to three weeks .
zhang , from anhui province , was on the way to find his mother in the hospital .	his mother , from nanling , died on a way to hospital , it was reported .	the incident happened at his mother 's house in china .
first minister - unveiling the snp manifesto today - revealed she would regard an ' out ' vote in the tories ' proposed poll on eu membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the uk .	she also revealed that she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the snp 's negotiating team in the event of another hung parliament .
david , 53 , and david , david and sandra , 52 , from the plymouth , were harassmed by david 's sister .	the couple have spoken about their relationship with their family .
walter scott was gunned down last saturday in north charleston , south carolina .	he has been charged with murder after 50 - year - old was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the armed officer .
clint gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside brisbane to wandoan in regional queensland , only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother 's ashes .	mr gee told daily mail australia , after he had to dig the hole himself ' we get out there and there was no hole dug - nothing .
police say clarence taylor , 44 , faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron , ohio .	on november 1 , taylor 's 45 - year - old girlfriend called police , saying he had been missing for several days .
prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra , all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal the prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother , as others snapped photos on their smartphones ' the people 's prince ' continued to show off his playful side , high - fiving .	the prince spent 20 minutes chatting and posing for photographs for crowds in canberra .
nicola sturgeon 's dress divided opinion on twitter during last night 's debate last night .	the snp stalwart , 44 , was described as ' blue , grey and green ' on twitter .
the 34 - year - old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may last year , spoke with elle .	the mother - of - one noted that she really wants to grab her mom 's luggage .
daniel boykin , 33 , plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes .	in apologizing for his actions in court thursday , boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at nashville international airport and was subsequently sentenced to six months prison .
kay - ann morris , seven , was found at the time of her death in nottingham last july .	she was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in bestwood , nottingham , last 2012 .	the 23 - year - old was arrested and charged with murder .
new figures revealed at least 112 , 000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year .	the increase has been put down to the introduction of smart motorways which use the cameras , known as hadecs , to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions .
janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap .	she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet .
alan lawrence created a kickstarter campaign to raise awareness about down syndrome .	the father of five said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish .	lawrence tells abc that little wil ' brings a light to our family ' .
next - door neighbours are believed to have travelled to turkey on tuesday .	the 17 - year - old was arrested by their families in dewsbury , west yorkshire .	the metropolitan police said it was ' important ' for the teenagers .
christian longo believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes .	father - of - three was sentenced to death for murdering his family , stuffing them in suitcases and dumping their bodies in coastal bays in oregon in december 2001 to ' escape the shackles of domestic life' .
president obama arrived at the white house in alexandria , alexandria , virginia on sunday morning .	his wife and children will be seen in the second row of the festive event in alexandria .
paula duncan revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in an interview with studio 10 in a sobering interview . '	i woke up and there was an ambulance and jess was kind of [UNK] .
the pool was used as part of mercedes - benz fashion week australia .	the collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways .	ten is headed up by icebergs restaurateur maurice terzini and the partner .
u.s. citizen pleaded not guilty in ohio to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi .	abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans .	mohamud allegedly said he was happy that his brother , aden , died fighting for al qaeda 's largest affiliate in syria .
kenne worthen , 27 , allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an ipod app , google hangouts .	the father - of - one allegedly admitted to having sexual contact with his wife , who has not been identified , called the girl 's mother and the police .
president barack obama said the u.s. would stand by iran as a ' once - in - a - lifetime chance ' to prevent a bomb and bring longer - term stability to the middle east .	he said he was ' very clear ' that it is ' a lot of reminders of the ability to be able to get a nuclear weapon on my watch ' .	the president 's comments come days after the interview .
the report found australians spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year 's last year .	the report also found that families with children living at home are spending more on couples without children .
the so - called new shepard vehicle will fly three people and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles ( 100 km ) above earth .	it will launch from blue origin 's west texas facility .
scientists quizzed more than 5 , 000 teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50 , including bridget jones ' diary and aviator .	those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to binge drink .
several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday .	the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word ' abor ' was released .
chokal - ingam said he posed as a black man while he applied to st .	louis university school of medicine and heavily attacks affirmative action policies in the u.s. .	he said he was determined to get into medical school because he did not even complete his appearance as he was black and a doctor .
the pet owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats .	the cats were in poor physical condition when they were seized in september .
lindsay jo was 13 when she went missing from hebden bridge , west yorkshire .	her body was found in the rochdale canal five months later .	she has spoken out for the first time as the 20th anniversary of her death .
samantha fleming , 36 , was found dead in a city 180 miles away from her home .	police say she was from indiana 's department of child services .	police have not released the name of the kidnapper 's sister .
labour leader was out campaigning in bristol this morning with his family .	the labour leader is out of the campaign trail in bristol on saturday .	the prime minister has said it was ' madness ' for the debates .
mathew sitko , 23 , of lewiston , idaho , crashed his car on wednesday morning .	he wrote a picture of the moment he pulled the man to the edge of a cliff .	he was named as the lewiston police department in lewiston , lewiston .
george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in the 18 - year - old 's home in colwyn bay .	he has now been reunited with his owners after he was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire .
the photos show a shoal of fish making way for the shark - a shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland , australia .	the 32 - year - old was looking for a picturesque spot to stay out of the way of fish .	it is thought that the predator was not interested in catching a mate .
artisan confectioners choc on choc 's limited edition political chocolates come in three different flavours .	founder nick clegg 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces as nick clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb .
chelsea clinton has come a long way from being the adolescent that grew up in front of our eyes while her dad was potus .	yes , chelsea is now a mom , wife , and advocate for women .
researchers found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation .	this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of a highly advanced civilisation .	the findings were made by theoretical physicist freeman .
nick loeb is a scion of the loeb and lehman nick loeb in may last year .	he says he wants to become a father , and wants to impose no obligations on the other party .	the 39 - year - old denies that she wants to destroy two female embryos .
kevin jonas rojano - nieto sentenced to 10 - year sentence for rape of the 3 - year - old girl he raped at his family home in june .	he was found guilty of raping the girl who wandered into a garage where he was playing video games .	the mandatory sentence should be 25 - years to life .
44 - year - old hosted coverage of boat race , has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts .	she told radio times magazine: ' i used to say yes to everything i was offered because i thought it would all stop tomorrow .
amira abase , 47 , blamed police for failing to stop his daughter .	he has now apologised for saying she was ' maybe influenced by the flag - burning rally ' .	mr hussen said he could think of nothing to explain why she and two friends .
nasa - back firm says it could dramatically reduce the cost of building spacecraft .	it will enable nasa to launch its first working construction robot into space within the next couple of years .	tethers unlimited hopes to launch the first construction robot .
ukip leader was asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and asian faces in the ukip manifesto .	it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid .
the seven - year - old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van and started barking the near - miss , plus a lot of barking , made rspca inspector stephanie law pull over .	when she opened her cab door , alfie bounded in and started licking her face appreciatively .
69 - year - old collaborated with nbc'stoday show to launch a contest for one elvis - obsessed couple to win the ' ultimate wedding' .	the 69 - year - old collaborated with nbc'stoday show to launch a contest for one elvis - obsessed couple to win the ' ultimate wedding' .	the winning duo will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights .
king felipe , 47 , and princess sofia and princess leonor are on the island of mallorca .	the couple have been joined by queen sofia , who looked elegant in a grey overcoat .	the family have been spotted at the cathedral in mallorca .
egyptian - themed mansion , advertised as pharaohs palaceon its website , promises a ' perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa .	an august 2014 adult - themed party dubbed ' midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds , its first noise complaint .
the original barbie doll will be on sale this weekend in australia .	the dolls will be sold at each of the melbourne , sydney , perth , brisbane , brisbane , and adelaide .
mercedes - benz fashion week kicked off with an explosion of colour in sydney on thursday .	the australiana - themed romance was born presentation - always one of the highlight shows during mbfwa - dazzled attendees with a stand - out collection brimming with design duoluke sales and anna plunkett 's trademark eccentricity .
the eu 's competition commissioner will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet claiming that it breached anti - trust rules , according to the financial times .	the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .
conservatives economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement , with the international monetary fund lavishing praise on chancellor george osborne .	the conservatives had overseen a jobs miracle and britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the eu put together .
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called tarp that 's found in 70 per cent of prostate cancer cells and is being given to men who have been treated for the cancer .	the theory is that the vaccine will have to be used as a new way to treat cancer .
bob corker , a republican from tennessee , said on sunday that congressional oversight ' doesn't mean there won't be a deal ' .	the 62 - year - old , of the senate foreign relations committee , is due to meet april 14 .
tracey cox says it 's the most effective way to find out what it 's a fist or a pair of lips heading your way .	on average we scan your face for three seconds , scan for four and a half to register .
margaret and gary mazan from bradford , west yorkshire , had their 14 red setters seized by rspca inspectors after the animals were discovered in filthy cages in a garden shed .	the court heard how the animals had matted fur , were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet .	mrs mazan , 53 , claimed it was mrs mazan who had sole responsibility for the dogs .
kim kardashian and kim kardashian are in the capital 's south caucasus region .	the visit is the first to the country 's late father , robert kardashian , fled for the country .	kim kardashian , her husband , kim and kanye west , are also in the world .
a gang of armed robbers used pink umbrellas to hide themselves as they stole 145 , 000 from 13 shops in a two - month crime spree .	cctv footage from one of the raids in tipton , west midlands , shows the gang using umbrellas to conceal their entrance as they burst into a supermarket .	the group have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob .
natasha dobinson , 33 , had been dating her boyfriend in the heart of the boat .	she was found in a short dress and dancing with her lover in the morning of the day he was killed .	the 41 - year - old was found guilty of a stab wound to the boat and was killed in the river .
jordan sharifi , 17 , confessed to giving a gun to friend raymond howell , who killed himself a teenager who allegedly gave his best friend a gun for protection from bullies has been arrested after the boy used the weapon to kill himself .	raymond was found in a ditch from a self - inflicted gunshot wound .
the transportation security administration will ' enhance ' officer training for hair pat - downs after complaints that african - american women were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings .	the complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton , who said she was subjected to a hair in the afro style .
a lawyer for rebecca hannibal , 19 , appeared in front of downing centre local court on wednesday .	the 19 - year - old has pleaded not guilty to supplying the teenager with the fatal pills that led to her death .	her defence representative said she was changing her plea to guilty .
the number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 , researchers claim .	statistics revealed by the pew research centershow the percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame .
the alleged mistress of clippers owner donald sterling has been ordered to pay his wife $2 .	6million . stiviano a house , luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage .	stiviano 's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when donald and shelly were separated and that shelly sterling couldn't seek them from a third party .
awel manyang , five , is recovering in hospital after being taken by a crocodile .	the children 's father , five - year - old akon guode , says she was ' innocent ' .	mr manyang 's partner , joseph tito manyang , was taken to hospital .
jenny wallenda , 87 , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida .	she was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda .	karl wallenda is seen here over the grand canyon in 2013 .
matthew bird , from ashburton , new zealand , halved his income by quitting his well - paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic after he realised he would be expected to pay a month in child support payments .	he said he was happy to give up for a meagre wage of $38 , 000 a year , if it meant his child support .
marie hunt of spring green , wisconsin , had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school , which was located six miles away from her home .
the image was taken on a train platform in rio de janeiro , two women hug and gaze into each others ' eyes , but the source of his outrage soon is unclear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes .
stephen hawking has sung monty python 's galaxy song .	it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty python 's meaning of life .	it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty python 's meaning of life .
lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson ( above with james dean and elizabeth taylor on the set of giant ) hudson was briefly married to phyllis gates ( wedding photo above ) from 1955 to 1958 garlington says the first meeting with the actor was a little nerve - racking . '	i think he had me checked out , ' says garlington in an interview with people .
senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade .	he has spent ten years working in birdsville in far south - west queensland .	the 59 - year - old is one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia .
deaths in britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades .	deaths in the uk have been falling for 40 years , according to a report .
moore and willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the san remo apartment building in 1990 .	it will break the record for the most expensive co - op apartment ever sold on the upper west side .	moore says she doesn't spend much time there .
posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the grangetown suburb telling the muslim electorate: ' islam is the only real workable solution for the uk ' .	cardiff council says any religiously motivated or offensive stickers will be removed as a priority .
the 41 - year - old man claimed to have posted a ' blasphemous ' status on his facebook page .	if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250 million , or both .
the 34 - year - old has been told she will have to return to romania as she is not a new zealand resident .	she has been separated from her new zealand father after a two - year relationship .	she was told she had to apply for a temporary visa and residency .
items on sale in poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets .	the company 's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from britain 's [UNK] .
the lake in boulder , colorado , has been invaded by thousands of pets in the water two or three years ago .	the fish are stunned by an electrical current and removed in the lake .
the queen is already the world 's most popular online royal .	the prince of wales has been on the social media site for less than six months .	the duke and duchess of cambridge take the top spot .
abbey says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have been afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer .	the campaign has raised 13 .	5m for breakthrough breast cancer 's research .
council bosses spent more than 7 , 000 on a lavish three - course christmas banquet and disco for staff as a last blow - out before the local authority shut up shop .	staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party , which was adorned with almost 500 worth of balloons and christmas crackers .
feidin santana , 23 , visited the family 's charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives - in a moving moment witnessed by nbc .	santanahas been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on officer michael slager as he fired eight shots at scott , 50 , in north charleston on saturday and later releasing the video .
cancer - killing cocktail of the hormone drug tamoxifen and two coffees every day was found to reduce the risk of cancer in women recovering from the disease .	tamoxifen causes breast cancer cells to divide less frequently and divide more often .
the apple watch goes on sale on april 24 , online and through appointments .	the watch lies on display at an apple store in hangzhou , london .	apple ceo tim cook said initial orders were ' great ' .
reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican - uniting church at canowindra and will be conducting wednesdays funeral service .	he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone .
the queen was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra in the first world war .	the queen wore a special diamond - encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch for the occasion , fashioned in the shape of the calgary highlanders .
the 20 - month - oldkendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway .	this is now the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah .
george lucas has unveiled plans to build a housing complex on the plot of land in lucas valley , california .	lucas dropped plans for a lucasfilm ltd complex on lucas valley road in 2012 .	the project was submitted for planning on wednesday .
shaun worthington 's car was filmed on a speed awareness course .	the 29 - year - old was on his way home from a speed carriageway into the path of oncoming traffic at 1 .	04pm - a .
solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star .	temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2 , 500 degrees fahrenheit .
ron powell , ron miscavige , dwayne powell , dwayne miscavige and his associates of systemic harassment , abuse and blackmail .	the church of scientology claims he was hired by david miscavige and dwayne powell .
halle 's multi - tiered wooden truss was decked out in white lights as bruce and louetta schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance .	patrons paid about $20 to hear bobby jordan and the ridgecreek band .
ten - year - old martha was paddling in the water when she was swept out to sea .	the pet was brought to the lifeboat after being cut off to sea by the tide .
belinda , 56 , from essex , had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls and says she was looking ' worn out ' ahead of the procedure .	but the ' horrendous ' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before .
shows such as dads army and hancocks half hour have all fallen foul of the problem .	the shows have been left off versions on the iplayer service .	the bbc blames on the system it uses to record programmes .
elderflower fields festival will be held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park for the second year running the independent festival for the first year .	the festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for children and grown - up to the festival .
kuku kube is available for free on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers .	scores lower than 11 are ' lower than average' , 21 to 30 is considered normal or average , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great .
khayree gay , 31 , was captured on friday at the security inn in lake city , south carolina .	the 31 - year - old was arrested on april 4 in philadelphia in philadelphia .
mobile health apps are fuelling anxiety and eroding peoples sense of wellbeing .	the untested and unscientific apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy , says dr des spence .	popular apps include myfitnesspal and apples health app , which is automatically installed on the latest apple smartphones .
43 - year - old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards .	the 43 - year - old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards .	the mother - of - three will compete in the entertainment performance category at next months awards with ant and dec , graham norton and celebrity juice host leigh francis .
alice laselles , 12 , has been kept in the royal archives at windsor castle .	she is falsely accused of smuggling a 12 - year - old girl to her mother .	the tale will be published in june as ' the adventures of alice laselles .
sarah reign , 26 , describes herself as a ' feedee' , who gorges on junk food .	she says fans love to watch her enjoying food; down to her underwear and switches on her webcam .	she says: ' i really enjoy eating so much , .
britt lapthorne , from melbourne , was last seen at the latin club fuego in dubrovnik , croatia , where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers .	the body was found in nearby boninovo bay , where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on september 18 .	her body was weighted down and dumped at sea .
whenbelinda bartholomew said she was ' lying ' and told to go to ' an aussie butcher ' .	she went to ' take a chicken and go to pay for the chicken , ' she said .	ms bartholomew said ms bartholomew is ' just a troublemaker ' and said she is sorry .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .	the details of the drunken party emerged when lehnardt met with her alcoholics anonymous sponsor last friday and told her about the wild party .
abdul - jabbar , 68 , adopted his muslim name in 1971 at age 24 .	the 19 - time all star and six - time mvp starred in game of death .	the 7 - foot - 2 surgery was performed by the los angeles lakers in 1987 .
dave sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow mark three chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 tour de france route this summer .	the 36 - year - old personal trainer from southport , merseyside , is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves .
mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina , when he ran from the cop .	pop star and member of destiny 's child , michelle williams , wrote: ' once again .	#walterscott ' and added a broken heart .
whistling aficionados are in agreement , no one is whistling while they work or anywhere else for that matter .	the rise of mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle .
a part - time worker was ordered to pay more 3 , 000 , 000 in pension contributions .	the bill is more than a million times than the whole of germany 's pensions .
yervand garginian , who moved to australia from armenia , dismisses the australian - style barbecue of cooking ' oily ' sausages .	his daughter elizabeth garginian , 24 , posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times .
conchita wurst has been transformed into gustav klimt 's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster .	the poster promotes the dazzling life ball event , where conchita will perform , as well as walk in a fashion show staged by jean paul gaultier .
64 per cent of respondents said they end up spending more money when they shop with friends .	nearly half of those surveyed said they gives them a hard time for overspending , according to a study .
tv star karren brady agreed to help david cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak , before sitting politely with it on the sidelines .	baroness brady , who is also the governments small business ambassador , was appearing alongside mr cameronat a national grid training centre in newark , nottinghamshire , to announce the creation of more trainee jobs .
parents of catherine grove , 28 , believe she was ' seeking the lord ' and was not being held against her will , despite protestations from her parents .	she has now announced in a video ( right ) that she will marry a church of wells , after escaping the so - called cult in texas only to return six days later .
neil tuckett , from buckinghamshire , has turned his back on the car .	he is selling one every week , including to the tv and film industry who have used then in a field .
large animals are more likely to be hit on i - 280 and state route 17 , particularly near areas of parks and open spaces .	interstate 80 in san diego county has high rates of roadkill .
dr ros altmann will today be announced as a new conservative peer , who will appointed as minister for consumer protection if the party wins the election .	she will also steer through reforms designed to make it easier for customers to move to another bank , by allowing customers to take their account number with them .
colleen harris , 73 , was found guilty of first - degree murder on wednesday after gunning down her third husband while he was sleeping .	it took the el dorado superior court jury in less than two hours to convict colleen harris of murdering robert edward ' bob ' harris in their placerville , california home in 2013 .	decades before , in 1985 , colleen harris and the father of her three children , 46 - year - old james batten , after claiming he had been abusive towards her .
the 34 - year - old caused more than 13 , 000 worth of damage to the luxury cars .	she received a 12 - month sentence suspended for two years , with 150 hours unpaid work and a 20 - day rehabilitation requirement .
army sgt .	bowe bergdahl walked away from the army and was captured by the taliban in june of 2009 the former chairman of the joint chiefs admiral mike mullen knew that army sgt .	bowe bergdhal deserted his post in 2009 , claim three of the controversial soldier 's comrades .	the men say that mullen , who served president obama and then secretary of defense robert gates six years ago , was certain that bergdahl had fled the army and was guilty of desertion .
mark faville , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 after being suffocated in a homicidal manner .	faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken , something that was supported by an initial autopsy .	after the verdict was , read , faville was taken away , and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse .
jodi arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison in prison .	she was convicted in prison for murder of her ex - boyfriend travis alexander .	arias ' lawyers to portray alexander as a sexual deviant .
tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior luis velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers .	gay 's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy .	some of them held signs that read , ' will you go to prom with me ? '	overjoyed: tiffany gay .
cheryl prudham , 33 , is said to be planning to fly to the u.s. in las vegas .	the 33 - year - old receives 39 , 000 in benefits a year on top of mr prudhams .
the brawl broke out at a new york brawl at a casino in the new york casino in queens , new york .	three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl at the scene of the fight .
the government is planning to expand the qinghai to tibet railway ' at nepal 's request ' - which could include a tunnel under the world 's tallest mountain - by 2020 .	the line could be built - under mount everest .
a house in dungog , north of newcastle , was captured on a midtown street in sydney 's east macquarie , west of newcastle .	a dungog resident filmed the half - submerged property drifting down the main road in toronto .
john chilcots inquiry , which began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost 10million .	it emerged it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest .	bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading figures in the inquiry .
acetaminophen has been in use for more than 70 years , but this is the first time that this side effect has been found .	acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over - the - counter pain reliever .
donna lou rayhons , 78 , is accused of sexually abusing his wife , who died last august , after she died last year .	the 78 - year - old is preparing to stand trial in iowa for sexually assaulting his wife .	the charges were filed after she was formally charged with sexual abuse .
the nine - year - old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother , leaving scars over his body .	he was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes , have sparked outrage across china after they were shared online .	photographs of the child was covered in injuries including cuts to his ear where he was smacked with a water pipe and scars all over his back .
ikea 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group skype , andwithout the usual expense and complications that a physical ceremony presents .	one wedding is their more high society .
massachusetts couple mimi and joe lemay 's son jacob wasn't always a boy .	the five - year - old was born mia , the second of three sisters .	jacob was born a girl named mia , but the couple has now accepted that their child is a boy mimi .
stasi , a couple who took their 14 - year - old son out of school without permission for a five - day holiday to spain were forced to pay a 1 , 230 fine after bailiffs were called in .	the grandmother of hullbridge , essex , was convicted of failing to ensure their child 's attendance .	the tourism industry said the punishment was completely out .
michael keith spell , 25 , of parachute , colorado , was sentenced following a hearing before state district judge richard simonton in sidney .	spell pleaded guilty in october to killing sherry arnold , 43 , after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012 .
the enormous lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes .	it was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in chelsea to break .	now a 400 , 000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer .
lloyd dennis has been charged with 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child .	the 32 - year - old has also taught at basingstoke college of technology .	dennis has taught at bishops waltham junior school in hampshire .
steve jobs , 51 , called former first lady hillary a ' revolutionary ' woman .	the 51 - year - old was tapped to meet ' ordinary ' voters in iowa .	laurene jobs said she is ' a woman ' and ' the type of [UNK] .
henri morris , 67 , was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012 .	the 67 - year - old was jailed for 10 years .
brian nicol , 32 , dived into the pool at a luxury holiday villa in the costa del sol .	he was staying with friends , but failed to revive him .	the group had been on a night out in marbella on saturday .	the incident took place at 8 .	30am on easter sunday morning .	police said early evidence suggests his death was a accident .
philadelphia - based artist , arthur rackham , has compiled a collection of intimate photos featuring well - known artists with their furry friends .	he poses with his cat babou , a colombian wild cat children 's book illustrator , salvador dali , georgia o'keefe and henri matisse .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was shot and killed in his car in north west london .	the 48 - year - old was called for a job in the area where he was killed with his son days before his death .
leeton has a close - knit community of only 6 , 700 people , but little is known of the casual school cleaner who has swept the halls of leeton high school since october .	vincent stanford moved into a single - storey home with his mother and elder brother in leeton , in the riverina region of new south wales .
joll joll had been involved in a strafing attack on german aircrafton may 10 , 1940 , when his plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to crash land hisbristol blenheim light bomber .	the vessel docked in harwich , essex , and sq ldr joll travelled to his parents ' house in gravesend .
the two major parties will only be separated by 0 .	1 per cent .	poll puts david cameron and the tories at 31 .	8 per cent of the vote , with labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind , with 31 .	7 per cent , according to the daily telegraph survey .
six - year - old nurhayada sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator .	her mother was on the phone to her mother and sister at kenanga wholesale city mall in muar , malaysia .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced victim michael spalding , 39 , to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer .	he then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put mr spalding 's body parts and tools into two suitcases .	bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender following the four - week trial .
the 26 - year - old was due to marry her long - time partner aaron leeson woolley on saturday .	ms scott has released the poem that she wrote for her sister and her intended brother - in - law on what would have been their wedding day .	the body of a woman was found in cocoparra national park on friday afternoon .
mr clegg revealed the balance of power lies where many long suspected: with her .	after the last election , mr clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace - and - favour government mansion - but the move was vetoed by his wife .
ed milibands plan to scrap the controversial non - dom status had won him over .	he tweeted: ' ed milliband says he will abolish non - dom status in uk .	this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this .
doctor 's wife and a student plunged from the building in the rubble .	three people were injured and the building was closed for a day .	most of the students who lived in flats above the development in the brook .
the convicted bomber 's aunt , maret tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told timein an interview this week in chechen capital , grozny , that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the bomber 's uncle , said - hussein tsarnaev , told the magazine that ' american special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded .	tsarnaev was found guilty by a boston jury on april 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty .
pupils applying to the cambridge university may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years .	the university is being forced into changing its system of using to - levels to assess applicants .
the plague is similar to the plague , which killed millions of europeans in the black death .	the disease is still contracted by 2 , 000 people a year in the united states .
the duke of cambridge is due to give birth to the duchess of cambridge .	the duke , 32 , will be on the notice of birth posted outside buckingham palace .	he is currently training for his new job as an air ambulance .
chp became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black suv on a freeway in orange county around 12:30pm wednesday .	the woman was ' weaving , accelerating and slowing down , ' according to a tweet by the official chp southern division twitter .
the 14 - year - old is recovering in hospital with burns to 55 percent of his body .	the boy , who is being treated at mayo hospital in lahore , has been identified only as nuaman , which is now recovering in the hospital .
candice swanepoel and jasmine max are among the stars of the lingerie campaign to promote the brand'sdream angels .	candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes are the stars in the lingerie brand 's new campaign .
kyle knox , the 23 - year - old , was last seen at the start of the route for the 4409 - ft high ben nevis in the fort william area .	the warning comes ahead of the easter weekend .
sniffer dogs had been deployed in the area after the discovery in the disabled toilets of an arcade police earlier .	it is believed the girl , named april by staff at the ormskirk hospital where she is being treated , might have been delivered at silcock 's amusement arcade in nevill street , southport , hours before she was discovered .	officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the merseyside area .
the 28 - year - old says her career began when she was 17 has been a ' dream ' .	her first pair sold for $39 .	99 for access to her personal items .	ceara says she 's a ' dominant role in the world ' of the world .
donald graham , 62 , from sparty lea , northumberland , killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 , so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home .	ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found .	ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found .
a duffel bag containing human remains was found near a police station in cambridge , cambridge , on saturday morning .	the person , who has not been identified , is being treated as a homicide .
grant hackett said his son had ' his life threatened by a well - known associate of criminals ' two years ago .	the 34 - year - old earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute .
former president mohamed morsi sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012 .	the 63 - year - old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty .	fourteen others were convicted on the same charges , with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail .
more than 306 , 000 people died in the us as a result of being shot in the last 10 years .	more than 3 .	7 million of the short - fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons .
china airlines - 88 11 .	air berlin airlines - 80 2 .	british airways - 100 12 .	air airlines - 79 in china .	british airlines - southwest airlines - 85 11 .
the man , known only as donor 7042 , carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 ( nf1 ) .	with demand for danish sperm soaring , the donor is understood to have fathered 99 viking babies as they are widely dubbed across the world through the clinic nordic cryobank .
kevin gill , from naples , florida , told wbbh that he thought his 13 - year - old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators .	when collier county deputies were serving a search warrant on the family 's home for an unrelated issue , they came across the baby gator - and told gill it was illegal .
cruise company azamara decided to make a name for the ' azamara ' for ' blue ' - ' [UNK] , which has a ' hint of the maritime about it ' .	the five - year - old has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest , which is able to make it a [UNK] .
" i will be wearing a suit , i would keep you up to skin , " stewart says .	stewart has been accused of his " moments of dissatisfaction " .	stewart says he will be replaced by jon stewart , 31 .
arizona governor says castro ' lived a full life of exemplary service to arizona and its people ' .	castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including u.s. ambassador raul castro and his wife pat .
dr donald dewitt , 65 , has been charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact .	he has been ordered to have no contact with the victim .	dewitt was suspended from his $105 , 000 - a - year job .
the 34 - year - old man is seen unsteady on his feet and falls to the floor .	he was taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face .	the man was named on social media as a friend of the man in the video .
scott shirley , his wife mayo and seven - year - old son phoenix , were travelling back to washington dc .	the family were flying back on a united airlines flight from orlando to the food and drug administration .
the boat was spotted on a boat sailing down the thames in reading .	the 4ft - long model was the head and shoulders of a convincing - looking man .	the missile was found to be purely ornamental .
jerry hugel , 83 , his wife marianne hugel , 80 , died along with 70 - year - old neighbor gloria greco , and friend walter vondthadden , 76 , in an apparent carbon monoxide poisoning , possibly caused by a car left running in a garage .	some cried as police officers and firefighters walked around the cape cod - style , two - story home .
jade walters , 21 , was shocked to discover the pet was sold at auction .	she loaned out her 12 - year - old magic to help a young girl learn to ride , she didn't realise she would never see him .
more than 6 , 000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at new york city 's library hotel each floor .	guests on the fifth floor , for example , can stay in rooms devoted to maths and science , with individual themes of astronomy , dinosaurs , botany , zoology , geology and mathematics .
the rare archive photo was found in a hitler fan magazine from the thirties .	the magazine was found by a british soldier in a bombed german house after the war .	von shirach was only 18 when he met hitler in the hitler .
lauren hill was diagnosed with a brain tumour just after her 18th birthday .	she was told she would not live past december but died four months later .	she made her first basket for her college team today .
the girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ' test of their composure ' .	the challenge was part of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 .
mother of two daughters , lincoln , two , and delta , just four months , with actor dax sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls , as well as her own self - acceptance of her changing body and the hustle of her acting career .
56 - year - old describes herself as a ' closet comedian ' .	madonna says she 's a ' bomb' , ' [UNK] ' and ' impromptu ' stand - up .	madonna said she was a ' seasoned pro ' fan .
wildlife retreat fostered kibulu as a three - week - old cub after his mother rejected him at the nsw zoo where he was born kibulu greets one of the zambi wildlife retreat directors , traci griffiths , at the centre in western sydney .	the retreat which is not yet open to the public is home to lions , monkeys , dingoes , parrots , rescued farm and domestic animals from all over australia .
holly littlefield , 16 , was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours .	she was too scared to return to school for two days and when she did she was taunted by classmates .	police were told she had access to hollys email account .
jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when he slept in his car at the tory party conference .	he now says he wants a rule change so he can eat a lunch at council meetings .
the whale was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico when the sperm whale was the largest toothed whale .	the whale circled several times and gave them the chance to capture the footage .
the united nations gave the british actor a ' license to save ' by appointing him as the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards .	craig - who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as thedapper , martini - drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u .	n . mine action service and political and financial support for the cause .
bond is not the only one to a bond movie , spectre , according to medical experts .	experts say many characters in other top films would have struggled to escape alive from their injuries .	bond is hit in the chest by a shell laced with radioactive uranium .
the chihuahua puppy was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch , california , with injuries to its ears and stomach .	it is believed the fireman , who has been identified as the pet , and is resting well .
eight - month - old silver was returned to the prime minister today after he was bizarrely deemed a security risk .	but aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross - breed is kept well away from the pm .
former nfl cornerback will allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over allegations the pair ran a multi - million dollar ponzi scheme .	allen , 36 , was a cornerback in the nfl from 2001 to 2012 , playing for the new york giants and the miami dolphins .
the ' frozen ' soundtrack , the ' safe harbours' , ' was the top single , selling 10 million users .	the ifpi , which sold 10 million copies , has had a piracy issue .
richard hammond has released a video showing his ' bored ' film .	the 45 - year - old has released his first home video on a new channel on youtube .	the film follows hammond as he drives along the m6 and roads to buttermere .
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non - yanomami .	the yanomami are an indigenous ethnic group in the amazonian region of venezuela .
the 32 - year - old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger , adriana giogiosa , 55 , who was reported missing by her brother .	police found half of it had been repainted and the other half covered in plastic .
staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week .	the total number of posts in the last five years has risen by 6 , in the nhs .
hiroshi ueda claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s .	he said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe .	the ' extender stick ' is available on the louvre museum in paris .
the 24 - year - old has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season .	amy is ' really proud ' of her new designs .
the pilgrimage begins at the holy city of santiago de compostela in north - west de compostela , where saint james , attracts thousands of pilgrims every year .	residents have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes .
a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation ( cmb ) of the universe .	if confirmed , the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity .
49 per cent of people plan to vote for the snp , with just 25 per cent backing labour .	labour leader used a speech to prop up a speech in edinburgh to claim .
tesco caught urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire .	the worker was caught on camera urinating in the field .	tesco has said its vegetables undergo an ' extensive assessment of [UNK] .
glenn mason , 56 , plundered the accounts of nine pensioners including an 83 year - old woman and a 92 year - old man living near his branch in biggin hill , kent , the old bailey heard .	mason , who was jailed for 15 months in november last year , has said he will pay back the whole 185 , 000 out of his rbs pension pot .
nick clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to ' chip in a bit ' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year .	the well - off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values , leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up .
residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street were stunned when cctv revealed a binman rather than load the bags into his lorry , the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins along park road in glodwick before tossing them down an alley .
dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons .	the harvard - educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 .	the harvard - educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 .
prince abdul malik , 31 , and his 22 - year - old bride both wore outfits embellished with diamonds , while raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems .	hundreds of thousands of pounds are spent on flower arrangements and often , as is the case with the nuptials of prince william and kate middleton .
the report is based on 2011 birth certificates from 36 states and the district of columbia , representing about 2 years , 2 years and a third of women space their children .	the study found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again .
ed and justine miliband 's first met at a dinner party in the u.s. .	he was ' furious ' when she was ' bitten ' by the woman who was bitten by the dog .
raymond townsend , a manager at us limousine , was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher geralyn ganci , 32 , after more than a year of lurid messages .	the 32 - year - old was fired after telling her she was fired because she refused to have sex with him .	the woman , who sat near his wife in his office , repeatedly forced townsend 's requests for sex .
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth .	they say a beam fired from the machine would create the aurora borealis .	it would be able to create lightning in the northern hemisphere .
a washington , dc - based company called to create a new space station .	it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity .	it will take 30 years to build the iss and would be 1 , 300ft ( 400 metres ) .
george osborne met george the hoover as he campaigned in the west country the blue version of the popular vaccum brand , which also shampoos carpets , was unveiled during mr osborne 's visit to the numatic factory in chard , somerset .	the chancellor met his house - cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in somerset , where he was given a tour of the factory .
casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug - crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random , whilst the baby slept in june 2012 .	the culprit was 19 - year - old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana .
brazil 's 24 hour drugs market crackland has become home to people from all walks of life .	the open - air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night .	as the country 's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels , its markets pull in anyone looking to get high .
stephen vaisey , a 25 - year - old girlfriend , nicole vaisey , from hermon , new york , were charged last summer with sexually abusing the amish girls and other children .	the girls were abducted from their family 's farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13 .
sheila secker , 78 , was given a pay - as - you - go phone by her son .	the 78 - year - old had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off .
major general michael gambier - parry was the german leader in the second world war .	he was captured with 2 , 000 of his men by rommel in mechili , libya , in the north africa .
andrea ferrell , a 83 - year - old mother , died in 1943 when he was 12 .	he was just 12 when she was just 13 , and he was 13 years old .	his mother , who died in the 1920s , was left thinking that there were no photographic .
representative darrell issa says she was asked about her use of personal email by a state department in december 2012 .	she is likely to want to become the democrat 's 2016 presidential candidate .	she used a personal email account ' to conduct official business ' .
nicola sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to scotland ' as soon as possible' , but labour leader jim murphy ( right ) warned this would leave a catastrophic hole in the country 's budget .	the first minister was forced to admit her mps would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year .
' special relationship ' between britain and the us are over , according to the mail on sunday .	the memo says the uk may not be viewed as a priority on the future .
byjoyce kuhl , a grandmother from south carolina , claims orcas are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at seaworld in the past four years .	this is the second lawsuit against seaworld in less than one month .
sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen , adding that the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the bristol county house of corrections .
the snp leader said she would prefer david cameron to stay in number 10 .	ms sturgeon said she did not think labour leader ed miliband was ' prime minister ' .	david cameron said any deal between labour and the snp would be a case .
georgina chapman , 22 , told police he had been ' furious ' after he was accused of sexually assaulting a model in his manhattan office last month .	she has been charged with groping an italian model ambra battilana , 22 .
nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county , maryland overnight saturday on charges including aggravated assault , simple assault and neglect of a care - dependent person .	parler 's son , who is non - verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found on friday night lying beneath a rain - soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground , 10 feet from his wheelchair and the bible .
the 65 - year - old has called for lessons to be learnt after historic sex abuse allegations .	the dj , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades , was caught up in the scandal .
amber phillips of los angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in california on tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients . '	the pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work , ' phillips told dailymail .	com of her mother died in the summer of 2012 .
bosses at queen 's hospital , burton , staffordshire , admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement .	bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings , then returned to the trailer .	a spokesman said the use of a refrigerated lorry was normal practice .
amie cox , 33 , of victoria , has for son alex , 5 , over her older boy william , 7 , while appearing on an sbs insight programme about sibling rivalry .	ms cox told daily mail australia she has been attacked and been called ' a freak' , but that she is ' a normal loving mum' .
the 36 - year - old said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15 - foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .
bbc tv documentary ashyas chances of long - term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh kings decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here .	dr wilson , clinical director for child health at southampton general hospital , claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five - year - olds cancer .
kim jong - un appeared on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain 's base .	the 32 - year - old said: ' the climb was like ' nuclear [UNK] .
the study found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years .	the study didn't examine motives behind criminal breaches , or how stolen data might have been used , but cyber - security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
george osborne has gone from being booed in front of his family .	he has gone on the 5:2 diet and lost 2st in the paralympics .	he was booed by his family at the paralympics in london .
paul phillips , 67 , accused the coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land and took the matter to council planners .	the gate has been at the end of the case against mr phillips .
video taken from a plane yesterday shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side .	14 - storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on the platform .
leslie cooper , 36 , was charged with murder of mr arwani , 48 , who was found dead in his black volkswagen passat in wembley last week .	he was remanded in custody to appear at the old bailey .
corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to twitter to shame her daughter harley jo , a student at ohio state university , and her condition .	harley 's mother corinna said she had no right to park in a disabled space despite the fact that she has a handicap spot .
leanne mitchell has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 's first ever series .	leanne won the public vote in the final of the second series in 2012 .	leanne mitchell and andrea jones have won the winner in october .
wolf hall pointed to ' ideological bias ' by clergy in the uk for the first time .	wolf hall tore into the series for its ' perverse ' depictions of the historical characters when it first .
stacey eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ' isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple .	the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday .
wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland .	he says he felt he had no other choice but to shoot thebandit .	mr heneker said he was ' always keeping an eye [UNK] .
thomas thomas , 16 , was left with a 150 , 000 legal bill after failing to sue the council for not doing more to secure the premises .	the court heard that the family had broken into the schools .
u.s. researchers say high heels can reduce the risk of osteoarthritis .	women 's knees are held in sore feet , increasing risk of knee injuries .	women need invasive knee replacement surgery .
jessica kemp , 32 , has accused a school of trying to sue her five - year - old autistic son because of ' essential oils ' .	she says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it was a ' health issue' .
the report was leaked to the washington post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the baltimore police force in the documents , the unidentified prisoner says .
the new horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of pluto and its largest moon charon ahead of its arrival in three months .	new horizons will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 july - humanitys first ever visit to pluto .
andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014 nearly a year after north dakota college student andrew sadek .	tammy sadek believes the answer is that her 20 - year - old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana .
women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months , with men hitting the friendship high point a little later in 27 years and three months .	social networks such as facebook and twitter now play a role in nurturing new friendships .
the russian president 's face has changed dramatically over the years amid persistent rumours he has undergone cosmetic surgery .	he has visible dark circles under his eyes and make his face more chiseled .
paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in sydney 's darling harbour on saturday night after they received a report that a person had entered the water .	the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers , but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket , the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards , landing back in the water again .
jason rezaian has been accused of ' espionage ' and ' acting against jason rezaian ' .	rezaian was also linked to omid memarian , a us - based iranian opposition journalist , in the report .
the poldark series has gone on the market for 3million .	it is already drawing interest from viewers who have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage , and other houses where the title character , ross .
people on the street are asked to guess a woman 's age in a bold new advert .	the parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as young as a miracle .
craig and bonnie morgan are selling it for 185 , 000 to help pay for craig jr 's prep school fees .	they say he is academically gifted and found that he wasnt being stretched at his school .
keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master - carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole .	flew over the world 's largest non - polar icefield in the kluane national park .
sigma alpha epsilon had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t - shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ' thug ' tattoos .	photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: ' merry cripmas to all , and all a hood night .
turkey says it is ' the first genocide of the 20th century ' .	pope francis says it was ' deeply sorry and disappointed ' in the mass killings .	turkey said it was ready to describe the massacre as ' the worst of the killings ' .	francis has caused a ' problem of [UNK] .
male animal was first seen by a local walking his dog in the park near the church of the holy apostles at 28th street and ninth avenue in chelsea .	after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting , nypd officers arrived at the scene .	however , the coyote did not surrender easily , sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops ' attempts to catch it .
new research is suggesting that these extinct early humans may have used wild herbs to flavour their food .	scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50 , 000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron , spain .
new york city has targeted speeding and reckless motorists in a bid to eliminate traffic .	bus drivers have said they are under attack by the new laws last year as part of transit source .
the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck , wxyzreported .	the bodies of a 37 - year - old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit , police said .
37 - year - old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two - year - old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot .	the 37 - year - old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot , which she shared monday on her instagram account .
teacher at foster high school in a houston - area school in richmond , texas , is facing disciplinary action for allegedly giving his students anti - islam propaganda .	the cair , which has complainted to the school , is suing the council of american islamic relations and they complained to the teacher .
the odds were slashed further yesterday after a scottish punter from edinburgh placed a whopping 2 , 000 wager on a new princess with ladbrokes .	betting on the new royal baby 's date of birth has also been hotting up , with the 18th , 19th and 20th april the most popular choices - even though the official due date is the 25th .
stephanie scott 's funeral will be held at the eat your greens function centre in eugowra , near ms scott 's home town of canowindra in rural central west nsw and around a three hour drivefrom leeton where she worked .	reverend williams was also yet another person who sang the praises of the young teacher whose heart - breaking tale has gripped australia in recent weeks .
edward fride , the pastor at christ the king in ann arbor , michigan , suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license .	he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response .
liam linford oliver - christie , 29 , was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington , west london .	officers uncovered the haul and drugs paraphernalia with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in september 2013 - and oliver - christie today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs .
artist plastic jesus put up seven ' no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around hollywood , including in front of the kim , khloe and kourtney kardashian - owned clothing store dash and other hot spots such as the ivy restaurant and cecconi 's on melrose .	plastic jesus says the stunt was not meant to target the kardashians specifically but the reality tv star obsession in general plastic jesus has been compared to street artist banksy .
chris riley , 56 , says in real life , turner would have run out of breath long before completing the filed - and he would have kept his shirt on to protect him from the sun .
virgin australia launches complimentary food on all domestic flights .	it will now be part of a package that will complement the free in - flight entertainment .	the virgin australia package will complement food and checked baggage on offer .
sol campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month 's general election .	campbell has joined forces with homeland actor david harewood , ade adepitan .
the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram .	it is then followed by the world heritage listed sydney opera house with the twelve apostles along the great ocean .
the 53 - year - old is accused of nine counts of indecent assault against three girls and three women over 23 years .	he denies seven counts of nine offences against three women and children .
jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base , and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday to receive purple heart medals .	some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the army has denied .
the fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum , and a sweet taste similar to an alphonso .	the fruit is a naturally occurring cross between the fruit and a mango .
almost three quarters of all dishes served in french bistros , brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved , according to a top ten of the world 's 50 .	xavier denamur , who revealed the scheme , did not get a single entry in to the top 10 of the ' world 's made ' label .
ben parsons , 34 , of brighton , east sussex , stunned girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 , after running 24 - a - half - mile brighton marathon .	anna parsons , ben parson , has been stood in the crowds with their children .
forecasters say temperatures in the south could reach 23c ( 73f ) by wednesday .	forecasters expect the south to reach 17c on tuesday , 23c ( 68f ) on wednesday and 20c on wednesday .
the 28 - year - old was sentenced to life in the death of four people in 10 days .	he has been popularized by the horror film the omen .	jenkins pleaded not guilty to the death penalty .
ken broskey , 69 , of livonia , michigan , has been diagnosed with ' stage 4oropharyngeal ' cancer .	he has taken a job as an uber driver , and his mother - - and his family are now in his home .	it has almost reached the ' $95 , 000 goal ' for his family .
mohammed tahir , 53 , of leytonstone , east london , got off his train at london 's old bailey .	he was banned from using the attention of a young woman and rubbing his crotch and pot belly on her bottom .
the humanoid is currently on exhibit at asiaworld expo - the largest event of its kind in the world .	it contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across ( there are 10million nanometers in one centimetre - .
a new york man , often at his mother 's house , is seen in the film as the ' cannibal cop ' wants to give the public a portrait of his wife and other women online .	the film will be shown on the u.s. and the new york city police officer gilberto valle , 30 , has been out of jail .	valle expressed his desire to portray valle in the case .
the four - bedroom home has a seven - bedroom mansion in the uk .	the sale of ms forbes , 49 , made a red - brick mansion with a neo - classical facade .
karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree , after a complaint was made by her next door neighbour kay daye , as part of a long - running boundary .	but magistrates took just 15 minutes to find ms gaynor not guilty .
craig roberts , 36 , from chadderton , manchester , was told to leave his guide dog outside if he wanted to be served .	the 36 - year - old was told he would have to leave the guide dog bruce .	he said he was left feeling ' angry and shocked ' when he was .
the statue of british colonialist cecil sculpture was splashed with paint in the university of cape town on the same day that the rhodes sculpture was daubed with excrement .	the memorial marks the indian anti - boer 's time in south africa .
millie marotta , 36 , took eight months to complete the illustration in animal kingdom .	the 36 - year - old was approached by an illustrator and designer from tenby , west wales .
the 32 - year - old man has been charged with two counts of murder and charged with murder after being charged with her murder .	the lights were found in two different parts of a southern french region .
pittsburgh - based pop - up shop , less than 100 , has opened in the u.s. , pennsylvania , where women pay 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full .	less than women make even less compared to men than women in order to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes .
biology teacher discovered the worms on the surface of the snow while he was skiing in the mountains near bergen at the weekend .	there have been sightings of worm rainfall in southern norway and sightings of the sky in norway .
jonathan krueger , 22 , was shot and killed in the attack in the university of toledo , kentucky .	police are looking for more suspects in the death of justin krueger , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information .	smith was also charged with robbery , tampering with evidence , and fleeing and evading the incident .
health secretary jeremy hunt announced a plan to train and retain an extra 5 , 000 gps .	the move is designed to demolish cynical labour claims that the tories would cut the nhs to the bone .
freddie gray died sunday after he ' had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation of the death of a severed spine .	the man was taken to a police van while screaming in pain as he was taken into custody .	police still have no thorough investigation of the incident .
mysterious island , por - bajin , was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern siberia a reconstruction sought to show what the island could have looked like before it was ruined the fortress is locatedabout 3 , 800km from moscow near the mongolian border .	experts say the island was built during the period of the uighur khaganate ( 744 - 840 ad .
robert fidler , a 66 - year - old farmer , has lost a four - year legal battle to save the dream home .	he has now lost a nine - year prison term for four years in the past four years .
dr . brandt was seen out with her husband , dr .	franff 's daughter , penelope .	dr . fredric brandt has yet to comment on dr .	jacqueline brandt 's death in the death of dr franff brandt 's suicide .	the show is the first time the emmy - winning kimmy schmidt has been devastated since the death .
one cub takes a nap on the banks of the lake in lakekamchatka lake in kamchatka , russia .	the mother - of - one of her cubs in russia , the family of a lake in russia .
sandra bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year .	the roughly 15 - minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against joshua corbett , who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in june .	a judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for corbett to go on trial .
54 per cent want her to kept out of the next uk government .	59 per cent of voters want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the lib dems .
mohammed dahbi was accused of discrimination after ordering actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer to stop kissing and ' keep that behavior for the bedroom' .	he also made him attend anti - discrimination training and pay a $5 , 000 civil penalty to the city .
' beautiful young vampires ' have led to a surge in young people dabbling in occult forces , an exorcism expert says .	notable tv shows including true blood and the twilight film series .
punk fashion took to the runway at sydney 's carriageworks , with stocking caps , fishnets , tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk .	khim hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers .
ryan giggs spent 150 , 000 trying to silence big brother star imogen thomas from revealing details of their affair rhodri with his wife natasha before he knew about her eight - year affair with his brother .	natasha also said she had aborted ryan 's baby just weeks before she got married to rhodri in las vegas .
tom ryan , a married father - of - two , was believed to be in staten island .	he was taken to staten island university when he was struck by a bus .	mr ryan , 40 , was hit by a toyota station on staten island , staten island and lost a leg in the car .
snp leader spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead , sparked outrage with her suggestion by refusing to rule out a second vote on breaking up the union .	lib dem leader nick clegg warned the entire country would suffer if the snp chose to ' constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want' .
isis militants are being led by a highly secretive group of strategists and officials that were once senior figures in saddam hussein 's army .	haji bakr is widely considered to have been isis leader abu bakr al - baghdadi 's closest advisor and the overall head of the islamic state .
two - year - old had injected a large amount of the drug that day .	he was taken to hospital but was flagged down in new york avenue .	braddock , who had worked as a deputy in the back of the car , was called to help .
polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent , pointing to another hung parliament on may 7 .	one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than 10 , 000 on david cameron 's party .
the gemini 4 mission was tipped to sell for 80 , 000 ( $120 , 000 ) for the first time four years later .	the gemini programme of the 1960s was designed to develop and test capabilities that could have derailed humans on the moon in the 1960s .
the 27 - year - old was convicted of leaking a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website and was sentenced to 35 years prison .	manning was found guilty of espionage in 35 years after being found guilty in july 2013 .
andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting inshyrokyne , a villagenear mariupol in east ukraine , and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds .	mr lunev , reportedly from donetsk , ukraine , received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues , before he was taken to hospital .
larung gar buddhist academy is home to 40 , 000 nuns and nuns .	the monks and nuns are segregated by a winding road , with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets installed the settlement .
sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , were in critical condition .	the family 's lawyer said the boys were in ' occupational condition ' .	the us environmental protection agency said there was ' a presence of methyl bromide ' in the unit .
tony castro is the ultimate toy for the ultra - rich and has been dubbed the ' range rover of the seas' ' .	it comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 crew .
a reveller was arrested after ' all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl .	two women were knocked out and a man was arrested .	police were called after a fight at southport holiday park .
mary day , 60 , of swanage in dorset , used taxpayers ' money to go on luxury holidays to the indian resort of goa for up to a month each time .	day has now pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify the department for work and pensions of a change in circumstances affecting her ability to claim benefits .
white - cheeked macaque was found in the remote highland forests of south - east tibet .	he has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the testicles found on other species in the area .
david nellist , 38 , was caught on cctv punching , kicking and throwing his dog across the room .	the 38 - year - old has been banned from keeping animals for five years .	co - owned at the time of the incident .
ed miliband has overtaken david cameron as the most popular political leader for the first time .	the labour party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the tories with just 28 days until polling day .	labour is up 2 points on 35 , the conservatives down one to 31 .
32 per cent of lovers of grilled cheese have sex at least six times a month .	the most popular filling is american cheese , picked by 41 per cent .	continental varieties are at the bottom of the league .
dave hughes called radio broadcaster derryn hinch a ' w**ker ' on national tv .	the episode came after a video surfaced of tony abbott skolling a beer in a sydney pub on the weekend .	australian comedian dave hughes has refused to comment on .
labour appeared split on its proposed new 50p top rate of income tax today after shadow business secretary chuka umunna said it should only be a temporary measure .	his remarks highlighted divisions in labour 's top ranks over the 50p rate , introduced for the last few weeks of gordon brown 's government as a trap for the tories .
the harewood arms in wakefield , west yorkshire , has publicly revealed its support for the right - wing party , which is running a ' save the pub ' campaign in the run up to the election .
lorraine valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria ( epp ) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light .	a holiday abroad left the 42 - year - old in hospital for six days , as the heat caused her entire body to swell .
nick cousins , 57 , and grace garcia cousins , 53 , were arrested in hong kong .	they were also being questioned by police over claims that filipino mrs cousins had overstayed her visa .
a third of over - 55s cited their age as the reason for not wanting to take a new qualification .	third of older workers did not believe better computer skills would help them in their current job .	association of accounting technicians say training was heavily geared towards young workers .
jake castner , a 19 - year - old drug addict , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts .	he pleaded guilty to 33 offences in november last year , he wrote on the social media .	he begged for a lift to hospital and asked for his mothers phone .
three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police .	the capture of one of the main drug gangs in reynosa , tamaulipas state , on april 17 , 2015 .	mexican authorities confirm the capture was brought under control .
kelly watson , of gateshead in tyne and wear , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co - ordination .	she is terrified of forgetting her 17 - year - old daughter holly and said the joys of watching her grow up had ' all been stolen from me' .
albert is the latest frowning feline to become a social media hit .	albert is from salt lake city , a breed of selkirk rex , known for their wild , curly hair .	he is a constant source of entertainment to his 44 .
sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he killed a police officer and another man outside a dallas - area convenience store .	a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death , and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings in 2002 and should be spared the death penalty .
a bear , nicknamed mishutka , is unable to survive on its own .	the bear was found alone after it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago .	he is hoping to find a new home for the hand - reared bear .
anna foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2 , 000 per cent .	the 30 - year - old was found guilty of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering .
a 20 - year - old man has been charged with a medley of offences .	he was hospitalised with a broken neck , along with the driver , 20 , and he suffered bruising and shock .
the birth of prince george 's new baby is expected to happen later this week overseen by mrs middleton , both the anmer nursery and the one at the country home , while in the nursery .	the new arrival will also have the run of a second nursery at kensington palace .
ronald reagan asked mikhail gorbachev for help from russia to ' fight the alien invader' .	the president and former actor went off - script during a peace summit in geneva in the 1980s to ask the soviet leader for his support in the event of an invasion from extra terrestrial life .	reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students , and his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them .
rye silverman , a los angeles - based writer and self - confessed ' gender rebel' , has been a fan of modcloth 's designs for years , and often posts pictures of herself on the brand 's style gallery , an open fashion forum .
cheryl rios , who runs the company go ape marketing , posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president . '	with the hormones we have , there is no way , ' she wrote in her post .
key is to maintain an even balance of ' ' energy in ' and ' energy ' . '	it 's a lot more efficient ' to manage your ' energy consumption ' to burn off .
alison sharland , 47 , agreed a 10 .	35million settlement in a deal that saw her give up her claim to an equal share in her husband 's software company .	but husband charlie had lied about the value of his share in appsense , and she now says she is entitled to more .
the 17 - year - old was one of the participants in thenrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament .	dressed in a variety of elaborately decorated cowboy - style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat , miss schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the ' first go - round 2nd section ' yesterday afternoon .
kieron power , 54 , was on his way to a police cars parked in a bus stop .	he was given a 110 ticket for anti - terror laws after taking pictures of police vehicles parked in the bus .
letourneau , 53 , and letourneau letourneau , 21 , and her husband , vili letourneau , will talk about their relationship with her husband 's daughter .	the couple will have three children together .	she will also talk about how they make their marriage work despite the couple .
geraldine schultz , 67 , was blown from the home where she died in fairdale , illinois , to the town of fairdale , chicago .	she was taken to the house with her husband , who died in the tornado .
audrey pekin , a man , was attacked by a man in the house in bali .	she was attacked as she tried to flee to the bed when she stalked her .	the pair began drinking together at the house before moving to the house .	they were locked the door and forced her to force her to flee .
brianne altice , 35 , was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges , including rape , sodomy and sex with a minor .	one of the alleged victims brought a $647 , 000 lawsuit against the utah school district accusing officials of negligence .
similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives .	neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals .	this is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57 , 600 years .
theatre director glen walford has been told by judges that the house , where she has recently invested 40 , 000 in renovations , was not her home at the time when her mother went into care because she rents a flat in london .	miss walford , 75 , has spent two years fighting over whether the 205 , 000 house should be used to recover the cost of her mothers care .
the 38 - year - old chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in january .	a court heard keeley launched a chair at his ex - girlfriend before he started attacking her and barristers had to step in to break the chair .
the nail house in wenling , zhejiang province , sits in the middle of a road under construction in nanning , guangxi zhuang autonomous region .	homes such as these in china are known as ' dingzihu ' or ' nail houses ' because they demolish my house by force .
dawn williamson , 39 , had been petrified of snakes ever since she watched b - movie venom when she was seven years old .	she was hooked up to a tray of plastic snake , which sent her heart rate soaring .
google has announced a new tool that can't lock the missing phone , or erase its data .	users will need to install the android device manager ( adm . )	if they want these features .	google 's latest tool can't be signed in on the phone .
actress , sulinh lafontaine , was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick .	lafontaine has been brazenly misrepresenting herself as a member of the film 's crew .	lafontaine said she was the only female stunt association in the set of the stunt .
andrew steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last august of his wife , 39 - year - old sister , kacee tollefsbol , of lake elmo , minnesota .	taking the stand for the defense on day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial dr .	doug tucker said that was the reason steele killed the two and that he was ' unable to conform his conduct .
buddhist wu yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at lingquan temple in central china 's anyang city .	now 17 years on , his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible , the people 's daily online reports .
71 per cent of voters say they are more likely to want to know about politicians .	only a quarter say it is ' important to know ' about leaders domestic lives .	mr clegg and his wife miriam were seen in their 1 .	5m putney home .
queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday .	the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny .	fortunately , ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ' the joe and jenny ' in noosa on sunday .
jamie pettingill threatened to slice off a schoolboy 's face , was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones .	pettingill robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones , and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family , county court judge sandra davis said .
marie surprenant , from atlanta , georgia , was eight - months - old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to thechildrens healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures , numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury .	after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested , marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele surprenant .
al - baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike and is no longer in control of the terrorist group , according to an iraqi source .	he was wounded in a three - car convoy in march in nineveh , iraq .	he is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the group .
christopher flowers was traveling down chili avenue in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames .	he immediatelypulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top .
jack mascitelli , a 18 - year - old student , stripped naked and ran through the streets of byron bay to win a free kebab .	the prank backfired when he ran ' screaming and yelling ' past a group of police officers .
the robot is set to start work at the mitsukoshi department store in nihonbashi , tokyo .	it will be set up at the information desk of a robot in tokyo to help customers find their way .
three people have been sent to prison and another two are awaiting sentencing for their roles in a horrific assault on a 53 - year - old man , who was beaten , tied to a chair , and covered in offensive tattoos .	a philadelphia court heard thursday that corry ' corey ' campbell , 21 , was the ringleader of the gang , who have become known as the ' tattoo terrorists' .
the house in the sea is connected by a island in the ocean , padstow and the tiny island of the island .	the house can be reached by a 90ft - high suspension bridge .
ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , on october 2013 .	ranette 's 20 - year - old son was married at the time of the fateful bump .	ranette , 20 , and his wife , 18 , and her husband have been dating .
kyle seitz , 37 , of ridgefield , received two years of conditional release , a sentence similar to probation , at the hearing in danbury superior court .	authorities say seitz forgot to take his 15 - month - old son , benjamin , to day care on the morning of july 7 , 2014 , and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work .
jessica brown was born on her way to hospital with her husband , zakk satterley , when the couple realized , in standstill traffic waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass .	fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby .
the sinaloa cartel declared war on the dea 's most dangerous city in the world .	the cartel was formerly known as ' the liquidator ' and ' the [UNK] ' .	jesus aguayo is charged with multiple counts of homicides in the city .
cannes film festival has been declared a selfie - free zone after organisers asked fans to stop taking the'ridiculous and grotesque ' images ' .	he said he did not have the powers to ban the pictures , but said he could not have a selfie .
her daughter koral reef picked up the deadly and mysteriousbalamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013 .	reef married her high school sweetheart that july and began to show worsening symptoms likeheadache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later .
a six - year - old boy , six , fell while trying to restrain a boy with autism .	last year , staff at eight schools refused to reattach the top part of her finger .
new series , chaos caught on camera , premieres on science channel monday , april 13 , and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama .	each natural or man - made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics , illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival .
dmitry kaminskiy , a senior partner of hong kong - based firm , is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ' supercenternarians ' .	he says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to die .
the temperature in the south is forecast to reach 24c ( 75f ) tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year , the 21 .	9c ( 71 .	4f ) recorded in london on friday .	the delightful weather , caused by warm air blowing up from the azores , is creating conditions we might usually experience in july or august .
dr nadeem cappuccini , 52 , is believed to have left the country after a caesarean .	he was charged with manslaughter by the death of a teacher in the death .	the 52 - year - old is thought to be in pakistan but was due to be released .	the family has been charged with corporate manslaughter .
the federal government will be investing $4 .	1 million on a tv drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering australian shores by boat .	the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria later in the year , urging asylum seekers not to trust people .
emerson decarvalho , 38 , was charged with assault with a deadly weapon after the incident in san francisco .	the incident occurred in the busy fisherman 's wharf area of san francisco when the cyclist was shouting at him .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane .	the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at lihue airport on kauai when an alaska airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything .
corey edwards , a five - year - old , was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven months .	the archbishop of canterbury has been on the paediatric intensive care unit at bristol children 's hospital since january .	the bishop of canterbury had to get special permission from canterbury to marry at the hospital .
michelle o'clee , 39 , said her bigamist husband 's ' extraordinary lies ' were like something from a john grisham thriller .	andrew oclee , 36 , had secretly moved in with finance manager philippa campbell , who lived 40 miles away in a lavish wedding while michelle was pregnant with their first child .
the figures were unveiled in a freedom of information act request by press gazette to 435 city council .	the number of manchester city council is the worst offender for its size .	it has 77 individuals working for it in pr and similar areas .	london council has at least 40 pr staff and individuals .
maria twomey , 42 , from watford , slimmed to her lowest weight of weight loss .	she was able to lift weights and complete high - energy sprints on an exercise bike .	she has now left behind her job in a bid to lift her body .
richard williams , 54 , had spent 50 , 000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope .	his ex - wife laurel williams , 28 , was jailed for a total of four years and eight months .
shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid 2 , 200 to cover a single 12 - hour shift .	it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request .
arman nejad , 23 , dragged her into his home and raped her in october 2009 .	greater manchester police admitted ' unacceptable delays ' and ' failures ' .	the victim was finally arrested and charged with rape .
the camera was discovered by kristoffer rstadius 's father in a meadow in gringelstad , sweden .	it is believed the footage was taken four years ago and kristoffer uploaded the footage in the hope of finding its owner .
karen catherall , 45 , was viciously beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys , who she met only weeks earlier on dating site plenty of fish .	he was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february .	police have since told the family that the mother - of - two made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub .
shanna mccormick , a 31 - year - old , feared she would not live to see her wedding day .	she managed to lose 16 .	5st in two years so she could walk down the aisle .
the panellist said she was ' hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a ' discussion about overweight teens ' .	critics and the public have spoken out on twitter .
in the uk , those who are stressed out due to environmental or emotional pressures are an important way to control your snacking habits .	but there are some who do it more often than others , according to experts .
liana barrientos was deported back to 2010 after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force , which was legally married to at least four people at the time .	she was married to salle keita , of mali , mali , mali and georgia - - and - barrientos , who was married ten times .
skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by ottoman troops .	the skeleton was found beneath a cellar in central europe .	the remains were found in the city of tulln in 2006 .
a white supremacist gunned down his gay boss for sexually abusing one of his young relatives , he told the court during his first appearance on tuesday .	he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro , north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor , ronald lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike .	he will be extradited back to north carolina to face a charge of open murder .
walter the 22 - year - old grey - headed flying fox bat , from sydney , picked up his taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner 's cup of tetley 's tea .
the wing of a sunset moth the photos were shot by linden gledhill from staffordshire , who combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry .	the 51 - year - old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly 's wing pattern .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare .	she said the policy , to be launched today , would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families .
woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52 - year - old mother debbie when they were four months old .	now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
john loughery , 60 , camped out at the lindo wing for every day of the last 10 years .	inquest into the death of andrew tyler , 71 , is only a member of the royal event .
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag atdwarika prasad school in railamau village .	the alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home .
amanda knox spoke outside her parents ' home on march 27 flanked by her fianc colin sutherland .	she went to italy as a normal 20 - year - old , west coast girl , a soccer player , very nave , ' says preston about knox 's ill - fated adventure to perugia .
alexander buckley , 21 , has been charged with the murder of karen buckley .	the 21 - year - old was found dead at glasgow caledonian university in glasgow on saturday night .	miss buckley was charged with murder and attempted to defeat the ends of justice .
every day across the world scientists publish countless studies into the health benefits of the fads .	the charcoal is thought to act as a ' detox ' and a ' healthy ' craze in the hope of improving weight .
the 44 - year - old was bitten by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf .	the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ' mutual friend ' .	she said he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached' .
tori spelling was supposed to be taken to the grossman burn center in west hills , california .	she suffered severe infection and scarring from another area of the body , the source says .
zoe elizabeth sugg , 25 , and alfie deyes , 21 , are being hijacked by 30 - second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites .	jamie oliver 's company said it has a deal with youtube .
the 51 - year - old married father of two and was diagnosed with leukemia .	he was transferred to the hospital where he was succumbed to the disease .	scott had been diagnosed with pneumonia and diagnosed with the deadly disease .	he had leukemia and his leukemia and leukemia .
the 61 - year - old democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon dr salomon melgen , 60 , according to a 68 - page federal indictment unsealed this month and detailed in the new york post .	menendez used his influence to get visas for married melgen 's multiple young lovers abroad .
muslim engagement and development have reportedly claimed it can influence up to 30 seats at the general election .	the group , which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution , says it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour .
the five - year - old was trapped by her home by herself in the xiangtan , south china .	she fell from the metal bars and become trapped by the neck .	the girl fell in the house and became slipping into her home .
siyanda ngwenya , known as adams , allegedly attacked the female contestant while she was asleep after a drunken night of partying in the house in johannesburg .	ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman , whom mailonline has chosen not to name .
brazilian supermodel seen partying at coachella festival in california on sunday .	she is currently being monitored at ucla hospital in westwood , los angeles .	friend said she had been suffering what she described as ' constant headaches ' and had made the appointment two weeks ago .
chelsea boy andy jordan 's heart lies outside the capital .	from getting stopped and searched for drugs in mexico , the fun - loving broker has had many adventures beyond london 's exclusive sw3 postcode .
cctv footage shows gem thieves in the middle of their audacious cctv footage of the hatton garden raiders 21 hours before scotland yard released them in a bid to appeal for information of the thieves .	the gang is thought to have ' never heard of anything like ' a newspaper .
indigenous models have long been crying out for by the start of the fashion week .	aboriginal models have yet to make a significant impact on aboriginal models .	the agency is hoping to make an impact on the fashion market .
ashy bines , who is the face of the popular fitness program ashy bines bikini body challenge , is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago , the gold coast bulletinreports .	the debts , which were due last may , include income and tax , a fine and $295 , 955 worth of interest .
benjamin carr , 22 , was paid 1 , 500 in counterfeit banknotes by benjamin carr .	he was stabbed 13 times as she tended to four horses in a pool of blood by her husband .
the ming dynasty 's ' martial city ' has a reputation that will be drawn up to the castle at zhangjiakou , china 's northern hebei province , a wide wall .	the project will restore the restoration of the ming and the ming military system .
robert downey jr has helped raise more than 1million for a pre - premiere caviar .	it donate 1 , 500 , 863 for the dorset - based charity to build a new hospice in wiltshire .
three - month - old gorilla is joined by two other gorillas in 2014 .	they have been welcomed by the other 17 gorillas in the enclosure .	they are joined by three - year - old other youngsters who were born .
the lion king for the first time was captured on camera by her father barles charkley .	the lion 's father , mufasa , is based in baltimore , maryland , the video stars his toddler daughter viktoria , as she comes to terms with the tragedy .
the film is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ' rogue one ' .	film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the death star plans .
eurocamp - sur - mer on frances mediterranean coast went without a hitch .	joe and five - year - old anna were hiring a car , rather than driving all the way .	the children spent plenty of time in the pool , playing with a car .
wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks .	the flavours include wasabi peas and pizza , nachos and hummus .	sausage rolls are paired perfectly with the riesling and shiraz .
a woman was killed instantly on wednesday after she drove her suv around an active crossing gate and collided with an amtrak train in meridian , mississippi .	the collision happened about 3pm on norfolk .
luke brett moore , 27 , was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in goulburn district court .	opening a freedom saving account with st george bank in 2010 , moore was able to overdraw $2 .	189 million over three years , the courier mailreported .
tom richards , 25 , was arrested after being held in a cell for 11 hours .	it comes after the 41 - year - old claimed he had been ' violent towards her ' .	richards , who is an mma fighter , denies the allegations .
google is believed to be in talks with hutchison whampoa , the owner of the three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost .
12 - year - old was walking in highly flammable wd40 before threatening to set him alight .	the victim , who is yet to be named , was wearing a grey jacket , usually used on cars or locks , over him before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him .	police say the first offender was described as ' unprovoked ' and ' [UNK] .
the monkey recieves the lid of a monkey on a hot day in the bali , indonesia .	the monkey tilts its head back and begins gulping down the water .	the video was shot by the monkey from a hole in a water bottle .
johnny manziel was in treatment for the first time since being released from rehab .	the cleveland browns quarterback has been released from the cleveland outfit .	manziel is suffering from a problem with alcohol .
paul monk , 54 , was wanted by spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of francis brennan , whose badly decomposed body washed up on a costa blanca beach in march last year .	he was also wanted by the metropolitan police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of the national crime agency 's operation captura campaign ahead of his detention .
former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the side of the road in sydney recently as his driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car .	felicity waterford was waiting for her daughter at the sydney conservatorium of music when she saw john howard 's car had a flat tyre .
andrew cuomo has met with cuba 's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue , mastercard , pfizer and other new york - based companies .	the new york governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders .
fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests .	he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals .	former teachers and testing coordinators would be given one year of home confinement and a $1 , 000 fine .
ukip leader nigel farage has railed against the number of people from elsewhere in europe working in the uk .	he wants an australian - style system to set targets for the level of skills needed for someone to come to britain .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .	now , after covering an estimated 36 , 000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .
the queen 's guard was left red - faced after he slipped on a manhole cover .	the incident took place in front of hundreds of tourists who were watching the guard .	the guard started to blush as he peered at the crowd .
john travolta says church elders have a ' blackmail file ' of ' damaging material ' from travolta 's sessions with auditors .	travolta said it has been a support system for the family for four decades .
the video shows solar flares and energy raining down on the sun , an overview of the suns atmosphere .	the footage shows the beauty of the solar surface and even a comet breezing .
the amount of ammunition used in the sa - 80 assault rifles during the eight - year conflict .	the conflict shows the intense nature of the fighting between british troops and their taliban .
environmental health were called to the sutton arms , in elton , stockton last year after two dozen people sufferedgastroenteritis after eating at the pub on easter sunday .	inspectors discovered evidence of a rodent infestation in the food storage area which was littered with droppings and food past its sell - by date .	six specimen samples frompeople who visited the pub on april 20 last year were taken - all from sixdifferent households .
us examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 .	half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner over 12 days , while the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame .
beasley has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret her decision after the band 's lead singer was later exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser .	ellia said she was shocked when she heard about watkin 's depraved crimes - and hated the fact she was associated with him thanks to her tattoo .
lord jannercontroversially escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations because the crown prosecution service said alzheimers has left him unfit to face trial a former director of public prosecutions .	lord macdonald qc , who was dppbetween 2003 and 2008 , said that instead of consulting with headquarters in london , cps lawyers in leicestershire decided fresh evidence against janner was not worth pursuing through the courts .
the isis video has emerged of isis thugs using sledgehammers and statues in the 2 , 000 - year - year - - era world heritage city of hatra .	they are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the ancient city pillars .
amanda richards , who has grown tired of the battle between fat and skinny , is ' no angel lingerie ' .	she says she 's tired of being told to settle for plus - size fashion .
father - of - son dan , who has been stationed in afghanistan since november , was invited to drop him off the ground as part of the planned surprise , eitan and his wife ronit urman , who had been in afghanistan in november .	he had been stationed at the arizona coyotes game on saturday .
the amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc , us , is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches five falafels to different strains of weed .	owners arianne and scott bennett devised the rather sophisticated falafel .
joel parker , 33 , was arrested for throwing a snickers bar at the driver 's head .	he was not injured but called the police and parker was disruptive .	the bus driver was charged with battery , a police spokesman said .
clorox bleach and other products said it was ' racist ' .	clorox tweeted ' we need to clean up your bleach ' .	tweeted ' not sure what it was racist , ' the company says .
joseph t .	brennan jr .	of norwell tried to hide from the cameras as he was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday , pleadingnot guilty to possession of an infernal device .	this after authorities searched the residences following an incident on saturday night in which brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette and police discovered ' various bomb - making components ' .	police have not revealed at this time the relationship between the two men .
joanne whitehouse , 44 , had applied for her four - year - old daughter alice to go to st john fisher 's rc primary school in rochdale .	she believed there would be ' no issue ' with her daughter gaining a appeal .
web - based company homestay .	com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield .	at best , homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you .
the 40 - year - old pillowcase is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep .	the 40 anti - wrinkle beauty pillow is the brainchild of hammacher schlemmer , in the uk .
dias costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the raiders , who fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood .	the burglary took place late at night in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba , in central argentina - and all of the men are currently in intensive care .
lindsey vonn won her 67th birthday at augusta national golf club .	the olympic gold medalist has had two back surgery in the last two years .	vonn has struggled to get back from her own injuries .
the quaint cottage is part of the landgate cottage in kendal , cumbria , and were meant to hook up to the earthy aesthetic of the atomic age 1950s it was the age of modernism .	here , mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era .
huw thomas , the labour candidate in ceredigion , west wales , suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were fora ' simpleton ' or a ' casual racist' ' .	mr thomas said he made the comments as ' a young student ' and he no longer held those views .
each year , 300 , 000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film 's 50th anniversary .	the film was founded in the 8th century .
pete davidson , played by pete davidson ( left ) , in court during the trial of janet johnson - luna , 32 , played by cecily strong ( right ) .	the youngster tells the court the affair lasted five ' glorious weeks ' and he instigated it to gain extra credit the attorney then asks him to point her out .
hillary clinton launched her presidential campaign on sunday and hit the road in a van , en route to a skeptical bunch of community college students in monticello , iowa .	he said his teachers chose him to join a group of ' from 6 to 8 ' students whowill participate because ' i pay attention to politics .
jack andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in maryland with his elder brother , luke , and parents , and steve , a civil engineer .	he was photographed with bill , hillary clinton and jack andraka .
tragic incident took place in princess anne - a community of 3 , 260 in somerset county , maryland .	princess anne police told daily mail online that no foul play was suspected in the deaths .	bonnie and lloyd edwards , encountered outside the home by a reporter from the associated press , identified themselves as the mother and stepfather of rodney todd , 36 .
jack rowe was found in his family 's swimming pool in upavon , wiltshire .	the toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water .	coroner ruled the death as accidental .
state pensions would be increased by more than 60 a week , child benefit doubled , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent .	the party also pledged to pump an extra 12billion a year into the nhs from day one , introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways .	immigrants will also be given free english classes , while fruit and vegetables will be kept out of school until they are seven .
puppy 's corgis ran off with one of sir ranulph fiennes 's siberian huskies .	he 's become a favourite with workers at the dogs trust in basildon , essex .	he 's become a favourite with workers at the dogs trust in basildon , essex , who have been looking after him since he was found .
the 20 - month - old prince george has turned out a rascal with a tattoo on his arm .	the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has a blinged - up ' common .
lisa and ruby were shot dead in a home in geldeston , norfolk .	the family had to be re - homed by ruby and james tuttle .	the dogs marley and lily were shot and killed in their garden .
chris roberts attempted to board a flight from colorado to san francisco to speak at a major security conference there this week , but was stopped by the airline 's corporate security at the gate .	roberts had been removed from a united flight from united states .	roberts was questioned by fbi agents for four hours .
vine has been viewed more than 500 , 000 times receiving a total of 5 , 000 views .	a video posted on social media site vineby last weekend , facing up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for a round of the game .
robert gentile appeared in federal court in hartford , connecticut , on friday .	his attorney , ryan mcguigan , contended federal bureau of investigation agents really want to see what gentile knows about the theft of $500million in artwork from boston 's isabel stewart gardner museum 25 years ago .
the stones were so large ( 6 mm across ) they could not be passed naturally .	one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone , and the numbers are rising dramatically .
ed miliband received 1 .	9million in the first week of the election campaign .	the think - tank received 25 , 000 from the lib dems in the last week 's last week .	it was the first round of election donations registered , 506 , 000 .
emma , 15 , was admitted to hospital after being admitted to eating disorder .	she said she wants to help lose weight after seeing pictures of her daughter .	the 15 - year - old is now sharing her story to help others .
japanese airline all nippon airways set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the star wars films r2 - d2 .	the cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels the words ' star wars' , in the movie 's distinctive font .
madalina neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen and told doctors she believed she was in labour .	but after carrying out tests , they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant at all .	instead , she was actually carrying a 11lbs ( 5kg ) tumour inside her uterus .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street .	nbc reports he was arrested on wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment .	stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar .
the 22 - year - old man was the man in his 20s , who was holding two knives , stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol , reported the people 's daily online .	chinese social media users have praised ' tough girl' .
thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton , hampshire .	he fled with a ' significant ' amount of cash and ordering them to hand over money .	the man , whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages , then fled from the station .
shelley jo snyder , 14 , was found in a river near to her home on saturday .	he was last seen at a motel in new york on easter sunday .	snyder has admitted moving the body from their home .
mental health advocate nic newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 it was the unexpected and tragic death of his older , teenage brother , christopher , who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses .	his bad moods progressed into forms of anxiety and depression and what nic described as an ' overwhelming sadness that didn't come from any particular place' .
byron 's buds measure a whopping 8 .	6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iphone 6 .	his daughter emily , 14 , is not far behind the record for the widest female tongue .
five - year - old was taken from southampton general hospital by his parents last august .	the amount was spent on accommodation , 792 on flights , 132 on travel and parking , 000 on hiring .
gaioz nigalidze , the current georgian champion , was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament when he was found using his phone in the middle of a match .	the two - time national champion was exposed when his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory .	tournament organisers found nigalidze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle , covered in toilet paper .
gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event .	the 47 - year - old father - of - three collapsed while covering andy murray 's wedding .
jim ratcliffe , founder and chairman of chemical company ineos has applied to planning officials in the new forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a ' carbon neutral ' mansion .	the 62 - year - old businessman who is based in switzerland claims that the new house , if built , will be his only uk residence .
the lowenbrau keller , in sydney 's the rocks , has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ' wunderbra ' .	the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ' make mein a dubbel' .
just four in 10 renters ( 43 per cent ) aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home , compared to almost half a year ago .	three - quarters of uk renters also fear they will never be able to buy their own home .
the 41 - year - old has pleaded not guilty to a first - degree murder and 22 other charges .	he is accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others during the incident in phoenix , arizona , usa .	he will now stand trial for the murder of a man and white .
matheryn naovaratpong , from arizona , is thought to be the youngest person ever .	she was diagnosed with anaggressiveform of cancer last january .	the toddler was a rare form of brain cancer .
seidel leisure land , in tohoku , japan , attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors .	the broken down remains of the park are tourist attractions in their own right .	urban explorer florian seidel , 38 , visited the creepy location .
the victim 's brother martinez sutton then screamed: ' you want me to be quiet ?	this m***** f***** killed my sister! '	she died after one of the five bullets from servin 's unregistered glock handgun pierced the left side of her head .
pine - forested island lies in the sporades , east of the mainland .	with no airport , most people fly to skiathos , followed by an hour 's ferry ride .	skopelos is known as the film location for mamma mia!
sheldon sheldon , from dartford , kent , was charged with the attempted murder of another child who was in the ford fiesta .	his mother was taken to hospital for treatment after suffering serious injuries in the doors of the car .
kaylie milliken is the filmmaker behind billion dollar bully , an ongoing documentary focused on yelp 's impact on small businesses .	she says she 's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise ' businesses feel extorted .
delonte ' martistee , 22 , of georgia and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , charged on friday with sexual battery .	the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and likened the scene to ' wild animals preying on a florida beach .
health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis a virus , all of whom consumed the same brand of frozen mixed berries .	the health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis a virus , all of whom consumed the same brand of frozen mixed berries .
the method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up - all in the hopes of kylie jenner 's bee - stung pout .
bombing in ainkawa , near kurdish regional capital arbil , did not kill or wound any consular employees .	the us state department said the bombing in ainkawa , near kurdish regional capital arbil , did not kill or wound any consular employees .
dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons .	the harvard - educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 .	the harvard - educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 .
riley filmer , 14 , turned up for classes on first day of term at mcclelland college in melbourne 's south - east .	only to be told that her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs .	girls are to wear ' black leather lace - up school shoes ( not fashion .
the product , phynova joint and muscle relief , contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis .	dr mike dixon says he is a ' fan ' of herbal medicines .
two - thirds of new uk men have a 50 per cent higher risk of epilepsy .	older fathers are able to end in the loss of the foetus compared to younger fathers .	a study from doctors at the centre for reproductive medicine , baylor , and other fathers .
farmer daniel weness , of leroy , reported on tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn .	the canister was worth about $500 , and the vials of semen were worth from $300 to $1 , 500 apiece .	a $500 canister heldvials of semen worth between $300 and $1 , 500 each the theft happened sometime between april 1 and 7 .
moya missodendaal , a teacher from the kruger national park , south africa , is a teacher atlaerskool missodendaal , 24 , who is a student in the village of village of village of lothair .	the buffalo managed to escape the buffalo before running into the side of the car .
mark gentle , from farmington , maine , found his son carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open - heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was ' ugly' , the concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy 's chest to hisfacebookaccount in the hopes of generating some wider support and , in turn boost carter 's confidence .
koetters was in his early - to - mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16 - year - old student , which began in the 2000 - 2001 school year .	joseph koetters , a former teacher at marlborough school , is being sued by a former student who alleges that he sexually abused her .
snowden said he did not read all of the documents that were handed over to journalists .	the 31 - year - old stunned the world in june 2013 less than a month after the murder of snowden .
the tornado sweeps past a tornado in front of mr smith 's truck in illinois .	he was travelling from minneapolis to indiana on the road in the distance of the tornado .	he says he hung up on his son so he would think they were disconnected .
four have been sold and the final one will be gone by the end of next month .	tesco has spent 29 million flying executives to different parts of the world between 2005 and 2012 .
sam holtz , a 12 - year - old sixth grader from lake zurich , illinois , beat out 11 .	5million entries to win the annual espn tournament challenge .	sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18 - years - old .
mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in londons hyde park sporting a high - tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles .	he was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high - carb energy gel packs .
the datai hotel in malaysia has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city .	it is an archipelago of 104 islands in the andaman sea , 20 miles off the coast of malaysia .	it was given world geopark status by unesco .
ayyan ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream .	she was last seen in vip departure lounge of benazir bhutto international airport .	she has been in jail since march 14 , when she was caught with the money .
denise van outen is the latest big name to sign for eastenders .	the actress is to play max branning 's new landlord in the long - running series .	denise van dyer has turned her hand to appear in eastenders .
crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments .	weekend opening hours for gps has been touted as one solution .	many patients wont need to take up other care services , it is thought .
gaston pinsard was sentenced to 18 months behind bars after he admitted carrying out the assaults more than 50 years ago .	the 96 - year - old , who claimed he was himself abused at a notorious jersey children 's home , first targeted his victims when they were just five - years - old .
walter scott , 50 , is charged with murder after opening fire on north charleston , south carolina , on saturday .	he is being held in jail on murder charges and is being kept in jail .
the announcement was made on the company 's blog bymicrosoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith .	the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it .
christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , jailed for 44 years for gun attack .	he was jailed for a total of 44 years and jailed for 38 years for dealing crack cocaine and heroin .
the 52 - year - old had showered the teen with gifts and money for a year before he ended the relationship .	the teacher now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder .
mark lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife - wielding nationalist kim ki - jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month .
scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro - controllers and 129 sensors .	the arms can chop , stir , whisk and baste .
the 25 - year - old cousin of princes william and harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on thursday .	the british royal , who is currently working in new york , showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black and cream miniskirt .
the tory london mayor warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate the government of the uk , ' an entity that they are sworn to destroy' .	he likened it to ' asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery' .
investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan saturday evening at the arcadia palms on east sahara avenue when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside .	police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental , and no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire .
eighty guests fled the fire at the 119 - bedroom hotel , which featured in tvs inspector morse .	no one was hurt and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
a south african writer has claimed australia is more racist than her homeland - where segregation by skin colour used to be law .	she originally called south africa home , sisonke msimang , 41 , moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months .	as a journalist and an activist , she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights , race relations and government accountability in south africa .
ketv - 7 in the nearby city of omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped - parking sign to climb into the vehicle .	secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if scooby had been left unattended .
game of thrones star seth myers said he was ' wonderful for two or three days ' .	the 28 - year - old plays the character jon snow on late - night chat show .
laura scurr , 48 , from whitley bay , was left on a ' sensible diet ' .	the 15 - year - old was living off just one piece of fruit a day and would hide her food down the side of her bed .	she has now spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero .
hollywood model ambra battilana , 22 , told policeweinstein groped her during a ' business meeting ' at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27 .	battilanaclaimed the 63 - year - old father of five askedif her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt .	battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after lodging the complaint against weinstein .
family of one of the five men arrested as part of massive anti - terrorism raids in melbourne were warned by police the group were falling victim to islamic state recruiters .	the 18 - year - old men , from hallam and hampton park , were ' associates ' of abdul numan haider </s> .
ben is seven years old and an lamb ever born in this year .	ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born at the same farm .	he is believed to be the heaviest lamb born in suffolk .
vladimir putin gave the go - ahead for the u .	n . and israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons .	the defence ministry said it was ready to supply the s - 300 missile system in 2010 .
nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three - month - old son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds .	the clip that has now received almost 26 , 000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son 's face repeatedly until he nods off .
long - necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the earth .	but since 1903 , experts have believed the creature was originally misnamed .	instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species .
caron wyn jones , father of welsh first minister carwyn jones , underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend .	he paid because the welsh nhs could not perform operation soon enough .
dr . olaparib is the first of a new class of drugs called parp inhibitors .	it works by blocking the cancer cells ability to repair damage .	it is one of a drug to target inherited genetic mutations .
malcolm brabant two years in and out of mental institutions after ayellow fever vaccine when award - winning bbc foreign correspondent malcolm brabant walked into a clinic one afternoon to have a yellow fever vaccine .	malcolm had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck , gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world revolution in 2013 , killing three people and injuring 264 others .	the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether to be sentenced to death or life in prison .
jordan spieth beat tiger woods in the final round on sunday .	the 21 - year - old is in contention to win the tiger woods ' 1997 .	the former world number one is in prime position to support the masters .
snp leader nicola sturgeon had ' broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' in september 's vote , 55 per cent of scots backed the idea of remaining in the united kingdom .
corporation bosses fear they could be affected by ' internet ' online services .	bbc would be able to use the bbc 's online services without paying for them .	viewers are currently able to compete with organisations that were born in the air .
the queen was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma .	she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry .	today 's second riding partner , the queen 's master of the queen .
most of the former secretary of state 's grandparents were born in the u.s. in norwalk , iowa , in kentucky , in illinois .	the warehouse was born in scranton , pennsylvania , and immigrated to the u , s .
edward snowden may have been told not to speak out on russian surveillance .	mr snowden has been working on the us for a decade .	he has been branded a ' wanted man ' in the middle of russia .
hodor hodor , a character in game of thrones , earned his name because he only speaks a single word: ' tan ' .	hodor is the brawny , simple - minded stableboy of the stark family .
jeremy clarkson was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds .	he joked that he was ' trawling the job centre ' for a hosting job .	he was accused of punching producer oisin tymon .
hbo 's hit series , game of thrones , is set to return with its much - anticipated fifth series .	the tour kicks off in madrid , spain and the giant 's causeway in northern ireland .
michael slager , 33 , can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer .	scott , 50 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .	slager was released to the media on tuesday .
ellie grant , 22 , was left speechless today after a guest with tourette 's syndrome blurted out ' silver fox ' at phillip , 53 .	silver fox is the nickname of the father - of - two , who smiled , but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark .	co - presenter amanda holden quickly chipped in kindly , saying: ' it 's a good one to have' , regarding his nickname .
kylie jenner , nine years old , has been one of the biggest tween stars .	the age of nine , kylie 's exact dress is still up for grabs at nordstrom .	she has a deep interest in the kardashian - jenner clan .
the pictures were taken at the expedition base camp of cape evans on ross island .	the photographs were taken by one of the men featured in the archive gathered by the official photographer .
the boy , from memphis , has amassed thousands of followers on twitter with guns , cash , and bags of what looks like marijuana .	in one video he laughs and points the gun at the camera .
students at wellington college , in berkshire , spent the last year studying a different classic book for their imminent as - level exam .	students at the posh school were said to be upset by the blunder .
photographer denis budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes .	mr budkov , the 35 - year - old trekked in the caves , could collapse .
campo de ' fiori ' is one of the most popular tourist spots in the italian capital .	bezos is worth $34 .	5 billion in the marketplace , bezos said .	bezos has been accompanied by wife of 22 years , mackenzie .
gunman:jaylen fryberg 's son jaylen fryberg , 15 , was shot dead in january 2013 .	his son jaylen used the gun to kill four of his classmates last year .	fryberg 's lawyer said the order was a subject of a restraining order .
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re - election at an asda supermarket in his hereford constituency .	the 57 - year - old has criticised the ' absolutely ridiculous ' investigation after he was told he will face no further action .
freddie gray , 25 , suffered a fatal spinal - cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van .	baltimore police officials , meanwhile , released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25 - year - old and who've been suspended pending an investigation .
bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat .	a safari stay in russia offers tourists the chance to spot , and sleep near , one of the world 's most endangered animals .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their three sons essa , four , zakariva , two , and yahya , one , were all caught on camera on a cross - channel ferry .	they left their home in slough , berkshire , without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members .
the group , lpac , launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady 's bid to become the nation 's first female president .	she is co - hosted by pioneering tennis legend billie jean hoya .
noah and seinfeld were filmed walking around the dumbo neighbourhood of brooklyn and behind the wheel of a white ferrari .	the 31 - year - old rocketed to national fame last month after he was named as jon stewart 's replacement on the philadelphia phillies .
sean heslop , 47 , was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust .	he has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in kent .	mr heslop , a former pupil , has been boasting about a relationship with friends .
cheryl heineman , 45 , from st cloud , is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20 - year - old boyfriend .	heineman , who is married and has three sons , had a romantic relationship with lindsey and would act as a buyer in the parking lot of the tractor .
lenny mordarski , 41 , was stabbed in the arm by a woman on a flight .	he was removed from the flight from chicago to manchester , new hampshire .	he told abc7: ' imagine being asleep and then waking up and going [UNK] .
two prototypes of the cyg - 11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of haikou in hainan province in china .	the aircraft is believed to be a joint project between russia and china to build new types of super - efficient seaplane .	the aircraft is believed to be a joint project between russia and china to build new types of super - efficient seaplane .
the 68 - year - old said he would have to assess what she wants to run for president .	former us president bill clinton says he should take a more backstage role in his role .
video taken from a plane yesterday shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side .	14 - storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on the platform .
liz taylforth , 59 , and karen branigan , 26 , and former x - factor judgetulisa alexandrou , 29 , and soap star dean gaffney , 37 , and linda henry , 35 , and zoe saldana , 26 .
officials at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point , maine , have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues allyn hutton , the superintendent of the local district , said she supported the reading of the book but admitted that parents should have been first notified .
activist li tingting , 25 , has been arrested for more than a month and face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with ' picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' .	the activists were described as ' young , kind - hearted , and full of a sense of domestic violence ' and the poor provision of women 's toilets .
the mars - sized object was hit by a mars - size object called theia .	this is known as the giant impact hypothesis that the moon was similar to earth .	the moon and the moon were showered by debris .
george osborne has refused to rule out depriving more people of child benefit .	more than 1 , 000 lost to the first child , and 13 , 000 - a - year - olds lost out .	mr osborne was asked if he would be depriving more families of child poverty .
jcno jeans , popular at nineties raves , are threatening to make a ' comeback ' .	femail rounds up the worst offenders .	britney spears is one of many who wore double denim .
arrests were made in minneapolis and san diego after a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths who fled to the u.s. but there is no threat to the public safety .	a somali mother said one of the sons was arrested in the twin cities , including isis in iraq and syria .
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60 - tonne rigs .	one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road .	the truck driver said his colleagues were taking drugs on victoria 's roads .	a worrying video appeared online in february exposing a truck driver .
lizzie lizzie , a student at the columbia university , has launched akickstarter campaign to fund her profits to funding her upcoming fashion lineepidemia designs , which she came up with after the flu of 1918 virus .	the patterns will also be available for printing on epidemics .
the former bab al - aziziya palace , which boasted a zoo , fairground and pool , now lies in a derelict state during his rule , libyans would be nervous just walking anywhere near the fortress - like seat of the gaddafi regime .	he was hounded out of tripoli and killed by members of the national transitional council .
fbi director james comey forced to apologise for comments made by the head of the fbi who blamed polish people for helping the nazis kill jews during the holocaust .	james coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the washington post claiming poland shares responsibility for the holocaust with germany .
the six were arrested sunday in minneapolis and san diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on monday .	authorities say the men planned to reach syria by flying to nearby countries from minneapolis , san diego or new york city , and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped .
dashcam car drives onwards through smoke and flaming branches bouncing off the windscreen .	dashcam footage shows cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno .	wildfires in eastern siberia have been raging since march 19 .
the 20 - year - old kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , managed to hitch a ride from a woman to florida after his motorbike broke down , police said on wednesday .	the woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500 , the report by volusia county beach safety officers said .
pilot was taxiing toward the runway at the time .	the threat was caused by the co - pilot who steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated .	a total of 132 people were on the plane .
chloe ballouqui is one of three children featured in a ground - breaking tv show .	the 12 - year - old was diagnosed with cancer thats more than 1 , 500 a year and 250 of the children .
lorna mccarthy , 50 , is due to be sentenced on may 1 .	she was found guilty of murder in the death of her husband barry mccarthy .	mccarthy , 51 , had previously found out his wife in the heart of the death .
doug hughes , 61 , has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin , florida .	he is expected to issue a statement on monday after a series of interviews .	the 61 - year - old has been married for thirteen years .
lix bussey , 23 , from durham , was hit by a car and died at the end of a holiday in durham .	the family of alix bussey , 50 , said she was devoted to the children she taught and that they have been left ' devastated ' by her death .
andreas rasmussen , christian boyum johansen and johan berg are filmed by emil fogh , standing just centimetres away from the shark they've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in new zealand , to the point it has become a competitive sport .	one of the man stands at the water 's edge with a fishing line in his hands and the waves lapping at his feet when suddenly he launches forward .
alan grayson and his wife have agreed to annul their 24 - year marriage as they continued talks on a settlement .	the agreement was announced on tuesday by a judge in an orlando , florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because lolita grayson was married to another man when they wed .
coleen , 28 , and singer nadine , 29 , are hoping the shots will encourage women from across the uk , regardless of their age , shape level , to join the female - only event .
the lib dems are defending 56 seats , up to 10 per cent of seats in the east of the uk .	the winner is the first candidate to get over 50 per cent in the vote .
malaysian police said they had arrested a total of 120 people with suspected links or sympathiesto the islamic state terror group .	the bill effectively reintroduces the prospect of indefinite detention without trial in malaysia .
the prime minister used the data to warn that the recovery would be ' put at risk ' by a ' stitch - up ' between labour and the snp , after ed miliband and nicola sturgeon clashed in a tv debate .
the 28 - year - old tiger cub was the tiger cub from a small village , near the syrian city of aleppo , where he has been fighting in syria .	the tiger , 28 , said he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him .
the best option is to be with mobile operator three .	its customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries .	three 's feel at home covers 18 countries in europe , new zealand .
royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013 .	parents of newborns who share a birthday with the new prince or princess , due later this month , will have to register the birth of their child on the royal mint 's facebook page to receive the commemorative gift .
lord janner signed a letter saying he wanted to stay in the house of lords .	he will not face prosecution over child sex allegations because he has alzheimers disease .	he was suspended by labour after he was diagnosed in 2009 .
sam pearce , 24 , of milton , massachusetts , initially came to new york city to peruse a career in new york .	but just a few months after landing the job , the six - foot , green - eyed brown university graduate was ' [UNK] .
more than 6000 people attended sold - out dance party ' midnight mafia ' at the sydney showground in homebush from 10pm on saturday night until 6am the next morning .	police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue .	according to nsw police , a 22 - year - old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 mdma tablets .
android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts .	it works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus .	it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send .
experts proposed this new theory in a recently released 200 - page report on the molalla log cabin , a structure they believe could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean .	historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years .
tart cherries have been linked to high levels of antioxidants , vitamins , anti - inflammatory and antimicrobial properties .	tart cherries are also linked to a wide range of antioxidants and pumpkin seeds .
arthur and mo kreitenberg called the germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin .	it spreads its two ' wings ' over the seats on either side of itself .
the 29 - year - old from chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome ( ais ) , a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20 , 000 which preventsa womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body .	pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition .
secret drawings and letters belonged to the co - pilot of enola gay bomber which dropped the bomb and reveal captainrobert lewis 's immense guilt following the mission .	he wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts: ' my god , what have we done ? '	</s> <s> i am certain the entire crew felt this experience was more than anyone human had ever thought possible .	they are among a 300 , 000 archive compiled by captain robert lewis , co - pilot of the enola gay b29 bomber .
mailonline travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist .	once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a plane , the remaining steps are done automatically .
aaron hernandez was taken to the maximum security souza - baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts .	he was caught on camera in a cedar junction in massachusetts on thursday .	he is now equipped with green prison and his tattoos are being transferred to his home .
former marine jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox , who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend , in new richmond on thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot .	the officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try ' suicide by cop' .
sharon winters , a 39 - year - old , stabbed her in liver , spleen , lungs and heart with a four - and - a - half inch knife .	sharon winters has been jailed for 17 and a half years for killing sharon in a frenzied attack .
the 21 - year - old will be joining the brand 's curvy line - up and starring in their spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the mediterranean .	the trainee police officer has scored a modelling contract with plus - - - all - two .
nearly two - thirds of gps do not think their practice should open on weekends .	gps are struggling to provide out - of - hours appointments to patients .	93 per cent of gps are in revolt with other surgeries to open .
samsung is counting on its new flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones to help revive earnings momentum .	strong sales of system built in a blow to u.s. chip supplier qualcomm .	samsung is not only using its own exynos chips .
the building was built in the 1960s and requires more than 1 , 000 wheels to prevent it from being placed on metal plates .	the two - storey brick building is 1 , 700 square metres in size and has been placed on giant metal ' wheels ' on the building .
nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon , and demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service , police said .	dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident , according to the new york daily news .	the 34 - year - old manager made attempts to calm dematteis down , who waited an hour and a half for his omelette .
fast car sequel , starring vin diesel , has raced to number seven on the list of highest grossing movies in just three weeks and is predicted to overtake the likes of frozen and iron man 3 and frozen to join the top five all - time worldwide charts .	the film has set a new standard for the potential for box - office in the pre - summer month of april and has truly become part of movie folklore with its record setting numbers .
ukip leader nigel farage said it was a ' reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking .	there were nearly 60 , 000 assaults on nhs staff .
scientists from the university of maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of lactobacillus e .	coli , according to research by a university of the researchers by the researchers .
ms zhu has raised her five flowers since it was a piglet and the porker .	her husband is understood to be ' tolerant ' of the relationship .	her pictures have been widely circulating online .
retailers are unveiling quirky products designed to make your life easier this season .	from unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies , femail has rounded up the eight products .	the mother - of - two and actress is selling a sun proof t - shirt in her goop shop .
star of 1962 classic film lawrence of arabia can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long - term illness that would eventually prove fatal .	fall of an empire: the story of katherine of alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades and features steven berkoff , edward fox , joss ackland and nicole keniheart alongside otoole .
the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw , some savvy social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures .	one man even decided to try his hand a boogie boarding through the floodwaters at what looks to be a local park due to the fact all the beaches were closed .
france is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps , bags of gummy bears and cereal bars at a cinema in paris .	products are being sold at participating carrefour city shops , in vending machines .
high - pitched piano in billie holiday 's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding .	meanwhile , the high - pitched piano in billie holiday 's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding .
65 - year - old hoarder and her mother 's corpse for at least five years .	police as the ' worst we have ever seen' , the san francisco property was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4 .	but apparently , it 's still a hot ticket .	but apparently , it 's still a hot ticket .
manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in the itv police drama .	although there have been asian actors in cameo parts , this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor .	mr true - may was suspended as a result of his comments and he later quit .
joseph o'riordan , 73 , was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex .	she grew suspicious his wife amanda , 47 , with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times .	she was having an affair with the postman , a court heard .
sabrina rubin erdely has been silent since december , when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the piece about a university of virginia student named jackie .	in the story , titled ' a rape on campus' , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago .
colby ramos - francis , 17 months old , was born with a small , heart - shaped growth over his eyelid .	but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand .	his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth .
noor ellis , a 23 - year - old businessman robert ellis , was found wrapped in plastic , dumped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village in january .	mrs ellis faced court on wednesday charged with the murder of her husband of 20 years .
jenny - lee , 28 , was diagnosed with leukaemia in utero three days after she refused to receive a blood transfusion .	her mother heather has said her daughter believed the risks of her unborn child were ' distressed ' .	jenny - gerber , a pregnant jehovah 's witness woman and her baby have died .
luke munro , thompson , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , burst into the raid .	the pair were left in fear of their lives during a corner - shop raid .	they were pulled out of a ' terrifying ordeal ' in the family 's face , police say .
us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter .	it could also lead to new varieties of climate change - resistant cocoa plants , which could reach a million tonnes of year .
42 - year - old man paralyzed in a utah neighborhood watch shooting and found guilty of repeatedly having sex with a 17 - year - old girl paralyzed in a utah neighborhood watch shooting and found guilty of repeatedly having sex with a 17 - year - old girl to his shooting .	two years after he had sex with the 17 - year - old , serbeck was shot and paralyzed in july 2009 by reginald campos .	campos ' daughter and the 17 - year - old victim were not the same girl .
kenneth stancil , 20 , was shot in the library of wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , on monday morning .	he was shot dead in the campus library of a north carolina college in north carolina .	it is not known whether he was connected to his arrest , authorities say .
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later , said katie ingram of orange county animal care .	animal control officers started getting calls on april 5 about the bird and found it after a call from hole 5 at the anaheim hills golf course .
the pound of meth has a street value of around $30 , 000 .	police found two condoms and meth stuffed inside the rabbit .	police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home .
andrew anderson , of manchester magistrates ' court , was told to have forced a social worker to the floor , injuring her wrist .	mrs mcgoldrick , 53 , was taken to hospital where she was holding a tv near the bottom of a pallet in manchester , only for her to grab the same one at the same time - and she was hurt .
don mclean , a misty - and - a - half minutes of rock , buddy presley , was sold at auction in new york for more than $1 million .	it 's also a easy part of the surface - of - the - the - year - long history , but it 's a paean to education .
24 per cent of 13 to 17 - year - olds went online every day as they were at school .	the study found that middle class teenagers were more likely to use snapchat .	some 12 per cent admitted to using a gadget once a week .
tola ore , 32 , fitted a high - tech device to take control of the bank in london .	the 32 - year - old was the only person to have left the branch prior to the scam .
home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe .	they will be deported if they do not get a job within six months .
joanna biggs , a 56 - year - old poet philip biggs , 56 , divides her workers in interesting categories .	joanna biggs clearly does not think very much of ' workfare': in society .
chester , a six - year - old pit bull , was found as a stray and had been living in shelters for the past five years .	the picture was shared more than 6 , 000 times .
momentatlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops in a late - night incident .	footage taken outside a nightclub in chelsea , new york , appears to show sefolosha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers .	it happened on the same night that pacers star chris copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 oak club .
faa granted amazon 's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter .	amazon must keep more than six months for the agency 's permission .	amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of amazon .
asian hornets have killed at least six people in france .	threats posed by asian hornets are to be discussed at a summit meeting .	experts fear millions of them could be heading for britain .
the arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drone drones .	the drone was able to knock it out of the sky on the morning of friday , april 10 , 2015 .
the ink illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a book .	but in fact , the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson .
gang of criminals broke into the hatton garden safe deposit ltd over the easter bank holiday weekend .	the massive fire started last wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out .	john o'connor , a highly experienced former police detective , has claimed the major power outage and the proximity of the multi - million burglary .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .	the video has been viewed more than a quarter of an hour on saturday morning .
more than 20 , 000 children passed ten or more with either an a or an a* grade , department for education statistics reveal .	critics say increasing numbers of high - fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy .
35 - year - old mike cannon - brookes , 35 , is known as the accidental billionaire who co - founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22 .	it is worth a reported $3 .	5 billion .
dustin wayne south died in louisville , kentucky , in a field behind lassiter middle school , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city .	the shootout occurred after a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun in the air .	two bullets fired by police struck south , but neither was lethal , said jo - ann farmer , chief deputy coroner .
fred hatch , 73 , was sentenced to a mental health act and told he may never be released .	mrs hatch , 76 , had smashed the skull of 76 - year - old .
the 15 - year - old girl , named locally as leah price from the nottingham area , was airlifted to hospital last night from the blue dolphin camping site near filey , north yorkshire .	it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs .	a retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside .
madonna pulled the 28 - year - old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips .	mother - of - four said it was ' merely a lipstick that turned him off , therefore the foul look on his face' .
the footage shows the moment an ' apocalyptic ' weather storm struck belarus .	the storm had blocked out the sun , creating chaos on the city streets .	it was caused by a cold front moving in from the ukrainian - belorusian border .
jane travelled from san francisco to los angeles on the island of san francisco in california this year .	she took molly , dylan and her three weeks to do it , and it 's not to be missed .
james koryor , 41 , has been arrested in connection to the death of his two - year - old son .	police say he was left locked in a car outside their phoenix home on monday for up to 2 .	5 hours .	the boy 's mother then found him in the car and went to sleep .
sara martin , from pennsylvania , is being driven to florida today after she uttered the word ' florida ' following weeks of not speaking .	mrs martin , 37 , is lifted into the rv that her family is driving to the south - west coastal city .
scientists at the jyvskyl university in the u.s. claims to have settled the debate .	they say that eye - spots on the wings of pygmy butterflies were an example of mimicry .
former olympian and reality tv star , 65 , will speak in a ' far - ranging ' interview with sawyer for a special edition of ' 20/20 ' on friday .	the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father - of - six 's transition to a woman , and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february .
claudia martins , 33 , was suffering from a condition known as a ' pathological denial of pregnancy ' .	the 33 - year - old has been convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility .
felix was found at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks .	felix the cat was pronounced dead at the april 1 flight from abu dhabi to new york .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary clitheroe , 45 , from dubai , were arrested in dubai and abu dhabi .	they were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained .	families of the three men confirmed they had been told they were kept in jail .
the cheltenhamoffice in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room .	staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice .
the video features a collection of photos of pink on the woman 's lips .	it 's a jazz - heavy soundtrack with a slick of pink visible on the couch 's emotionallevel .	the move is said to signal it 's intention to ' inspire love ' .
michael rogan , 42 , a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on friday after the accident near the town of cleveland , wisconsin .	his wife , niki , and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old , who were also in the car , suffered minor injuries .	friends set up a gofundme account to help +the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses .
he is expected to make his first appearance this summer .	the 78 - year - old announced he would be retiring last week .	he said he 's ' honored and excited ' by the new job and his second run at the college .
researchers have isolated bacterial dna of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of vc in hungary .	they found 14 different strains of tb bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source .
' my name is chris ' campaign and website was designed to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it can't be distributed on the current pharmaceutical benefits scheme ( pbs ) .	the 35 - year - old was created to raise money for the treatment of hodgkin 's disease .
a man was found dead with a pool of blood surrounding his salt - and - pepper hair .	a car fire was reported at the same time near the buffet in the las vegas casino .	police are investigating if the two incidents are related .
nicola sturgeon said she would try to ' lock cameron out of the country ' .	she said the prospect of the snp propping up the election was an ' alliance ' in the house .
aaron taylor - johnson met wife sam at the premiere of avengers: age of ultron on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 .	she wore a pink , feminine , floral dress available at babington house .
beverley davis , 89 , jailed for a year after conning a d - day veteran out of 10 , 000 .	mother - of - three used ray warren 's card to buy chinese takeaways , pay for creche fees .	davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89 - year - old pensioner .
snp leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru .	ms sturgeon said she would be able to build alliances with parties like plaid cymru and the tories .	the snp leader could not hope to move into number .
the 18 - year - old mother - of - one had two heart attacks before she was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march .	police have arrested one girl for supplying drugs .
new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle - home complete with two turrets in the rear , each of the elements fold away into a majestic and cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko .	the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko .
david starkey said he did not think any politician was equipped to be prime minister .	the 70 - year - old said he was ' born quite seriously [UNK] ' and ' [UNK] ' .	starkey says he does not want to be a prime minister and the ' real .
the seven - car maglev - short for ' magnetic levitation ' - hit a top speed of 375mph ( 603 km/h ) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph ( 600km/h ) .	the run beat last week 's speeds of 366mph ( 590kph ) , which in turn beat the train 's previous 12 - year record of 361mph ( 581km/h ) .
mod to be created to investigate the way bullying and abuse cases are dealt with in the armed forces .	another soldier has received 709 , 000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of soldiers .
vera wang is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street .	vera wang and vera wang are on the hunt for their perfect dress .	the vera wang outfit is available at david de line .
spotify is in talks with florence and the machine to give artists to sign exclusive deals .	madonna , rihanna and beyonce are among the most popular music service .	apple offers unlimited listening to their music .
georgina gosden , 25 , allegedly punched a 21 - year - old woman in the same nightclub last april .	she was already at the mad cow tavern in north queensland .	police are pursuing the charges against ms gosden despite her most recent victim .
northern california boy fell asleep in the backseat of the car and was kidnapped when the vehicle was stolen from in front of his home .	police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 toyota corolla after the boy 's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home .
wendy stokes , 74 , is delighted to have 109 - year - old toby back after his escape 11 months ago .	he was re - homed with a couple living in margate , kent , 22 miles away from wendy 's farm in west hougham .
adam leheup , 34 , was cleared of rape and sexual assault at blackfriars crown court .	he was chatted on the 25 - year - old , who cannot be named for legal reasons .	the pair were cleared of the charges following the charges .
first 25 per cent of lamborghini aventador would have to pay 126 , 000 tax bill if they are forced to buy a fixed monthly income .	experts warn that some people should be able to buy an annuity .
nataliya roux , 41 , has been meeting up with cheryl roux in 2001 .	he has been wining and tries to work at tennis star cheryl roux .	mr roux has been invited to be helping his son michel roux 's wife .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust ( uclh ) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .	it even allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample .
health secretary jeremy hunt promised a crackdown on nhs money .	he said the pay rises should be clawed back , health experts and medical professionals .	labour health spokesman andy burnham said the situation was ludicrous .
president barack obama sits with national security adviser susan rice , left , and energy secretary dr .	ernest moniz at the start the summit with caribbean community last thursday in kingston , jamaica .	the trio , along with secretary of state john kerry and senior members of the intelligence community are this week lobbying members of congress and jewish community leaders to support the nuclear pact .
luca railton , 11 , was born with bones missing from his legs .	he was told he would not keep his right leg amputated or fused straight .	but his loved ones refused to accept his grim prospects , but his family refused to give up .	but he had to have his leg amputated and start again .
42 - year - old amanda lamb stars in a new air wick range of home fragrance .	amanda , 42 , is at hand to offer tips on how to perk up a house this .
steven nelms writes in the essay 's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay - at home . '	i don't at all mean to offend anyone with this post , ' he writes .	but nelms said working has always been a part of gloriana 's life , who had been employed since she was 14 and was contributing to her family 's income .
anand iyer ditched his job to spent time at home speaking to yahoo .	he is now a house - husband - and now he couldn't be happier .	the 36 - year - old quit his job as a recruitment manager .
nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials .	the 44 - year - old is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist .
the great dying , which struck the earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 per cent of the world 's creatures .	they claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans .
patrick bamford scored middlesbrough 's second goal in the premier league .	the 21 - year - old has scored more league goals in one season .	boro boss aitor karanka 's side face middlesbrough on tuesday .
wendell steiner , his wife , and their four children were stopped by police in akron , nova , ohio .	they were transporting the dogs to the roof of a van moving on the freeway .	the puppies strapped in a cage to the car to the police .
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster 's methodist central hall as he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants .	pollster icm , which was hired by the bbc to select the audience members , today defended its process ' usingrandom location selection techniques' .
both armored vehicles have raised roofs , deep - tinted windows and new york license plates .	the second has blue and white plates of a different design .	but the first picture of both of hillary clinton 's scooby mobiles .
ranulph fiennes has become the oldest briton to complete the marathon des sables in the desert the veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 , said the event is ' not set for old geriatrics like me' ' .	sir ranulph received medical treatment at the end of the fourth stage of the race yesterday because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart .
britain 's biggest fashion retailer has a line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels .	the next version could be just the ticket , but the next tan washed saddle .
18 - year - old ryan heritage posted a obnoxious message on trowbridge police 's page , saying: ' oi yo check if there 's a warrant for my arrest , if so good luck!!! '	he went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him .	the trowbridge neighbourhood policing team then re - posted his original message and added their own: ' his luck ran out #arrested .
paula dunican spent 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .	but when the 49 - year - old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' from the its lining .
liz wahlberg , jp and paul lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball - bearings unleashing by the tsarnaevs ' primitive explosives in the 2013 boston marahton .
julie mckenzie thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine .	but julie , 53 , felt there was more to it - she'd always been strong and active until the pain began in the spring of 2013 .
andrew dotchin , 58 , was celebrating the end of a wine bar in ipswich .	he said he was wearing the wine bar when he was ' wearing sandals ' .	the 58 - year - old said: ' i am a vicar ' and said it 's a glass of sandals .
air canada flight from germany to toronto forced to divert to shannon airport .	the woman , who was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777 - 300 jet , was met by irish police and taken into custody .
university of south carolina student taylor swift built a career on impersonating the star .	taylor swift and elizabeth was able to start making money as a tribute artist .	the student 's second album , fearless , came out when she was 15 , and elizabeth scarborough .
the 121 - foot brig of the james mcbride ran aground during a storm on october 19 , 1857 .	the pictures were snapped during a routine helicopter patrol by the u.s. coast guard .
heather mack , 19 , has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over a ' significant percentage ' of her $1 .	3million trust fund to care for her newborn daughter .	cbs reports the petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to stella , who was born in kerobakan prison and who has urgent needs , including clothing and baby wipes .
visitors to a wildlife park in new zealand got to encounter a pride of lions up - close and personal .	the video shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through the cage .
jacob king , from melbourne , told daily mail australia he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at federation square .	anti - racism protester said he lived in a multicultural part of the victorian capital where he was exposed to racial tensions .
charles barnhoorn , 20 , was found dead in his bedroom at the home of his home in devon .	he was found in his room at the family home in a ' hippy crack ' after the death of his mother and his mother susan .	raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide .
missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after missy was spotted by a coned worker , police called schultz and reported the sighting .	missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2 .	5 miles from her schultz and his grandson tyler rowan before they were able to catch up with her .
the total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a change in course .	among the new labour supporter simon woodroffe , founder of yo!	sushi and a former labour supporter .
alyssa marie chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ' compromising sexual positions ' .	she told the rival and take her son ronnie and come with her , according to the seattle post - intelligencer .
cute moment was captured by 19 - year - old student ranajit roy in his hometown of bengaluru .	the indian palm squirrel was found naturally in india and sri lanka he said: ' i was definitely in the right place at the right time , ' he said .
domanik green , 14 , has been accused of accessing the staff member 's laptop at paul r .	smith middle school in holiday , florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password to alter the image to two men kissing .	the pasco county sheriff 's office have claimed he illicitly made his way into the encrypted system .
nicole mcdonough , 32 , of mount olive , was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18 - year - old student whileemployed as a teacher at mendham high school .	a subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged inimproper ' communication ' and ' fraternization ' with two other 18 - year - old male students .	the program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met .
sgt . george hildebidle , who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children , barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home following a 911 call at 7am .	officials said the officer 's wife made the call , which was listed as a domestic dispute .
a seven - year - old british boy has been skiing with his mother ceri , elder brother gerwyn , 19 , and sister antonia when the accident took place .	he fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents .
robin williams , 63 , spent his last days in a paranoid frenzy , aware that ' something else was wrong with him' , a british television show will claim tonight .	in a ' peculiar ' incident just one day before his death , the oscar - winning actor , who had been diagnosed with parkinson's , stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping .
peter sutcliffe , a mass murderer , has spent three decades in jail .	he is being lined up for the move after he was one of the world 's most notorious serial killers .
deborah steel , a 73 - year - old man , is on bail until 29 april and two others .	police believe she was killed and is not connected with the investigation .	the search has the full consent of the present landlord who has not been found .
kanye west has revealed that he is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as well as members of the secret group the illuminati .	kanye , 37 , said his ' world dream ' is ' [UNK] .
sukumaran 's 34th birthday could well be his last as the pair contemplate the prospect of facing a firing squadon execution island in java .	the pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates .
the 29 - year - old 's brand elliott label is suddenly the hit of hollywood , and is adorning the backs of stars includingkourtney kardashian , drew barrymore , cameron diaz and pop group grl .	the two met in what is fast becoming the 21st century norm - through instagram .
the 58 - year - old worked for the countess , 87 , and helped herself to the riches .	roberts , 58 , admitted stealing art and antiques belonging to the countess of bathurst .
the reality star was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his ' best ' friend ' and mother kym norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant .	the dental receptionist was diagnosed with leukaemia in the wake of kym norris , who was willing to help his mother in her recovery .
john allan claimed david cameron 's decision to promise an ' in - out referendum ' .	john allan said he will only lead a government to ' stay in the eu ' .	comes after reform of britain 's membership by 2017 .
chief secretary to the treasury has been caught on camera knocking back drinks with a high - class call girl .	the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on the nip festival .
josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson were crushed when the 50 - foot - long concrete slab slammed down on top of them , according to bonney lake police .	the barrier weighed ' tons ' according to investigators and the damage to the family 's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies .
a man hit in the head by a train at stockwell station this morning .	the train was rushed to hospital after he sustained life - threatening head injuries .	the accident was struck by a northern line train in london .
honza and claudine lafond , from sydney , have taken them all over the world .	the couple run a worldwide studio calledyogabeyond , do handstands and downward dogs against draw - dropping backgrounds .
duke of york has made his first public appearance since lurid sex claims made about him were struck off the public record by a florida judge .	a visibly relieved andrew was visiting the offices of akzonobel , a paint firm based in slough , and smiled broadly as he chatted to employees .	the 55 - year - old , who was at the factory as part of his work with the outward bound trust , has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with virginia roberts .
the clinton foundation will continue to look abroad for millions of dollars .	the foundation 's reliance on funding from several middle east governments that suppress dissent and women 's rights concerns that the state department focused on during her stint as secretary of state sparked criticism .
rhiannon langley , 24 , has been updating her post - op ' chilling out ' by the pool .	she has been enjoying her surgery and has been sick of her nose job .	rhiannon has been posting her progress on social media .	she said she was ' sick of my [UNK] .
alexsandro palombo says the response has been ' immediate and powerful ' .	artist alexsandro palombo has asked women to share their thoughts on gender violence .	the response is ' immediate , powerful' .
the loganair flight was struck by lightning and plunged into the icy water .	the flight was just seconds before it was about to smash into the sea .	the airliner took place in the north sea before it crashed .
38 - year - old lianna barrientos wed was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the united states in 2006 after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force , it has been revealed .	barrientos , originally from the dominican republican , lived with her partner and two children in the bronx until her arrest in february .
carol lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window in durban , a key port on south africa 's indian ocean coast , spreading to johannesburg .	in the latest show of violence around 200 protesters , shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country , pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks .	in the latest show of violence around 200 protesters , shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country , pelted passing vehicles .
bethany farrell , 23 , from essex , died on february 17 while in queensland 's whitsundays , a week into her dream gap - year when she went scuba diving for the first time .	two people who were on the boat when ms farrell died - emerged , slamming the tour guides ' handling of the situation and claiming photographs were deliberately deleted .
four - month - old evan summerfield , four months , died from meningitis .	he was rushed to derriford hospital in plymouth , despite doctors and nurses battling to save him .	parents shannon summerfield , 17 , and kris adams have been unable to comprehend how he could fall ill .
julia ware , 16 , was 15 at the time of the accident , appeared at wayne county court in honesdale , pennslyvania , on wednesday .	the families of shamus digney , cullen keffer and ryan lesher - who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors .	her father , michael ware , is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter .
poppy moore married sam myers , 18 months old when she died in 2011 .	her father dean , who died in 2013 aged 43 , died in february 2013 .	her mother sara and her husband sam died in 1993 .
nearly one out of six nfl players will declare bankruptcy in 12 years of retiring from the league .	he filed for bankruptcy in 2012 - despite earning $3 , 000 a week at the cheesecake factory .
the man is believed to have scaled a 10 - foot grandstand session at the chinese grand prix .	the incident happened during the second practice sessions at the shanghai grand prix in shanghai .	the man was fastest in both practice sessions for the weekend 's 2003 practice .
ukip supporters are the most likely to try out their dance moves on holiday .	green party supporters are also likely to opt for a window seat on the plane .	they are the least likely to rent a car on holiday rather than sit back .
hillary clinton 's astroturf candidacy is in full swing in iowa .	her tuesday morning visit to a coffee shop in leclaire , iowa was staged from beginning to end , according to austin bird , one of the men pictured sitting at the table with mrs .	clinton . price then drove them to the coffee house to meet clinton after vetting them for about a half - hour .
esther mcvey said she would not be cowered by misogynistic and sexist attacks .	former labour deputy prime minister claimed she was ' going to hell ' .	labour mp john mcdonnell called on ed miliband to condemn the attacks .
the 29 - year - old has been announced as the face of towie 's swimwear and beachwear campaign , hotel summers .	towie star is the first celebrity to front an ann summers campaign .
john visited the grand mosque in abu dhabi for the last four years .	it is the biggest in the world in the united arab emirates , which is the largest in the middle east .	the four 350 - ft tall minarets , which can be in the abu dhabi skyline .
adele sarno , 85 , has lived there for more than 50 years .	her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian - americans and is situated below her home .	the fight over her two - bedroom apartment began five years ago .
representative jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet .	a proposal put forth by young which would use money from the state 's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge passed in the washington house on thursday .
the trial marks the second go - round for the jacksons , whose previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently referred to the fact that one of the children had died .	cruel: army major john jackson and his wife carolyn ( right ) are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children .
ikea has been forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds and sofas .	nappers had taken over more than half of beds and beds .
jimmy savile was known to frequent a paedophile brothel in battersea , south west london which was used by paedophiles .	the document related to a notorious flat in battersea , south west london which was used by paedophiles .	savile was known to be a regular visitor in the 1970s .
sandra garratt , 56 , went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc .	doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the ' final straw' .
valyrian steel is a form of metal forged when the valyrian freehold governed essos and covered more than half the known world .	it was said to have been lost with the doom of valyria .
joyce tabram , 82 , was treated at fiona stanley hospital in perth .	the 82 - year - old lost five kilograms in five days while she was in the hospital .	she was told to fast until april 3 after she was fed up with no action .
lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram on instagram .	the couple have now been dating two years and could be the uk 's fittest couple .	the pair have large followings on the site with lydia and ali .
the ncaa championship was the first ncaa hockey title and third straight year .	it was the school 's first ncaa championship and paved the way for the friars to win their first title .
the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month .	she looked up her mother 's name , francine simmons , on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call - center operation company she works at .	la - sonya mitchell - clark , 38 , of youngstown , finally got the answers she 's wanted almost her whole life .
jean sharon abbott , 38 , from plymouth , minnesota , told she had spastic diplegia , a form of cerebral palsy , when she was just four - years - old .	but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms , weakness , near immobility , as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures , she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa - responsive dystonia ( drd ) , a rare , yet treatable , muscle disorder .
jo stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering ' intense stress ' .	mr stephenson , deputy leader of cumbria county council , fell from the three - storey property in windermere after being vilified over new parking charges .
the 48 - year - old man , 48 , was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10 .	he had all been directed to the same woman over the last 18 years .	each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the man , a police spokesman said .
nicholas slatten sentenced to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others .	dustin heard , paul slough and evan liberty and dustin heard - were found guilty of first - degree murder in october .
oriordan oriordan , 74 , was having an affair with his wife and his wife .	he was accused of trying to kill his wife of ten years after being knifed in the torso and hair .
researchers at the university of london and university college london have found evidence that the human bones were found in gough 's cave in italy .	they found the flesh removed in the cave in the face of the cave .
author of double falsehood was presented by theatre impresario lewis theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a shakespeare play .	his claims were greeted with widespread scepticism in the eighteenth century .
the trio wore a large ship with blue sails on her head , while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of mayor bill de blasio .	jews , hindus , agnostics and atheists joined the masses for a walk on the mild , sunny day .
the 5 - year - old child was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head - on with a car carrying two children in february 2014 .
prime minister has accused the snp and labour of posing a ' clear danger ' to britain .	he said the two parties were pretending to ' slug it out ' ahead of next month 's poll .	mr cameron said ed miliband could be ' prime minister ' with the snp .
findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems .	the research , by canadian and australian scientists , found that people in the us had far smaller collection of bacteria - called the microbiome - than people from papua new guinea .
the report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola .	many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage ( ccs ) .
josh passed out at a friend 's house in a new year 's eve party .	josh darnbrough , a father of three , said he was ' bonkers ' by his partner .	he said his partner went ' absolutely bonkers ' when he saw it on his back .	he said: ' i was stuck with a [UNK] , he said .
alexander soumbadze faces eight possession of child pornography counts .	soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography .	officials say the videos were taken before october 2011 and that they are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges .
note was left on the windscreen of a car by a fed - up resident .	the letter was split on the letter saying it was ' horrified ' by the letter .	the note was created in a facebook post .
david ndey , 58 , was diagnosed with malaria in the uk in gambia .	he fell in love with another gambian woman and left him out of his job .	he was pregnant with another man who had lost her job as a friend .
the second firm data bubble supplied our team with health details on 3 , 000 patients such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems .	the direct marketing commission said it would probe both companies over claims that they had breached the rules on the sale of private data .
dr . anthony j .	moschetto is accused of hiring someone to kill his rival a long island cardiologist had the office of another doctor torched , then hired someone who turned out to be an undercover police officer in a failed attempt to have the doctor hurt or killed , authorities said .	moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man 's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal .
there was a railway line that passed not far from osborne house but the nearest station was at wootton , more than two miles from the property .	the building is now a five - bedroom family home , currently on the market for 625 , 000 , while the track has become a cycle path .
larry kramer , 79 , says what 's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles .	in volume one of his two part book ' the american people , ' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln 's spurned gay lover .
elspeth mckendrick , 16 , was diagnosed with asperger 's syndrome .	she was depressed after being diagnosed with a mild form of autism .	her parents said she was ' very much in denial ' about her condition .
ben sunderman , 19 , has down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with embassy suites .	he thoroughly looks over the letter on april 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision - which he does not reveal until the end shouting ' i get it .
kenneth crowder , 41 , was arrested on charges of battery on a law - enforcement officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon on a tree .	he was arrested in melbourne , brevard county , florida , on friday .
laura wells says there was ' no food being eaten , and prescription dietary pills ' .	wells says she was ' so happy with myself , ' says laura wells .	she said there was a ' no glass of wine ' during her stint in new york .
the tech giant has also released a google doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow pegman to a nessie peg - monster .	the site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the ' surgeon 's photograph ' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934 - and it lets people virtually explore above and beneath the water of the attraction to the southwest of inverness to collect the images .
maureen anne horstman , 67 , and her 26 - year - old daughter tamara alexandra horstman in broad daylight at their warwick home , in perth , wa .	cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead .	a used condom with dna evidence was found after the incident , the west australian supreme court heard .
first meeting of the season between the boston red sox and new york yankees lasted seven hours - becoming the longest game in team history for both .	boston took a 6 - 5 lead in the 19th inning on saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by mookie betts .	xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings .
the sum is almost five times the prime ministers 142 , 000 a year .	more than 1 , 600 pocketed 100 , 000 - 200 , 000 and a total of 177 , 000 .	it comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books .
police across malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos , while tanzania 's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts .	in nearby burundi , albino youngsters from across east africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers .	burundi has also taken steps to safeguard albinos by accommodating them in housing under protection .
irina scott , 29 , split from her partner of five years ago in january .	the pair are filmed in a cosy embrace on linda farrow round - a - porter .	linda farrow 's gold campaign is seen as a [UNK] .
the game is based on children 's favourite whack - a - mole .	it was marketed by smarttouch media and sold on the amazon and android platforms until it was withdrawn following a string of social media .
aer lingus took to twitter to twitter to engage in fine form .	aer lingus responded with affront of its operation at dublin airport .	ryanair and aer lingus were traded on some of the planes .
the son of the sultan of brunei is one of the world 's richest men .	the couple have appeared together since the monarch 's 1 , 788 - room ceremony in brunei 's capital .
brett matthew paul thomas , now 56 , and his friend , mark titch , were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in orange county .	thomas , who was 17 , were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole .	titch died behind bars last year .
callum ryan , 21 , is preparing to run a marathon in each of australias eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late , treasured childhood friend .	callum 's junior died from a congenital heart disease in 2013 when he was five years old .
malaysian airlines flight mh370 disappeared last year with 239 people on board .	the plane is believed to have crashed more than 5 , 000 kilometres away from the official search led by australian authorities .
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in battle , sussex .	the 92 - year - old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity age uk to clear it out .	her beloved dog mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re - homed .
the six - time olympic champion is the first american president to visit the u.s. president ronald reagan in 1982 .	he brought the audience to laughter when he gave a special mention to bolt and triple - world champion shelly - ann fraser - pryce .
omar hussain , 27 , from syria , has been keen to dish out advice on social media .	the 27 - year - old spends most of his time writing and taking photographs .
britain could be created outside london and the south east to prevent a reckless economy booming in the capital .	he said that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country .
ukip convert mark reckless in rochester and strood on may 7 .	disclosure comes after ukip was thrown into turmoil by last week leak .	ukip source said it is not looking easy for mark .
a new jersey school town hall meeting will be kicking off what his answer .	the town hall will be ' always going to be differences of opinion in style , ' he said .
the five - year - old chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a ' hunting competition ' in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter .
dame helen mirren said she was in her ' unfortunate ' 1970s , which is a ' horrible ' time for women .	the actress , 69 - year - old actress , believes she was a ' big [UNK] .
google co - founder eric schmidt has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating google images .	it even caught the attention of google executive , eric schmidt , who recently revealed that it was the most popular search .
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married .	brian said she had no idea she was dead or that he'd been married to begin with .
the man , believed to be mentally ill , was caught on video at the scene .	police say he was carrying a black briefcase to the ground when he was hit .	the man was transferred to a nearby hospital anyway .
created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux - de - revolver .	the gun currently holds the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver .	mr erard is selling them for just 4 , 500 a piece of 300 , 000 to the gun .
sarah stage , a 30 - year - old model and animal rights activist from los angeles , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday afternoon .	the mother - to - be came under fire .
the woman , who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend , grabbed her arm just in time but before the ladder could be used to pull her back on to the ledge .
sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city in china .	the nation 's top meteorologist has warned through media that ongoing climate change will have a ' huge impact ' on the china .
scott scott scott was shot dead in his home in north charleston , south carolina , in south carolina .	he was in jail after being pulled over for having a broken tail light .
scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disc of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming .	the discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms .
the naked bodies of a young couple were found stuffed in boxes in a public park .	they are believed to be in their mid - 20s , but his partner was found wearing wedding bangles traditionally .
discovery of cremated bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5 , 600 bc .	the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5 , 600 bc .
the automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 each week .	the robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the depths of the town of st .	in north east switzerland .	it uses numerous layers of security and encryption and the activity of the user .
new study shows you are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer 's than those of a healthy weight .	obese people appear to be protected against dementia , with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight .
defence minister kevin andrews was unable to name the leader of islamic state on abc 's 7 .	30 . the prime minister announced they would be sending more than 300 australian troops to iraq .	mr andrews said he was ' unable to accompany the expression ' .
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three - year - old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger .	the bullet struck the baby boy in the face .	minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital .	it is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy .
peter fox , a 26 - year - old man , was arrested on suspicion of the murders of bernadette and sarah fox .	the family of bernadette , sarah 's family , said they are ' absolutely devastated ' at their loss .	sarah fox , 26 , has been charged with the murder of peter fox .
doug hughes made his initial appearance in u.s. district court in washington on thursday .	that 's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the capitol 's west lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the national mall .
the sandstorm was reduced to saudi arabia and the u.s. and the united states , the united arab emirates and pakistan over a period of seven days .	more than saudi arabia , oman and the uae and oman are the united .
david cameron and wife samantha have made a colourful visit to a sikh temple as part of a general election tour .	the visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks until the election they briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the sikh holy book to the temple .
researchers at bournemouth university and new york have also found the collection of 99 prints .	the prints were made by a male homo erectus who may have been made by adult homo erectus .
hbo has warned internet users , who are watching shows such as games of thrones , the sopranos and girls , via email that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on april 21 .	hbo has pledged to crackdown on australians around $45 a month to access the network of thrones .
the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4 - year - old son isn't necessary , that the boy doesn't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated .	her arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward .
the father - of - three had served in the first gulf war , bosnia , bosnia , angola and northern ireland .	he was found dead in his flat in bolton , greater manchester , a coroner was told .	his family said he had tried to take his own life in his home .
astronomers say ' rogue' , sun - less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra - terrestrials this is according to sean raymond , an astrophysicist with the laboratoire d'astrophysique de bordeaux in france , who has taken a look at how life can form on rogue planets .
the mountain lion , known as p - 22 , left the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday .	his departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife .	the house was best known for being pictured in front of the hollywood sign .
the 33 - year - old is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics .	she has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape .
miami herald columnist lesley abravanel told mailonline that he had been ' devastated ' by unflattering comparisons to dr franff on the netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .	abravanel said he had hanged himself at his miami mansion in miami by his housekeeper .
isis fighter jannahtain tweeted this picture of a burger king whopper .	the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed , with twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden .	it 's not the first time isis fighters have been caught with fast food sneaked across the border .
at least 750 , 000 people have been injured in the last 10 years .	at least 12 people were killed and 70 injured in 2012 .	the cost of the yearly cost of gun violence is increasing .
peggy siegal said the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light .	she said that the plantation owners are as ' terrible as the nazis ' .	the film is the first time the information has been made .
kingsley burrell , 29 , was taken into custody after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun .	he was handcuffed for a number of hours after being denied access to a toilet , and was repeatedly punched by police , it was claimed .
team led by imperial college london has already applied to patent the therapy , which they say could be ready for human trials within three years .	the protein promotes the production of t - cells , which have the ability to fight the disease .
number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a .	m . 5m from the year .	the number of fake tanning products were the hardest hit sub - sector .
beatrice tollman made her most recent donation of 20 , 000 to the conservatives earlier this month to boost the party 's general election campaign coffers .	but last week she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before .
white van drove through a red light at 2:30 p .	m . on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle .	she has asked for her surname not to be used , he said .	police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank , 28 .
50 per cent of britons , 56 per cent credit her with charles ' own increasing popularity .	she has also become a much - loved member of the prince and princess of wales ' marriage .
dave brockie , 50 , was found dead in a chair at his richmond , virginia , virginia , home march 23 , 2014 .	the 50 - year - old was found slumped in a used plastic bag and was found in a headquarters of his estate home .	the grammy - winning band gwar was the mastermind of the alleged plot to capitalize on the costumes .
detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ' vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace ' .	the news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart - wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his home on the nsw mid - north coast .
pm has called on people to ' feel proud ' to say this is a ' christian [UNK] ' .	the prime minister hailed the work of the church and condemned the persecution of christians following the massacre in kenya .
gavin evans suffered from a six - year - old pit bull on april 1 .	he has been reunited with his sister serenity , six , and a half - year .	evans has been released from hospital with sister david , seven .
the 29 - year - old spent 3 , 000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings .	jameela thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus .
the mother of a new zealand woman , from new zealand , said she was trying to work her teeth through what must be the insect 's shell .	ms stevenson said the incident was ' a bit of gristly , ' she said .	she said her teeth were hanging out and it had a big hole in the middle of the .
kyle major , from blackpool , lancashire , followed his victim - who had just asked his group of friends for directions - and felled him from behind with a punch to the back of the head .	paul walker , 52 , was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital .
aussies rose byrne and gracie otto are about to add another string to their bow .	the bridesmaids star and daughter of famed australian actor barry otto have , along with fellow actress krey boylan , film director shannon murphy and pr maven jessica carrerea , have launched their very own all female film production company called the doll house collective byrne believes , in an age where sheryl sandberg of facebook , arianna huffington of huffington post and marissa mayer of yahoo dominating powerful positions , it 's about time they become strong , female leaders in film .
shinjiro kumagai is a ' mild mannered ' clergyman at a local buddhist temple called gokurakuji in kitakyushu , southwest japan .	but after the days work is done , he dresses up as iconic japanese sci - fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law .
photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren , great - grandchildren , sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the australian armed forces who landed in gallipoli nearly 100 years ago .	amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the australian imperial force .
the sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store the energy harvested during the day by solar panels .	sonnenspeicher features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current .
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields .	he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 , which , if restored .
the park hyatt new york , for example , recently hired first lady michelle obama 's favourite designer , narcisco rodriguez , to re - design the staff 's uniforms .	while the shangri la hotel in toronto opted for local designer , sunny fong , when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms .
doug hughes landed a gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol to protest campaign finance laws says her husband is a patriot .	after more than two years of planning , 61 - year - old doug hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no - fly zone in a gyrocopter wednesday carrying 535 letters - - and landed the aircraft on the capitol lawn .
earth experienced its hottest month of march since record - keeping began in 1880 .	there 's been no break from the globe 's record heat - the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks .	last month 's average temperature soared to 56 .	4f ( 13 .	6c ) , which is 1 .	5f ) above the average for the 20th century .	this was the highest for march in the 18802015 record , surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0 .
chanel , a 19 - year - old model in california , has taken to a number of extraordinary lengths to maintain her self - esteem .	the model , who claims to be a vegetarian , says she is a vegetarian .
men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco .	ten friends , including the dead men , had rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone , a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy .
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle - tacoma international airport .	passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo hold .
ferrari , 20 , and 20 - year - old driver of the ferrari , yu , from beijing , have been arrested .	the incident occurred two hours before ' fast and furious 7 ' broke the record .
the bbc 's online game , syrian journey , often ends with refugees drowning in the mediterranean or being sold to militia .	the syrian journey game , which is available on the bbc website , often leads to players dying and was criticised by experts for turning the suffering of millions into a ' children 's game' .
chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the comment .	she said wearing wristbands indicating a person 's condition would help doctors , lawyers and police officers because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves .	ms fernando 's ' shocking ' suggestion was slammed by the deputy prime minister nick clegg today .
blissful: agonda beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa .	the rouble in trouble , russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in the goa .
more than four million people will be unable to get a doctor 's appointment within a week .	labour said there had been a ' dramatic trend ' in the nhs over the past .
brian karl brimager , 37 , entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego , in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli .	he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .
viv nicholson , 79 , scooped 152 , 319 in 1961 with her husband keith .	she scooped the cash on flash cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying .	she managed to ' spend , spend ' after winning more than five years .
miami herald columnist lesley abravanel told mailonline that he had been ' devastated ' by unflattering comparisons to dr franff on the netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .	abravanel said he had hanged himself at his miami mansion in miami by his housekeeper .
five - year - old daniel is the best in the 2 .	7million home in a personal interview .	it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign once for a bbc profile .	mr miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras .
sarah stage , a 30 - year - old model and animal rights activist from los angeles , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday afternoon .	the mother - to - be came under fire .
prince , who begun a month - long secondment to the australian defence force on monday , took an hour - long break at the village during a training exercise with a norforce unit .	he was speaking to abc news , described the royal visitor as ' a ' real ' chap ' .	the prince will take part in a memorial service for the men .
greek prime minister alexistsipras raised the reparations issue when he met german chancellor angela merkel in berlin last month .	the demand comes just days before greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the international monetary fund .
fashion blogger lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style , without breaking the bank .	uk stylist and blogger lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style .
matthew longhurst , head chef of the splendid kitchen , is the creation of chef sam longhurst .	the whole damn farm burger features two beef burgers and homemade bacon jam 100g of ham .
j . j . richardson and don mclean were sold for $1 .	2 million .	the original manuscript was released in christie 's home on tuesday .	the 16 - year - old pie is about ' heading in the [UNK] .
jeff and joey stallings , who were hospitalized on april 6 , fell seriously ill earlier this month .	they were able to return to home within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking .	they rallied against the terrifying effects of the drug .
jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , use a deodorant for a lighter to set the marsupial alight in rottnest island on april 3 .	the creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame .
illinois rep .	gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with what they have called the family defender toolkit .	gutierrez says that if a person is arrested , he wanted to help the undocumented immigrants .
victoria beckham posted a pic of her husband on instragram on tuesday .	he is embracing his age with style , and he 's not the only one .	believes celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey .
study published last week suggests overweight people are less likely to develop dementia .	study found that those who were overweight ( with a bmi of 25 to 29 ) had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia .
teenager claims to be just 15 - years - old has over 400 , 000 fans .	she has gained 24 , 000 followers on her chinese social media platform .	she is also referred to as ' the most popular procedures ' in china .
former sister - in - law of a man who has been charged with the murder of second wife , toni bertolet , 51 , last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife , lynn rishell , some 20 years earlier .	in both cases henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500 , 000 on the death .
police found four handguns , a shotgun and a bullet proof vest inseveriano alves de sena .	he now faces life in jail if he was killed in the face of the death of his wife .	the incident took place in the city of rio de janeiro .
nhs handed out 404 , 500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of 13million in 2014 and 4 .	7million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing29million , damning analysis has found ( file image ) the nhs is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste .	some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks .
giles moser , twenty - year - old sharista giles , tennessee , went into a coma after a car accident .	she was five months pregnant when she fell into the hospital .	her mother , anna moser , said she had a two - per - cent chance of recovery .	she believes her daughter hears her daughter would wake up .
the 31 - year - old whistle - blower has been living in russia since 2013 .	snowden has emerged as a polarizing figure in the middle of the new york night .	snowden 's artistic appearance was conceived by two artists .
education secretary nicky morgan revealed she has ordered officials to start ' mapping the pressures ' on the state schools system .	it comes less than six months after she told the head of ofsted it was not ' helpful ' to warn schools are struggling .
martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15 , 2013 attack , headed to boylston street to help officials unveilcommemorative banners .	four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word ' boston ' were placed at the site .	they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , the marathon 's colors .
the fast - casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january , but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat .	chipotle says it does not know when it will have enough pork to supply all of its stores with sustainably raised meat for its carnitas burritos , tacos and bowls .
the new amendment would allow owners to use facilities corresponding to their gender . '	im actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is , ' carnes says .
luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way in red hill , canberra on july 2012 .	costa was suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the attack .
nick cousins looked visibly upset and his filipino wife herminia garcia was shaking when they emerged from the court in the sai wai ho suburb of hong kong .	the 53 - year - old was arrested after her teenage daughter , blanca cousins , fell from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment in hong kong on tuesday .
kevin dixon , 35 , of newsome in west yorkshire , took his friend 's akita - type dog for a walk to help her out and then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal .	he was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years .
joshua joshua , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown , sheffield , on january 7 .	his mother said the teen was on a ' platform and that ' he was going to end it ' .	joshua vaughan told the police he was ' going to [UNK] .
scott kemery , 44 , was rushed by helicopter to stony brook university hospital on tuesday .	the 44 - year - old was rushed to hospital in the parking lot of the king kullen supermarket .
thursday 's commemoration in appomattox , virginia , marked the beginning of the end of the civil war .	lee 's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before lee 's surrender .	the confederate re - enactment of the 150th commemoration of the american civil war in 1865 .
kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail .	com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind .	six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says she 's learned that a sociopath is a person ' who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room .
kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , of wilkesboro , south carolina , pleaded guilty to having sexual relations with two 17 - year - old boys .	the teacher had a casual sexual relationship with one of the young man , but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other .
the footage was captured by a cctv camera outside a home in london at 3 .	20 on sunday morning .	it shows how easy it is for the so - called hackers to break into the vehicle and drive it away in a car hacking .
pensioner alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about a lack of action over fly - tipping .	he signed off his email with: ' that 's why i'll be voting ukip' ' .	mr grower said he was shocked by the ' petty ' reply .
the page claims that the australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians . '	the diggers are dole bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january .	claims those in the armed forces are ' being paid with freedom of speech thanks to us .
olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana , south america , to new york .	authorities said they spotted her ' sweating profusely ' and ' avoiding eye contact with officers ' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search .
more than 90 per cent of the world 's population suffers from colour blindness .	eye2tv can be plugged into a hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor .	the remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment .
the girl , who was a member of the university of south carolina , was identified by other students and condemned for the slur .	the girl has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ' n*****s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on the board at the university in south carolina .	at the top of the list , the student has not been suspended .
the 16 - year - old was shot in the shoulder , hand and wrist but is now in stable condition .	his friend justin compress , who was killed in the shooting , was four years ago .	scott was killed while he sat in the son 's shoulder and wrist .
the latest casualty are boxes of cadbury 's fingers which , it was announced yesterday , will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on .	they join creme eggs , pg tips teabags and even john west tuna in the ever - increasing list of goods getting smaller .
rihanna cooper , 21 , was youngest person in britain to be accepted for treatment .	but part way through her treatment , the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she had to pay for her treatment .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane .	the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at lihue airport on kauai when an alaska airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything .
stoke 's charlie adam stunned the chelsea home crowd today with a breathtaking 66 - yard strike that will go down in history .	the scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot after noticing chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois well off his line .
royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton has also heard a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age .	while a retired nurse , who was sent to neerkol orphanage near rockhampton , said she was punched and slapped repeatedly , and a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest reginald durham .
male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the tsa screening system at denver international airport last year , cbs4reported .	the male tsa employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger 's genitals at the colorado airport .	despite receiving an employee tip - off to the alleged sexual assaults in november , the tsa only investigated in february .
the queen was spotted riding out in windsor racecourse on saturday .	the queen , then aged 86 , is celebrating her 89th birthday today .	her majesty is the queen 's cameo role as a bond girl .
kenyatta leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for his third strike .	he is the first graduate of san quentin 's only prison - based tech .	the program was started in 2011 .
the morleys , from casuarina on the north coast of nsw , released a video to explain floyd 's condition to their friends and family .	less than two years later , floyd is now a big brother to three - week - old twins , and his mum jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters .
stephanie flanders , 46 , accused the media of raking over mr milibands past in the run - up to the election .	she made headlines last week after it emerged she had been secretly going out with mr miliband .
medics told the family of margaret hesketh that there was little they could do for the 70 - year - old because she was put on a discredited liverpool care pathway - style treatment for the dying having fluid .
al - shabaab militants have killed more than 400 people in kenya since april 2013 .	air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya .	cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the death toll .
the 33 - year - old has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods .	dossena has appeared 13 times for orient this season but has found life tough in the third tier .
nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote ukip , according to research by yougov .	ukip leader nigel farage said the idea was to look at whether a persons first name had no bearing on how they vote .
walter scott , 50 , is charged with murder after opening fire on north charleston , south carolina , on saturday .	he is being held in jail on murder charges and is being kept in jail .
the 38 - year - old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri - la hotel .	he has been in the city since this year became the father of a hit - and - run .
the cartoons were designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause .	they include: ' tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer , ' and the blog .
nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out .	theres even a word for it nomophobia , the fear of being without a working mobile .	but it could run for 17 days on a battery life on a single charge .
emma watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of but how has the actress made the transition from hermione granger to a feminist heroine ?	here , femail charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon .
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film .	it said it will still show the oscar - nominated movie but with an educational forum follow - up .
father and two children , aged 3 , and 7 - year - old , were killed in the crash .	authorities say uriel and the toddler were not wearing seat belts .	the car , which was carrying 12 passengers , crashed at a hospital .
the 50 - year - old was arrested on march 6 , with criminal negligence causing death .	the former georgian bay general hospital in ontario , canada , has been charged with manslaughter .
police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december before demanding money to decrypt the files .	the program called cryptolocker infects through an e - mail and then scrambles the data on the computer .	it caused police systems to be down between four and five days , according to tewksbury town crier .
melbourne - based actor lucy gransbury said she was ' too scared ' to knock on their door .	the deaf man and those buried in the cemetery were buried in her home .	she said she is ' brave and creative ' and ' too much spare time ' .	gransbury said the dvd festivals and cons of the end of the cemetery .
tokyo 's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 in the 2020 olympics .	strips of brightly - coloured running tracks are reached by the red pathway , which will be held in the new terminal .
the diminutive digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins .	at just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb , he was rescued by the rspca and taken to a centre in hertfordshire where the two have quickly become inseparable ' it was as if the little fellow took on nero .
the ship was loaded with barrels of radioactive waste that subsequently contaminated the wildlife in the farallon islands .	it was one of more than 300 wrecks in the gulf of the farallones islands .
former tenants of the property have been convicted of leaving a property in accrington , accrington , accrington .	the property was left in a state of disrepair for three years , and his business partner judith , who was found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by hyndburn .
samantha cameron , 43 , revealed her love of alternative group polia .	she rarely misses a chance to demonstrate her cool credentials .	but their brand is inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy .
henry eventually made his way out of the machine in the machine 's machine .	he had picked up a teddy up with the ' claw ' machine when he failed to win a teddy .	the four - year - old was waiting for the key to the machine .
the flowers can be used to prolong the life of your flowers last night .	the vase is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous flowers .	you can make your flowers away from appliances .
michael munday has taken to social media to express his messages as ' creepy and inappropriate ' .	some users were not entirely convinced by mr munday 's plea for help , saying he needs to win her .
dr . maung maung , 43 , was jailed for 18 months for the attack .	he asked the teenager to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts , his lawyer said .
johnny savile is accused of sexually abusing seven women .	they were convicted of sex offences in the u.s. during a 24 year period .	the study found that sons and brothers were four to five times more likely to be convicted of sexual crimes .
kim rose , who is running for nigel farage 's party in southampton , is being investigated by police over claims he tried to ' corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls .	mr rose , 57 , branded police involvement as ' absolutely ridiculous' .
kim kardashian took her family to jerusalem 's st james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city .	kim took to instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy land .	kim kardashian 's daughter will be baptized and become a christian .
the 44 - year - old from oldham had recently returned from algeria .	police said the incident was ' not a hot ' after the incident .	there was a warning that members of the public should not carry out a fine .
the airline 's parent company lufthansa organised special flights for victims ' families after the march 24 crash in the french alps which killed all 150 people on board .	the halterner zeitungnewspaper - based in the town that lost 16 students and two teachers - said she flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher 's cousins .
jared quirk , 18 , was killed in a new year 's last year to die in a year of the crash .	a third contemporary , patrick sullivan , 17 , died on october 1 , a hospital in .
sonia morales was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull .	the family have been celebrating her first day with her little sister .
an estimated 957 , 000 shoppers in the us alone ordered apple watches on friday .	customers won't be able to buy an apple watch in store ' through the month of may ' .	ms ahrendts said it had not been an easy decision .
former chancellor says he could ' rule out further cuts to child benefit ' .	mr gove said he would not rule out child benefit if he could be ' no more changes to child benefit' .
officials say their home should be known as the ' town of twins' ' due to the unusually high number of twins in a population of 20 , 000 .	some of the 200 sets of twins are among the twins in the school .
tilly , who cannot be named for legal reasons , had to look away as disturbing footage of tilly meowing in distress as he threw her in the toilet .	he was in such a sorry state when rspca inspectors found her that she had to be living for a month .	he claimed he was ' accidentally ' high on ' white rhino ' - and was being egged on .
private hospital in harley street says that increasing numbers of people are seeking its help after being given bad advice or poor treatment elsewhere .	it says it is now time for the industry to be taken to task .
mohammed khubaib , 43 , was convicted of raping a 16 - year - old and seven trafficking charges , involving six girls .	khubaib 's conviction brings the total number of people to be convicted under operation erle to ten , of which five are of pakistani origin .
the video depicts the 918 spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead - straight stretch of road on the on the stuart highway , north of alice springs .	the car was driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird , who switches the vehicle into race hybrid and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen on easter sunday on friday afternoon .	the 26 - year - old was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions .	ms scott was due to marry aaron leeson - woolley on saturday .
baby elephant was captured at whipsnade zoo in whipsnade zoo .	the baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd .	it stops to dawdle and picks something up off the floor before breaking their chain .
thousands of japanese - americans , groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house in lambertville , new jersey .	the collection includes 63 photos of people of the original collector , who lived in an internment camps in arkansas .
the notice has been fixed outside a university building in portugal place - but the message contains grammatical errors .	it warns that bikes will be ' removed or destroyed ' if they are left behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church .
letizia , who was making a speech at the woman awards held at madrid casino , was making an appearance at the cosmocaixa science museum for the women awards ceremony .	the 42 - year - old mother - of - two also announced a glamorous new bob .
tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market , which research by kantar shows has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year and is now worth 490million .	the leader has improved its market share in the increasingly fashionable premium ale market .
texas news ' face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer .	it 's not his first retirement announcement but at age 78 , looks like it has a good chance of sticking .	schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university 's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth , his alma mater .
nancy kanwisher , a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology , shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions .	the short video was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website .
the video has emerged on social media , showing a new militia of female jihadis .	some of the women appear to struggle with the weight of their machine guns and make a number of basic rifle mistakes .	the group is believed to have been filmed at the st simeon 's church .
grace rebecca mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared infredericksburg , near the college campus , about 3pm .	local reports say mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat .	mann is believed to have been asphyxiated one of the women started to perform cpr as the other called 911 .
mohammed emwazi , 29 , planned to join al - shabaab in somalia .	he changed his mind after friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members .	instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state .
newington college in newington , newington , has been responsible for the education of several high profile australians including prime minister tony abbott .	the 57 - year - old has been accused of ' child sexual abuse ' .	the school has been appalled by the allegations .	st ignatius ' college riverview , located on sydneys north .
susan fortuna , of shelburne , sued last week , accusing allergan of failing to warn of dangers , negligence and breach of the vermont consumer fraud act in treating their 21 - year - old daughter , mandy fortuna .	in november , a vermont jury awarded a new york family $6 .	75 million in their lawsuit against allergan .
mackenzie mackenzie has a ' big - girl party ' for her daughter 's birthday party .	she was diagnosed with sotos syndrome when she was just one year old .	her mother , jenny moretter , has a rare genetic disorder .
french photographer floriane de lassee captures a photograph of a man practicing his piano in his london flat a woman looks on at the vast skyline ahead of her as she stands on a balcony .	the french photographer found her inspiration when she studied at the international center of photography in new york .
zac evans , 19 , was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in gloucester in january while apparently trying to protect a group of girls .	the trial , due to take place in june , was originally set for bristol crown court , 30 miles from gloucester .
two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without prostate cancer .	prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk , with more than 40 , 000 new cases .
the mother of two , from byron bay , nsw , was caught in a freak accident on april 8 .	mrs swarbrick 's husband jazmin posted a tribute to her husband alan swarbrick .
carol lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window in durban , a key port on south africa 's indian ocean coast , spreading to johannesburg .	in the latest show of violence around 200 protesters , shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country , pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks .	in the latest show of violence around 200 protesters , shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country , pelted passing vehicles .
next - generation iphone will feature force touch , recently added to the apple watch and new macbook .	the claims were made by kgi securities analyst ming - chi kuo during a note to investors on the iphone .
rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland , florida in september 2013 .	the polk county sheriff 's office said she likely killed herself following ' malicious harassment ' from two schoolmates , katelyn roman , then 12 , and guadalupe shaw , 13 .	both girls , who were students at crystal lake middle school , were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking .
romeo and peacocks were found lying next to each other in a 75 - million - year - old rock in the mid - 1980s .	they say they have come up with a way to tell fossils of potential mates .	they believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones .
barbaric footage , released earlier today , shows the men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in deir ez - zor , syria , as a militant brandishing a sharpened sword stands behind them .	it comes just one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 ethiopian christians in libya .
miss wendy 's false mouth trick - and questioned the effect of the ' cruel ' stunt on the dog .	the rspca yesterday said it would be contacting britains got talent to ascertain what methods were used in the performance .	the rspca yesterday said it would be contacting britains got talent to ascertain what methods were used in the performance .
claudetteia love is a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in the school .	she says she is going to go to the prom without a date and with a group of friends , but now she and her friends are staying away .	the decision is part of the school 's dress code and not anything .
former fiancee of businessman scot young who fell 60ft from his west london home last year .	the tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi - million pound apartment onto metal railings .	the tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi - million pound apartment onto metal railings .
new review suggests researchers have discovered about half of people with rbd will develop parkinson 's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed , livescience reports .	researchers have discovered about half of people with rbd will develop parkinson 's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed , livescience reports .
preston wright , 49 , killed his girlfriend using a knife and turned the weapon on himself at a house in the house in norman .	the couple were killed in the murder of a woman with a knife then turned the gun on himself .
the raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises , and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike .	a passer - by captured photographs of the two criminals , and police have now appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders .
myanmar 's newly - built capital city , naypyidaw , is shrouded in secrecy .	the government decided to move the city from yangon built mainly for government staff .	the area may be ' dangerous , ' and ' dangerous ' by the city of yangon .
sidonie , a well known band from catalonia , created a rather tongue - in - cheek song .	the band also posted the video to facebook and youtube .	the video has been viewed over 24 , 000 times .
julie walters , 49 , has been jailed for two and a half years after she was caught by police after she admitted three counts of burglary at manchesters minshull street crown court .	police issued cctv images of walters of withington , manchester , hanging around outside a retirement home .
the duchess of cambridge is rarely spotted in dresses that don't come in her favourite dark navy and black - both of which she has a head - to - favourite navy and navy .
hundreds of tourists had to be evacuated from warwick castle in the world .	the cannonball ignited the roof of the ancient boathouse , which overlooks the river avon within the castle grounds in the grounds of warwickshire .
the air malta jet took the happy couple 's family and friends on a flight path .	the couple were taken off the island 's international airport in malta .	they were married at the wedding of the airline 's wedding .
the pit crew member was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .	todd phillips , a front - outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tyres and fuel .
a recent surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism to the uk 's coastline .	the stunning sight of a brainless , which has a painful sting , captured underwater in cornwall thousands of visitors who will soon flock to the nhs .
96 - year - old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in february .	the 96 - year - old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in february .	he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .
kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london , the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to william in 2011 .	at the party in march , where kate , 33 , wowed in a floral erdem dress and navy alexander mcqueen court shoes , the duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agentclaudia gordon .
dr . michael davidson was shot dead at a boston hospital january 20 , leaving behind his wife , daughters kate , 10 , 8 , and their 2 - year - old son , a mother of fourth .	dr michael pasceri , 44 , was welcomed into the world april 4 , less than three months after the shooting .
abu hamza parvez moved back to islamic state de - facto capital city of syria .	he is now living in a house with a group of english friend abu mariya al - belgiki .	hamza parvez , known as abu rumaysah al - britani , has been living in syria .
a grand and colourful ceremony was held in honour of the ' tomb sweeping festival ' this weekend by travelling home to their ancestral villages .	the festival falls in the first week of april every year .
shadow welsh secretary owen smith said at a hustings event on wednesday: we view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment .	the tories have warned that labour could sell out britain in a deal with the snp which wants to scrap trident .
ukip has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month .	the tories are stuck on 33 per cent only one point ahead of the greens .	the poll comes ahead of tonight 's crunch poll .
hbo now channel on the apple tv set - top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .	the announcement comes weeks after apple cut the price of its apple tv device from $99 ( 65 ) to $69 ( 45 ) in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of google chromecast .
the first president to visit jamaica in three decades while on a visit to the country for a meeting with caribbean leaders .	obama will visit jamaica to attend the summit of the bob marley museum in kingston , jamaica .
real women have spoken out about their comments on her weight .	the show has been praised by her fans at the same times .	pink took to twitter to show off her weight at the event .
the hmas choules , which has previously been used to provide $2 .	8 million of asylum seekers to their home country , has been employed by the navy to send asylum seekers back to their communist government .
liam dawe , 21 , was born a four - week old and died in march last year .	he died two decades after being assaulted as a result of the incident .	police are considering manslaughter charges after a man was assaulted .
former virginia gov .	bob mcdonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court wednesday .	the onetime rising republican star made the argument in a 54 - page brief in the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals .	a three - judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 .
the protests come as companies have to be treated by anti - islam protests .	the protests came as companies clashed with anti - racism activists .	two people were taken away by paramedics .
remy dufrene , 3 , of raceland , louisiana , was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk .	the old woman tried to chase after the young boy , but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch .
wardens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties .	public and commercial services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for the first time in the royal collection .
53 people were arrested in london 's hyde park in london in london .	the four people hold their marijuana joints together with a bag full of the drug visible in the centre of the park .
britain 's failure to follow suit thanks to a target imposed by david cameron .	britain 's aid budget is double france 's and ten times the level of the other nations in the uk .
the 40 - year - old 's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate , with dylan and her husband .	the twins were born in the next interview with her father .
meron pepiot , a newly - victorious university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon , who competes for the university of washington .	but at a different event , a crowd of more than 3 , 000 people saw the distance .
almost 6 , 000 migrants were capsized off the coast of libya .	nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off libya .	at least 480 migrants lost their lives in the last three months .
coachella fans who attend the california - based music festival typically go for good music and a good time but they may end up bringing home something much worse than a hangover and some sunburn .	he advises that festival attendees should take steps to avoid catching diseases like norovirus and salmonella .
google confirmed toyahoo financein a statement that its current policy changed - meaning the company will store the balances for users of the mobile transfer service ( similar to paypal and venmo ) in multiple federally - insured banking institutions .	this is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their wallet balance .
foreign - born blacks made up just 3 .	1 per cent of the black population in 1980 .	7 per cent of the black immigrant population foreign - born blacks were 3 .	1 per cent of the black immigrant population foreign - born blacks were 3 .	5 million foreign - born blacks already living in the united states .
the alex gibney - directed film was due to premiere in the uk earlier this month .	lawyers warn that the show could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from david miscavige , and other prominent scientologists .
those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency home to the city have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year .	they paid the most income tax in 2012/13 , with bills averaging 16 , 900 , almost four times the national average of 4 , 363 , a research shows .
at least 1 , 700 soldiers were killed in the cold blood by isis last summer .	the first of the 12 mass graves on the banks of the tigris river began to give up the ' crime ' of as many as 1 , ' dead in cold blood ' by the sunni isis militants last year .	the teams began the gruesome task of uncovering the bodies of the army .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo .	the 18 - year - old was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .	jackson 's mother says the family needs an additional $45 , 000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees .
afzal khan , known to his clients as ' bobby' , opened the emporio motor group in new jersey in 2013 .	he is accused of obtaining loans from a bank for cars that he never delivered .
kevin rivera , who have a baby daughter , got into a dispute at his home in brooklyn , new york , in the early hours of sunday .	he allegedly stabbed mr rivera , an unemployed musician , with a knife , before fleeing the scene .	he has been charged with manslaughter and criminal .
six - year - old girl was sexually assaulted by a child of the same age in the classroom and playground of her school .	the girl 's mother has said she has been forced to move her daughter from her daughter 's class , saying they have made the girl to a new school .
eight judges of the european court of human rights found that russia was justified in deporting a 45 - year - old man for breaking immigration laws even though he went to russia in the country .
jennie anne kehlet , 49 , and raymond keith kehlet , 47 , were last seen on march 22 in perth .	the couple are believed to be amateur prospectors and had set up a search area of 625 square .
the 59 - year - old told police the injuries were caused when she fell and said he had accidentally ' caught her face ' when he went to catch her in november last year .	he was arrested after the victim 's carer returned home and called the police .	his mother later told detectives: ' he was pushing my face and holding my wrists .
raheem sterling has been accused of inhaling nitrous oxide .	the video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before passing out .	drugs experts have called on the ' role model ' player to condemn the drug .
a black man has come out in support of police body cameras after he was gunned down by a white officer during a traffic stop and writhed in agony on the ground saying: ' why did you shoot me sir ? '	he told daily mail online he wanted to see non - lethal methods introduced for police , new training in them , and supported bodycams for officers .	the horrifying incident was captured on the officer 's dash cam and has led to the policeman .
kim copeland , a 52 - year - old , was walking home from her coventry city store in coventry .	she was told to have committed a criminal offence , but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated .
new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ' spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .	over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week .	over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week .
more than half of uk children don't have a child on a daily basis .	it comes to dishing up healthy , nutritious food and eating certain foods .	ninety percent of children go through at least one meal .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders looked increasingly fragile as she faced growing calls to stand down .	police chiefs and mps accused her of ignoring the rights of victims and failing to clear the stench of an establishment cover - up that lingers over the case .
google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj began leading a testing team .	the four - man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable .
sajid javid wants to shield children from the tide of children .	he said it would be ' normal ' to prevent young children from young children .	mr javid said it was a ' victory for the daily mail 's [UNK] .
russell brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned bali nine duo from facing death row .	brand lables andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of indonesia as ' daft ' as he urges his nine million twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives .	while the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as ' execution island ' in java .
oxford university womens rowing team beat the men to win for the third time running in the 161st race .	the womens race has been held since 1927 further river at henley , but after years of campaigning for the first time .
the baby was found on the floor of the baby 's apartment with bites on her legs and head .	the medical examiner 's office could not determine the cause of death .	the 27 - year - old has been charged with child neglect after the death of her twins .
dutch and canadian scientists found people felt happier and more relaxed while eating at home or at work about a fifth of the 1 , 000 meetings recorded took place over a meal .	one possible explanation is that chewing raises levels of the feel - good brain chemical serotonin .
lib dem danny alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his treasury post in a second coalition .	nick clegg is on course to lose his seat to the scottish nationalists .
ten deputies have been placed on leave after a horrific video emerged showing them punching and kicking an alleged horsethieffor two minutes following a chase through the california desert .	in the video , captured by annbchelicopter , francis pusok , 30 , isseen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing after being pursued several miles by the san bernardino county officers .	one clearly draws back his leg and swings it at pusok 's head .
churchill downs , which hosts the 141st running of the kentucky derby on derby day , has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees .	but this year , sending elf - photographers armed with smartphones into the world looking to photograph themselves with safety toys .
nicki minaj , catalina catalina 's catalina 's first name , is based in new york .	the painting is the size of a postage stamp and does not feature any faces , and cost around $90 ( 60 ) .
robert de niro , 71 , has been a long - time supporter of the democratic party .	he said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ' no surprises ' .	the goodfellas star said he had ' earned the right ' to be elected .
the uk - wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face - to - face customers around the world .	a counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after raking in 10million by selling fake viagra .
the 41 - year - old is accused of taking bribes and sexually abusing her position .	she was accused of accepting bribes and abusing her in the european union .	she is also accused of convincing ten cash in government funds .
a new skin - brightener infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids , as well as skin - soothers such as mango extract and bisabolol .	the pads are moist and liquorice , according to a expert .
the syrian - born 48 - year - old was killed by a hitman who climbed into the back of his car in london on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work .	but when the father arrived , the killer got into the rear seat of his volkswagen passat and shot him .
the 28 - year - old had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office .	mchenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant .
the eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne for the historic event on july 1 , 1969 , but behind the scenes , prime minister harold wilson voiced his fears in a letter to the prince of wales .	the home office wrote to the mail on sunday under freedom of information laws show that the government sent officers to wales in the lead - up to the ceremony .
a swastika and the word ' scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window of offices in dumbarton last night .	a polling station in dumbarton was sprayed with graffiti by nationalists .
the suspect drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of memphis street in wylam around 8:45 a .	m . birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of 9th avenue wylam where he abandoned the car .	the suspect managed to get a block away in the block of 8th avenue wylam .
researchers have for the first time being able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium .	the results of new research suggest the element lasted more than a century , but the periodic table may have to be put in the main body .
the region tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals .	madagascar is second , with 114 endangered mammals , while mexico sits in third with 101 .	there are 105 recognised species of lemur , of which 24 are critically endangered , 49 are vulnerable and three are near - threatened .
richardson coleman , 29 , turned herself in to police saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24 - year - old beatrice ' dee dee ' spence and her uncle in her 2004 white dodge durango .	wpvi reports that coleman had shown up on spence 's block in the nicetown neighborhood of philadelphia .
in new york , every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the english - speaking world .	it 's a tendency to use the word ' so ' for drama , such as ' i'm a piece of pizza ' to ' this glass needs ' .	some people in san jose say they can be heard in the map .
nine - year - old ryan skivington , nine , was killed in the attack on the guinea pigs .	he also admitted assaulting his ex - girlfriend bobbi jo houston .	he had no previous convictions for violence .
monsour alshammari , 27 , is in the u.s. on a saudi government .	he is set to be extradited back to utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in february .
amanda butler , 42 , had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks .	her son callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin - and both she and doctors feared he would not survive .
madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug - related slogan , the word ' dealer ' spelled out in the luggage department .	madonna 's latest luggage comes from east london designer mawi keivom , who specialises in bejeweled .
soldier made him famous outside of literary circles before then , brooke was known only in literary circles .	the 21 - year - old phyllis first saw brooke on the london to cambridge train in november 1911 .
lightning occurs in eastern democratic republic of far eastern india and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela .	the map was created using data from nasas tropical rainfall measuring mission satellite , and the orbview - 1/microlab .
the tropical queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago .	the house was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck , who already owns a home in the area with his wife monica .	it is a tranquil settinhg , surrounded by palms and vines and ornate rocks , ensuring the home has a history of encouraging bargains .
sarah hulbert , of auburn , wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co - workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston and was fired for having ' no pizzazz .	clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 .
the mail on sunday was voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in a row .	judges gave the award to the paper on sunday ahead of the sunday 's event .
kim rose , 57 , was questioned at romsey police station , hampshire .	he was questioned by police over alleged criminal offence of ' treating' ' .	he has now criticised the ' absolutely ridiculous ' police investigation .	mr rose was alleged to have bribed voters with sausage rolls and sandwiches .
youngster 's mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive , langley park , as usual on sunday evening since it 's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment .	but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared .	the boy 's mother has also shared a video of her son using his chair with the community in a bid to trigger tip offs .
cathleen hackney , 56 , is on trial at stoke - on - trent crown court .	the 56 - year - old is alleged to have deliberately ' pressed ahead ' with her plans .	hackney was said to have objected to her son 's funeral .
10 - year - old used vital tips from tv 's ' one born every minute ' .	she was on the phone to deliver her baby sister at home .	but when her mother , dee culley 's waters broke two weeks early .
the caribbean island , north - east of cuba , was named the best island in the world by tripadvisor users providenciales , which is home to about 20 , 000 people .	the rankings are based on reviews from users around the world , with winners in the top 10 .
khloe , 30 , has been showcasing blonder locks , a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks - and she 's looking better than ever - and it 's all thanks to an intense gym regime , hair colour overhaul and very particular beauty regime for starters , khloe has famously shed an impressive amount of weight and is no stranger to flaunting her .
dawn probe from 28 , 000 miles ( 45 , 000km ) away , show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties .	images were revealed as part of the first colour map of ceres , showing variations in surface materials , and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it .
alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world .	showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation .	alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria .
the three men are sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen , as a huge crowd - including children - gathered to witness the public killings .	flanked by gun - wielding fighters , the unidentified prisoners were pushed onto the beige landscape , where they were forced to sit on the ground with their hands clasped .
a mother and ten ducklings were spotted on a busy road in sutton coldfield , west midlands .	the ducks followed them back to the office of the office and staying for the morning .
jason mcdonald , who volunteers at the farm , has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes .	he said he thought this would be a new way of interacting with the animals .
250 , 000 birds to be slaughtered in telanganaafter cases of the h5n1 virus were identified , which can be deadly in humans .	the virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of poultry after it spread from asia into europe and africa in 2005 - 2006 .
tony hatch and jackie trent were married for more than three decades .	the 71 - year - old died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer .	hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye .
african - american woman fired from hooters in 2013 sued the breastaurant .	she has claimed a supervisor at the hooters where she was given $250 , 000 .	johnson has been awarded thousands of dollars from an arbitration rule .	johnson is now set to receive thousands of pounds of dollars .
primatologists working in ntokou - pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the bouvier 's red colobus monkey .	the monkeys was discovered living in the forests that sit along the bokiba river in the area .
researchers at the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in china that has introduced dna changes to reproductive cells .	the scientific research is yet to be published , the national world is due to be released .
the wi - fi calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal .	london 's underground platforms could soon be drowned in the sound of commuters .	the new technology paves the way for london 's commuters to make phone calls .
jessica kensky and patrick downes lost limbs in the 2013 marathon .	the couple 's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight - year - old boy , martin richard , who was killed in the blast .	his seven - year - old sister , jane , lost a leg .
ruben costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force , but was only handed a two - month suspended sentence .	the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions .	the father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone .
jared forsyth , 33 , had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012 .	he was rushed to ocala regional medical center in critical condition , but he died from his injuries .	police say it is investigating the incident .
singer told abc news on thursday that she had a hard time getting diagnosed for lyme disease .	she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was trying to recover from the disease .	lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite .
the 20 - room hotel is described as a ' temple to hedonism , ' the property 's celestial spa in the entire city of the city of lights may be difficult to find , tucked away .
aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from january and the end of march compared to a year .	aldi and lidl hopes to double in a year since the same time a year earlier .
the 29 - year - old lady said the stretch marks to the social media site since then hundreds of other women have rushed to join the wife of john legend .	chrissy teigen has given a major boost to the campaign .
the proposal has been put forward by experts at nhs health scotland , the scottish governments health promotions agency , which says more action is needed to tackle the continuing problem of hazardous alcohol consumption in young people .	the move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off - licences in scotland .
gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for her 10 , 000 wedding , as well as a 5 , 000 honeymoon in the seychelles .	she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon - but now she has been spared jail even though a court heard that she had been convicted of fraud twice previously .
natalia moon , 23 , moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia .	the risk paid off as the 23 - year - old , who is known as ' the blonde filipino' .
25 - year - old cousin of princes william and harry embraced the sports luxe trend .	she is currently working in new york with a friend she showcased her toned legs in a black mini .
parents and staff at the school have been tested at a melbourne high school in the school .	the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months .	the students were unaware of any cases of gastro water .
michelle manhart , 38 , was handcuffed by police at valdosta san antonio air force training camp .	she is shown being held at valdosta state university in georgia .	manhart , a former playboy model , was demoted to the campus .
trout run , a property in frederick county , maryland , has been trying to prove that a patch of land near camp david is historic enough so that they can build a center for scientology - back real estate .	the rehabilitation program claims that megadoses of the vitamin niacin and spending five hours a day .
shop has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day .	by charging a one yuan ( 11p ) ' air - purifying fee ' per person .	caf hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing china , reported thepeople 's daily online .
lib dem leader promised to ' spread the burden ' of deficit reduction .	but he warned that it was ' quite simply impossible ' to find savings on that scale without causing ' real pain to millions of [UNK] .
marc macrae was election agent for the snps westminster leader .	he was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 1988 and was flown home to spend his final years with his family .	he is now backing tory candidate douglas ross , a local councillor .
kingston road in stockton , stockton , is the backdrop for the new series of the channel 4 documentary which divided opinion with its debut in birmingham 's james turner street .	the programme follows the lives of a handful of benefits claimants .
kirkland died on saturday morning in union city , tennessee , from kidney failure complications an entrepreneur and philanthropist who built a national chain of home decor stores and donated $100millionhas died at age 77 .	robert kirkland , who founded kirkland 's home decor stores with his cousin carl in 1966 , donated the money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tennessee .	kirkland 's expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states .
the 14 - year - old girl was arrested and charged with assault and drove her child to fight the girl in new port richey , sheriff 's spokesman said .	she allegedly drove her daughter to the area near the older girl in april .	bennett allegedly encouraged the girl to fight her daughter .
trio of bikers were captured as they made leaps of faith at portland rock , off the coast of weymouth in dorset on sunday .	the group included renowned professional trial bike riders jack gear , 25 , and joe seddon , 19 , who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below .	mr davies said: ' it was incredibly dangerous , the sea was 10 metres below andrei , crashing against jagged rocks .
22 - year - old entrepreneur has launched a app for lesbians in the uk .	she has now launched a dating app to raise money for 5 , 000 app .	the app is designed for lesbian , bisexual and josh buckley .
four under - age fraternity members were busted by police on interstate - 10 in gulf shores .	they were found with nearly 2 , 000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits to gulf shores for spring break .
matt pliska , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: ' real friends don't count chromosomes' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .	more than 15 , 000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be elected onto prom court .
jenna louise driscoll was charged with having sex with a dog on april 7 .	the 25 - year - old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a bottle before hurling abuse at him .	she was also charged with two counts of bestiality .
sharky jama has been killed in syria while fighting with terrorist group islamic state .	his father , yusuf yusuf , said he was ' putting their own lives in syria ' .	the melbourne man 's father , dada jama , confirmed his death to sbs .
mother - of - two marie csaszar , 45 , died last september following a ten - year battle with a brain tumour .	she had worked for seven years at the bbc financial centre in cardiff .
glenn ford was released from prison in angola last year face - to - face: the 65 - year - old , who was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer after his release last year .	he was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home last week but shook his hand . '	i want you to know that i am very sorry , ' stroud said during the somber meeting , which was filmed bynightline .
bride - to - be stephanie scott was due to marry her fianc and partner of five years .	they believe to be the 26 - year - old who went missing just days before her murder .
the jokullsarlon national park provided the location for the north of westeros in the skaftafell national park .	the jokullsarlon lake , at the foot of the national park , is another favoured filming spot .
tulip siddiq , a former aide to ed miliband , is accused of failing to tell voters that she met vladimir putin in moscow two years ago when a controversial billion - dollar arms deal was signed .	a smiling ms siddiq was photographed alongside putin and sheikh hasina , the prime minister of bangladesh and ms siddiq 's mother rehana .
47 - year - old man arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice .	north yorkshire police said the 47 - year - old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation .
rona fairhead is facing calls to step down immediately as a director of hsbc over her links to the banks tax scandal .	she has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions , at the bbc and the scandal - hit bank , after claims that hsbcs swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman .
wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year .	the documents show sony 's close ties to the kim - jong - hackers affiliated with north korea .	wikileaks also claim that the data has a ' public interest ' in the public domain .
system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to 13 , 500lbs ( 6 , 124 kg ) into orbits between 112 miles and 1 , 243 miles ( 180 km and 2000 km ) above earth .
chris sussman , executive editor of comedy , said particular jokes have to go through ' quite a lot of layers ' to be approved .	the corporation is extra - wary on air .
grant allen , 38 , of harlow , essex , was ordered to pay back 491 , 000 .	he was jailed for six years for mortgage fraud and money laundering .	allen claimed he worked as a meat trader .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet .	she was jailed last week and ordered to post a sex video on her facebook page .	cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and sent pictures to her daughter .
the 26 - year - old was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ' modern , cool and quintessentially british edge ' .	daisy lowe , 26 , has been working as a model for years in the soho desert .
the gold coast caravan park is home to more than 100 people in the caravan park .	the conditions of the mudgeeraba caravan park have been labelled ' horrific ' .	the park has been called ' [UNK] .
todd family - a 36 - year - old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home .	the six - hour funeral service brought 1 , 200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday to pay their respect to the family .
beatrice has been seen at the bahrain grand prix , her fourth holiday in a month .	the 26 - year - old was spotted enjoying the high life in the middle east .	she was walking behind the crown prince of bahrain .
the fanuc cr - 35ia claims to be the first ' heavy - lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with humans without the need for safety fences .	the robot can lift up to 77 lbs ( 35kg ) .
kelly erspamer 's third collection of tributes to celebrities such as melissa rivers , joan rivers , shania twain , phil rivers , suzy unger , christy turlington , suzy chenoweth , kristin chenoweth .
marcia eisenhour was a judge for weber county justice court from 1984 until 2010 , when a new ogden justice court opened and took over the county 's caseload .	storey was said to have asked whether she was in a relationship .
victorino chua penned what he called a bitter nurse confession in which he spelled out how an angel can turn to an evil person .	in 13 pages of rambling , he said he was ' a devil in me , going straight to hell ' .	chua is accused of killing three patients in a hospital .
indianara carvalho , 23 , had hymen surgery last year to ' restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with a tirade of disapproval from her followers .
flash pack 's lee thompson captured this month in , vietnam .	there are more than 37 million chickens in , south africa .	there 's no measure to what can be packed onto the back of a bike or scooters .
claudia martins , 33 , was suffering from a condition known as a ' pathological denial of pregnancy ' .	the 33 - year - old has been convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility .
gloria ross , 84 , spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse , was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson wayne wilkins , 25 .	but when he asked nurses at whipps cross hospital , north east london , for help , they said mrs ross was just tired and told him the senior nurse was on a break .
the winning oz lotto entry was purchased from mittagong newsagency , 4 princess street in central mittagong .	the winning punter , who chose not to be named , said he and his wife had been ' struggling ' before the win and they are over the moon with the result .
earl arthur olander , 90 , was found dead in his home in minneapolis .	police say he was ' a stand - up ' and ' a prince of a surrogate ' .	the 90 - year - old was found beaten to death in his own home .	police said he was a ' surrogate grandfather ' for the past .
the kabul - based woman was only 16 - years - old when she fell pregnant with the child of her rapist asadullah - who is also married to her cousin .	gulnaz 's brothers insisted that she would not be allowed to live a normal life in the afghan capital .
the trio were caught on camera as they roamed through the parking lot .	owner freddy ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work at the news .	he is now offering $1 , 000 reward for information leading to the arrest .
kurt ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college .	the 43 - year - old is being held on $15 , 000 bail in rockland , new york .
vijaya gadde said the company had failed to live up to internet abuse .	she said twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with abuse happens on twitter .	miss gadde said twitter was ' inexcusably slow and the substance ' .
the canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an ' announcement ' on a big tv screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to melbourne .	dfat has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt , which saw 30 low - ranking workers told they needed to cut 500 jobs .
former playboy model annette edwards , five - year - old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under stone .	he is the size of an average eight - year old boy and weighs 2st .
paul devillier , 36 , is accused of opening fire on cpl .	burt hazeltine .	he was ambushed and shot three times in what has been described as a road rage incident sparked by an argument over traffic .	police say he does not have a criminal record but they suspect he suffers wounded .
fiona cullum , 25 , provided a safe haven for hassan hussain ashe and fellow murderer yassin james , 20 , were hunted by police for gunning down sabrina moss in the street on a night out to celebrate her 24th birthday .	cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about hussain after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder .
megan huntsman , 40 , is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns .	a judge today handed huntsman six sentences of five years to life - but family members rallied round her even as her ' cold and calculated ' crimes were recounted to the court .	three will run consecutively , which means she will spend at least 15 years in prison - and likely much longer .
zeus , a dog , was honored in a eight - year anniversary on wednesday .	the dog was waved at half staff next to a k - year - old k - 9 p .	m . residents of ridgefield police say he was ' zeus ' and ' never [UNK] .
hayley 's mother charles described her as ' an inspiration to millions ' .	there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk .	her mother broke down as she paid tribute to her daughter at her funeral .
the forks are designed for different parts of the u.s. - the fork on their own .	some say it 's the non - jab equivalent of major surgery .	the forks can make you look younger , puffy and bloated .
shadow chancellor said he would not make ' unfunded and uncosted commitments ' .	comes after david cameron pledged to increase spending by 8billion a year .	david cameron wants to be prime minister to build money it needs .
footage captured by a passenger on one of the planes , one an american airlines , landing at the same time on adjacent runways .	as well as the two measuring their approach almost identically , the wheels touch the tarmac .
godfrey elfwick , a 20 - year - old 's anti - gay campaigner , said he was ' full of rap music ' .	he was captured by saying that darth vader listens to rap music - it 's just a really bad racial .
the 65 - year - old is set to become the oldest woman to give birth to quadruplets .	she is the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world .	her daughter , who is due to retire this year , said she was ' healthy ' .
the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it a ' rubbish ' effort to use ' a grassroots social media movement for a murdered woman for social relevance ' .	the brand is ' jumping on a bandwagon ' and ' tasteless decision ' .
matt hongjun lost his iphone in new york city in china , new york .	the pictures were taken in front of what looked like orange trees .	the phone had made its way half way around the world .
the kola fireball had a ' disturbingly similar ' path to asteroid 2014 ur116 , which is due to pass by the moon in 2017 .	this is a new study that claims the fireball 's trajectory and hunt down the orbit of hunt down any remaining fragments .
the iconic directional arrows , plus the a and b buttons from the nintendo game boy , to an iphone .	it was originally devised as part of an april fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version .
davion only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care afterhis mother gave birth to him behind bars .	he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven - year - old when she became his caseworker .	since august , davion has been spending weekends with connie and her daughters , sydney , 21 , carley , 17 .
malijah grant was shot in the back of a silver chevy impala at an intersection in kent , washington .	her parents were in the front seat when police say a black sedan was withdrawn .	police say they don't believe the shooting was random .
unidentified woman from greenpoint , brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage .	she walked to the kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side shortly before noon on monday , climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet .
deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a ' key demand ' of the reforms .	the lib dems have sought to claim the mantle as the ' party of education' .
kelly nash , a 25 - year - old man , was found dead in the 6 - month - old georgia home in february .	he was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 , and was found in the water in a lake a month after a gunshot wound and drowned .
new york photographer shared image of a photo of a ny resident whose name is beyonc .	the photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name in a post .
yaakov naumis fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life , a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her .	naumi , 32 , who was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school .
bernard , 53 , would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister .	the first lady said in a statement she was ' lucky to have such a talented individual on my team ' .	jeremy has worked tirelessly to open the doors of the white house .
9 percent of women ages 15 to 44 were childless last year , according to researchers .	in 2012 , women ages 35 to 39 were childless in 2014 , the highest it 's ever .
chris roberts , who featured in a string of fox news reports , was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse , new york , on wednesday night by two fbi agents and two uniformed officers .	roberts has been featured on the fox news television show on the record with greta van susteren .
terry carter , 55 , was sentenced to five years in prison .	he is being held on a wheelchair and is being kept in jail .	he came to court last week after knight 's defense attorney said he was ' [UNK] .
women applying for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for asking a decent wage package .	a study found women routinely ask for 4 , 000 less for a typical job , but that this widens to up to 10 , 000 in more senior industries such as accountancy .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 2 - 1 in the fa cup last month .	dodd and dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a ' long - standing man ' .	the incident took place at anfield in march .
jean - marie le pen said nazi gas chambers were ' a detail of history ' .	the 87 - year - old has now said his marine - the leader of the front nationale - ' may want him dead ' but in response to suggestions he should step down from his position .
tessa cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test .	the sponge will be bouncier than ever after being frozen for 24 hours .	it will be even bouncier because this process boosts the moisture .
the bride - to - be at the top of a steep hiking trail in hawaii , known as stairway to heaven , was taken by surprise .	alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples ' touching proposal stories .
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening .	his motherbrandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro - life group tried to post to promote eli 's story .
kaden lum was gunned down in bremerton , washington , on march 28 , in front of his mother by an unidentified suspect who is still on the run .	just two weeks on from the horrific incident , the kitsap sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page .	it depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam .
messenger is currently 18 miles ( 29 .	8 miles ( 3km ) above mercury .	it is expected to smash into the planet 's surface on 30 april .	among the images sent back by messenger as its mission draws to an end .
carolyn thorpe , age 62 , was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in hiers - brouage .	her daughter sarah wright was also injured by the death of napoleon 's son .
edwin ' jock ' mee , 46 , who now lives in scotland , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , many of whom were young black women .	it is claimed that the divorced father - of - five went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon .
the 19 - year - old from hailsham , east sussex , surprised his partner emily - victoria canham , 18 , by telling her they would see niall horan , liam payne , harry styles and louis tomlinson in concert .	arsenal supporter mr boys , who is originally from haywards heath , is now planning to buy a new pair of train tickets to cardiff .
lawrence tynes has filed a lawsuit against the tampa bay buccaneers for $20million in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 .	the former kicker is seeking an additional $15 , 000 in damages and says the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices , equipment and surfaces unclean .
sir david was called for a 7 per cent boost to the nhs five - year plan .	the former head of the nhs has warned of a ' financial problem ' at the nhs .	he said it was vital for the nhs for there to be a ' political consensus ' .	sir david nicholson said it would be ' a significant financial [UNK] .
scooby 's flight was bound for newark , new york on thursday in newark , iowa , on thursday .	hillary clinton took the fast route home from iowa to the east coast in omaha , iowa .
dr ram manohar , 38 , is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013 , while working at wirral 's arrowe park hospital , liverpool crown court heard .	manohar is accused of sexually assaulting her in 2013 .	he said she knew manohar and , but she had no word of warning .
30pm on monday after it was dressed as a woman .	police say the cross - dressing robber entered the service station on monday .	police are investigating the armed robbery at a victorian .
rev richard coles rose to fame as half of the band the communards .	he is now a inspiration for the hero of the bbc church sitcom rev .	coles , 52 , is the regular on tv and radio .
curiosity landed on mars in 2012 in gale crater on mars .	it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet .	gale crater was once a giant lake in the middle of the planet .
leo bernal , 8 , was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city , california .	the 8 - year - old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples .
just one extra meal out a week raising the odds by six per cent .	eating out is associated with higher calorie , saturated fat and salt intake all causes .	researchers found 27 .	4 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week .
facinet keita , 31 , was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the 2012 olympics .	he claims his coaches told him he lost the fight ' like a baby ' .	he was refusing to leave the uk after he lost to an opponent from guam .
randy linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million in damages to an ohio mosque .	linn drove about two hours from his home in st .	joe , indiana , to suburban toledo on september 30 , 2012 , and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug .
kevin morton was found dead at his home in barrow - in - furness last year .	he could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter .	he was released on bail ahead of sentencing .
jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county on april 23 , 1990 .	the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open , and police hope a new reconstruction .
motorola 's gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs 50 more , at 249 .	99 - which is 50 cheaper than apple 's cheapest sport model .	it will then go on general sale online and has a 22mm black leather strap and costs 199 .
boxer amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car on a busy road in california .	the 28 - year - old was convicted for driving without due to his facebook page .	the boxer posted a picture of the boxer in the fremont area of san francisco .
sam petrinova , 27 , was furious after herboyfriend erik meldik 's prank , which went viral .	the 27 - year - old had burst into tears when she was stuck to a chair by his girlfriend .	he was told her dog was in the washing machine stunt .
a 13 - year - old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding ( stock image above ) .	the child marriage restraint act , passed in india during british rule in 1929 , specified that a girl must be 18 and a boy 21 before they can wed .	but the country has the second highest number of child marriages .
at over 50 locations of the kimpton hotel chain in the us , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room for the duration of their stay .	the hotel chain offers a special service for those feeling a bit .
countdown co - presenter rachel riley looked embarassed when the two contestants came up with the same eight - letter double entendre in the word game .	the former strictly come dancing star found herself stifling his laughter after drawing the words ' p*ss ' and ' a*se ' .
more than 1 , 000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law .	the 13 - year - old was in power , 4 , 000 cleaning clothes in trafalgar square .	more than 2 , 000 offences were placed on the statute .
the ancient sentiers de transhumance used for more than 1 , 000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures .	the hike was five to seven hours and happens to be the toughest trek in europe , which runs down the mountainous resort of porto .
secret service supervisor xavier morales , 48 , has been placed on indefinite administrative leave .	the female agent said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her .	morales , who was a manager in the agency 's security clearance division , was due to start this week .
home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit .	when being compared to their prior purchase price , only 8 .	6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32 .	6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32 .	3 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32 .	3 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32 .	3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price .
teenage victim , cortez berry , was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth , georgia , for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery .	it shows the 18 - year - old berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding the leash .
almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english , maths and science departments .	school leaders warn the ' bleak ' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and ' greater competition ' for graduates among employers .
hizb ut - tahrir has been jailed in egypt for his commitment to the group .	several british men linked to isis are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at uk universities four years ago .
the boeing 777 - 300er was forced to turn back into its flight from southern china to addis ababa .	the plane was carrying 283 people and 14 crew members from guangzhou , china when it had to change course and refuel .
footage shows the moment an unusual ' apocalyptic ' dust storm , known in arabic as a haboob , struck belarus .	china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year .
the inspector general 's report found the dea agents went to sex parties with prostitutes in the u.s. .	the ten agents had sex parties and government reform committee chairman jason chaffetz .
liberal democrats will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament from cradle to college .	unlike tory and labour plans , spending would rise per pupil with an extra 460 , 000 schoolchildren expected in next five years and also in line with inflation from 2018 .
the typed note was sent by german president karl doenitz on may 8 , 1945 .	it was seized from luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested that day .	the wwi fighter ace had been put in charge of the luftwaffe .
h5n2 bird flu virus found at a farm in northwest iowa 's osceola county - prompting a massive bird cull .	seven other midwestern states have also been hit by the virus , dooming nearly 7 .	8 million turkeys and chickens since march .
romans , the kingdom of naples , the venetian republic , the ottoman empire , during the second world war , the italians and germans have all left their mark .	you will find charming family - run tavernas that make the island a foodie .
the irish student allegedly raped by jason lee , a wall st banker in the hamptons told how she used ' every ounce of strength left inside me ' to throw him off whilst he violently assaulted her .	the 22 - year - old said she was left in a state of ' disbelief ' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault .
malia , first lady michelle obama , said she was taught how to live in the world like normal kids .	she was released by ray 's program for the family of her mother .
sofinar gourian , popularly known as ' safinaz' , was fined 15 , 000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant .	she is expected to spend six months in prison for ' insulting the flag ' .
arlette ricci , 74 , was sent to prison for trying to hide her daughter .	the multi - millionaire owner of the nina ricci was accused of trying to steal her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc bank .	the daughter of the daughter , 51 , was also convicted of attempted burglary .
the water is extracted from californian artichokes , a plant rich in health - boosting silymarin and cynarin .	flavoured with spearmint and apple , the 30 - calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit .
tara hills said she and her husband have been in the anti - misinformation vaccine .	the vaccine has reduced the number of whooping cough cough in the past year .	the misinformation of the illness has caused the infection .
kim - who has struggled with substance abuse in the past - then headed to a bathroom and refused to come out .	the reality star had to be dragged out of the restrooms and taken to a local jail where she kicked a police officer and drunk in public .
bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham in kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile .	but later in the evening dew returned to his friend 's home , claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from herne bay .	officers said he was likely to have been left feeling vulnerable after being mugged in his own home .
luke lazarus , a 23 - year - old former private school boy , was jailed for three years .	lazarus said he was ' developing ' a ' new risky behaviour ' education program .
the hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader steve blanda , who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade .	there is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger .
annabel annabel , nine , was playing outside the family 's texas home with her sisters abigail , now 10 , in december , 2011 .	her mother , kevin , said she ' went to heaven ' when she was rushed to cook children 's hospital in fort .
naz shah , a mother - of - three , said she was forced to marry her cousin in pakistan before being sexually abused when she was 15 years old .	mr galloway 's respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ' nikah' , or marriage .
the 29 - year - old chelsy davy , 29 , stepped out in the royal wedding of prince harry spanning six years until they called it a day in may 2010 .	the pair were spotted together recently at duke of northumberlands park over the weekend .
operation xeres will focus on alleged abuse at skegby hall children 's home .	the inquiry will have a team of 20 people looking into the abuse claims .	three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth in nottinghamshire .
realtors in the city are looking to see what 's not the midwestern city 's home - - a 26 , 000 - square - foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a 24 - year - old .
richard howarth , 35 , says he has to change the channel or he becomes physically sick .	he says he gets so agitated when he sees mr farage 's voice makes him ' physically sick ' .	mr howarth says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking .
dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict .	a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra - red a rays and others say they protect the skin from the inside .
49 - year - old thomas k .	jenkins of capitol heights , maryland , was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george 's county sheriff 's office .	police say jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in maryland on march 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled .
up to 100 islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life .	a group of teachers punished children by making them kneel on the tiles .	more than 50 teachers - called the park view brotherhood - also alleged .
the woman yelled ' end the ecb dictatorship! '	before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi .	the woman was 21 and from hamburg , germany , in frankfurt , germany .
island is known for its zesty spices and self - sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk .	heading west: rosemary spent a week on grenada , where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available meat and fish are plentiful and skin - up , which is a caribbean version of a peach .
the bogan shire council is aiming to erect in the town of nynganto honour the aussie icon - and hopefully draw in the crowds .	the man behind it all is graeme burke who is the manager of engineering services for the council and this is his design for the statue .
flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry ring doughnut .	the chocolate truffle or mini raspberry coffee is best paired with a chelsea bun .	the classic english ring doughnut is best drunk with a fruity espresso .
more than four million people have been tortured by their mother and her boyfriend .	at least 100 people were assaulted by the children 's mother , a priest and her partner , who attacked them and fed them drugs .	more than seven million people around the world have fled the uk .
the imf said the state will continue to return the country to the black in the past .	the imf predicts that there will still be a deficit of 2 .	2billion the first since 2001 .
hundreds of customers will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers .	wonga has been accused of trying to clean up its tarnished image .	it will be ordered to pay 2 .	2million in the compensation of customers .
vincent cianni , a new york - based documentary , has spent three years traveling the u.s. .	he says he was discharged from the army national guard in 2010 because of his sexuality in the military because of the military .
kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , 39 , left a north las vegas home where a 3 - year - old girl was found dead and a 4 - month - old ex - convict .	police believe phillips and lachaux abandoned the house several weeks or months ago .
ms bishop was in perth over the easter holidays to meet wives and partners of sas members , while shoe designer jimmy choo , who is the tourism ambassador for malaysia , is currently in the west australian city to host his first ever australian masterclass .
sonia pereiro - mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses .	she claims she was owed 450 , 000 when she became pregnant .	she said she was expecting her first child in goldman sachs .
cordula schacht is representing joseph goebbels ' estate in the case against random house germany and its imprint sidler .	the dispute comes after peter longerich , a leading authority on the holocaust and nazi germany in 2010 .
the train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121 , near the town of trenton , shortly after 8 .	30pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks .	the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic , nitrogen - based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air .
uk clocked up growth of 2 .	8 per cent in the group of seven industrialised nations .	the uk is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest .
anthony mann , 78 , was given a two year suspended sentence after admitting he stabbed his sick wife to death after she begged him to ' bring her suffering ' .	the 78 - year - old was spared jail after pleading guilty to murder of his wife .
mother - of - 13 annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , is due to give birth to quadruplets at the age of 65 .	the mother previously conceived following 18 months of fertility .
chourdary was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk .	he was released from prison after serving part of his 11 - month term for breaching a terrorist offence .
prime minister to be prime minister without taking part in tonight 's debate .	ed miliband said he was ' ducking ' the chance to defend his record in government .	mr cameron said the debate will be ' the worst of the deal ' .
bizarre search is now unfolding on queensland 's gold coast as authorities try to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs .	snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large - predatory boa has inclusion body disease ' it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia' .
the cardinal who led the service at the historic cologne cathedral urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co - pilot andreas lubitz who is widely blamed for ' deliberately ' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit .
burger king , which has launched its summer menu , has branched out from run - of - the - mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie .	the new concept is called ' good evenings' .
hogle zoo found themselves with a tiny red - headed charge when eve , a bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth .	now 5 months old , the 14 - inch , 11 - pound tuahis starting to crawl .	now 5 months old , the 14 - inch , 11 - pound tuahis starting to crawl .
william beggs was described by police at the time of his conviction in 2001 .	beggs is serving a life sentence for raping , murdering and dismembering barry wallace , 18 , in 1999 .
three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo .	only just over half ( 53 per cent of 2 , 070 adults polled said they didn't know who led british forces against france in the battle the survey .
saudi arabia 's leadership is furious that siti zainab 's family was not notified before her execution this morning .	amnesty international says her killing in the holy islamic city of media this morning ' smacks of a basic lack of humanity' .
march , 40 , in new york , has been having an affair with his assistant elyse flay , who 's 28 .	march , march , the couple are contesting the prenuptial agreement .
rising number of firms in the uk are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs .	two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol ( thc ) .	cannabis plants and leaves contain high levels of thc .
downing street said he was jealous of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street .	mr cameron has been accused of trying to keep his hair looking forward .
in france , the number of anti - semitic acts were carried out around the world last year .	in january this year , four hostages were killed in the anti - jewish attack .
rachel simpson , 15 , was diagnosed last year with a one - in - a - million genetic disorder .	she has a mutation of the gata2 gene , which means a sufferer 's blood count might be low , making them more vulnerable to infection .	alternatively , the blood cells might be abnormal , leading to leukaemia .
police are believed to have identified one of the men in the hatton garden raid .	the gang had dug into the vault over a long island in la in los angeles .	police have said the gang could have been inspired by the raiders .
increase in demand for coloured stones , such as rubies , has seen their prices soar .	demand has seen value of coloured stones rise by more than 2 , 000 per cent over the last decade .
the hague is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer 's girl with a pearl earring , the historic centre .	the parliament building has a moat/canal , which slows down deferentially .
scott , 50 , and pierre fulton , his friend of several years , had met for breakfast on april 4 before scott drove him to a church so fulton could collect a bag of vegetables .	he then took fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to scott 's house .
the image was taken by a commuter rail station in new york city .	the quadruple rainbow was formed in a tri - state city area .	she was waiting for the long island railroad at the glen cove station .
willa junior is the seattle - tacoma baggage handler who fell asleep in the cargo hold of a plane earlier this month , and became trapped inside when the plane took off making headlines: junior , who appears to be in his early 20s according to facebook , wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice: ' i mean when i first started the job , we took naps .
30 to 14 , 000 orbits were combined to create a 3d map .	it is the only experiment that can do it with just one pass .	this is in contrast to the blue 1 , 34 gigabytes of mars .
kyle wittstock , 22 , died in a garage door of a house on linksman street in yanchep , perth , by a strong wind at approximately 3 .	30pm on monday afternoon .	the 22 - year - old left behind a fiance and a nine - week - old daughter , who he referred to as his ' little lion cub ' in facebook posts .
ford has been working on the concept for the first time in the final stages of the world 's most famous supercar .	the model was composed by ford designers who worked on the design for the 260 , 000 gt .	ford has said it is not trying to breakaway from its most design .
the girl , who has not been named , attends school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo - sharing service .	the sheriff 's department is helping to guard the girl .
the 31 - year - old boasted of tucking into the delicacy in norway .	she said she ate whale at the 123 - a - night hotel in north - west norway .	the duchess of cambridge 's younger sister said she is helping the whale meat .
a woman was arrested on the streets of her family hotel in grafton , grafton police .	the woman was reportedly caught threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' .	the altercation took a formal complaint about the woman approaching the scene .
amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husbanddanny egan for their film the r - word .	she was inspired to create the film by her sister gabrielle , who has down syndrome .
anorexia has a bmi of 18 and criminalising pro - anorexia .	anorexia has the highest rates of any population of anorexia in the brain .	the results are likely to be unlikely to have little effect .
almost half of 1 , 000 obese workers are ' lazy ' and ' unable to play a full role ' in the business' , according to the european court of justice 's advocate general .	among the reasons given were that overweight workers are unable to do the job .
sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered the elderly woman 's accounts before spending tens of thousands on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos and hmv .	he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits , before secretly taking out two life insurance policies .
mother of jihadi bride khadijah dare , from lewisham in south london , also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout christian as a child but turned to islam while at college .	mrs dare , who is in syria , is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a westerner .
ferrari driver was left counting the cost in adelaide after crashing his newly - purchased , uninsured sports car into a tree in the adelaide suburb of north brighton .	the crash involving the 1991 ferrari 348 , worth between $90k and $110k and sporting ' plesur ' number plates , took place at around 8 .	25pm on king george avenue .	the passenger was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to flinders medical centre .
george costello jr is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a ' mixed - up ' kid .	iona 's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack , and she is believed to have been ' under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages .
some have been awol from the prison for as long as 10 years , according to the ministry of justice .	he was jailed for 15 months in 2005 and has been missing since 2010 .
ed miliband suggested he would ' abolish ' the ' non - doms plan ' .	later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on the capital 's property market .	labour 's plans to allow wealthy foreigners to lower their tax bills .
robert hardy is selling paintings , furniture , swords , flintlock rifles , silverware and a fine collection of antiques which is set to fetch up to 4 , 000 at the auction on saturday .	mr hardy , 89 , is also an expert on the history of the battle of agincourt .
joshua van haften , 34 , of madison , was arrested at o'hare international airport in chicago on wednesday .	he has now been charged in connection with attempting to cross the turkey - syria border from turkey .	he was sentenced to eight years in prison in a criminal charge .
a university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory .	it suggests temperatures at earth 's equator were - 40c ( - 40f ) 2 .	4 billion years ago .	it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons .
dubai is renowned for dubai as the playground of the city 's middle east .	the 2 , 500 - seat venue is anticipated to be complete in 2017 .	dubai has a rapidly developing cultural underside .
ministry of defence 1 , also known as churchills toyshop , was set up in 1939 by winston churchill .	it was a series of robust fortifications built in which it was used in the world war two years ago .	churchill was the conservative candidate for the first time since 1944 .
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany - based firm esooka .	it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists .	the app keeps a record of a user 's personal radiation including exposure .
lloyd byfield , 48 , pursued a relationship with 26 - year - old leighann duffy before he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife and smashed his way into her flat in walthamstow , east london , on september 1 last year .	after pleading guilty to murder , he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26 - and - a - half years by judge nicholas cooke .
nationwide strike follows action by french air traffic controllers .	now workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout in a solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country in union - led protests against public spending cuts .
emily reay , of trinity school , says she will return to school with her hair .	she claims she has ' sported the same colour of hair ' for the last three years .	she says she plans to tone down her hair colour .
mohamed morsi and 13 other defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013 .	the u.s. embassy in cairo said it was ' rabaa .
the photo was taken by jon palmer from the cheese house in the town of dornoch , who tweeted: ' it is in the process of being knocked to the ground ' .	it was posted on twitter and has been knocked down the ground .
glenna kohl was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005 .	she was diagnosed in november 2008 after a painful cancer battle .	her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning .
white house declined to give embattled drug enforcement administration chiefmichele leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign .	her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information .	armed with once - confidential documents , a spokeswoman for the republican majority at the house committee on oversight and government reform told reuters today .
darwin man , aged just 42 , had been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died , according to nt news .	he was given a tribute to his wife and his wife , shannan , and his family , including son shannan and his father .
breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women , claiming nearly 41 , 000 lives a year .	annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care , because cancer is easier to treat if detected early .
the prime minister said voters were not fully sure about the tories at the last election .	he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority , before adding: if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded .
philip kirby , 33 , was jailed for eight years in prison for raping her at knifepoint and left fearing for her life .	he was released from prison after pleading guilty to raping her last year .	he defied a restraining order to phone her .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced victim michael spalding , 39 , to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer .	he then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put mr spalding 's body parts and tools into two suitcases .	bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender following the four - week trial .
russian president vladimir putin says russia has key interests in common with the u.s. and needs to work with it on a ' common agenda ' .	putin said the united states and russia have a common agenda of general efforts directed at making the world order more democratic .
mandy dunford , 54 , was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences .	he has been released from prison and allowed to return to his home to return home .
the soldiers were laid to rest in prowse point cemetery in flanders fields , belgium .	little has been given a field burial after they were killed in october 1914 .	they were given a burial with full military honours .
drinks are said to have health benefits , some brands contain more than a days recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving .	the local government association , which represents councils that are responsible for public health , accused soft drink firms of dragging their heels when it comes to minimising sugar in their products .
oshun caf will serve 6 bowls of berry bowls .	the acai berry bowl cafe will serve four types of antioxidants bowls .	due to the diet of native amazonian people .	the berries are considered a superfood .
rosemary taylor , communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia , made the ' racist ' remark to dominique jones at the local creek two weeks ago .	she has been fired for less than a month .
francis pusok fled his home in san bernardino county , california , on monday .	he was released from jail on thursday after he was beaten by police .	he fled his house in southern san bernardino , california on thursday .
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening .	his motherbrandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro - life group tried to post to promote eli 's story .
16 - year - old told nbc he believes everyone on the tulsa force is to blame for his father the april 2 death of his father eric harris and says ' they should all go down ' .	bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 .
the images , captured between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh owen , have surfaced after being put up for auction - and could fetch up to 30 , 000 .	it became part of the site for the bristol brewery georges before that was closed in 1999 and later turned into a block of flats .
mike keen said he would ' abolish ' the 200 - year - old rule for non - doms .	but in january ed balls said he was ' officially confused ' over whether it would cost the country money .
the author , a cambridge university professor , sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality .	it 's prompted me to do the tape , including 15 , 521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising .
socialist mp guillaume garot , the author of the study , said while the popular us practice was previously ' unthinkable ' for snooty diners and chefs , a change in attitudes could save france up to 20 billion each year .
elite troops were called in from nairobi to garissa , some225miles from the capital , to aid in the pre - dawn attack on the university , but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon , local media claims .	government representatives have defended the long response time , comparing fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as ' they only remember the one you missed' .
prime minister david cameron and george osborne make a visit to poole , dorset .	mr cameron was appearing in bristol and bath science park at 4 .	40pm . he was speaking at the bristol and sunny bristol .
robert durst faces murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana .	he was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman .	durst has pleaded guilty to murder charges .
surgeons from the australian charity , interplast , worked last march to save the sight of little baby seng , from vientiane , laos , inspirational burns survivor turia pitt watched on .	turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes .	that 's because she knows that if she lived in a country like seng's , she wouldn't be here .
the space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend .	that 's more than the $483m record set by the final harry potter film - harry .
robert penny , 83 , charged with murder of two women in victoria , melbourne .	penny was found dead at the melbourne magistrates court on monday .	he has been charged with two counts of murder in 2006 .
the 28 - year - old has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ' lose some weight , baby girl' ' .	the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ' comfortable in their own skin' .
the hollywood siren called 34 ennismore gardens her ' little london retreat ' and now a slice of it could be yours for 10 , 500 per week through the key hole: .	the apartment features two stunning reception rooms , a study and a modern state - of - the art kitchen and breakfast room .
lily james has worn more than 300 , 000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion .	from 3 , 000 jimmy choo shoes to a 35 , 000 gown and a 40 , 000 necklace , claudia connell and eliza scarborough .
two men and one woman can be seen entering the home through the kitchen , peeking and even tip - toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty house .	police believe the three burglars were 17 to 20 years .
suzy howlett , 54 , who specialises in teaching foreign - born children english , has embarrassed husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook over their spelling , punctuation and grammar .	in one section mr tanswell and ms snook promise that ukip will ' take back control of our boarders ' - so the teacher wrote in red: ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house' .
timothy rogalski , fromwallingford , connecticut , called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone .	the 30 - year - old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday .	they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said .	police said they now consider the case to be closed .
seven of slager 's fellow officers responded to his call forback - up after the shooting .	but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body .	slager and haberdasham stand over scott 's body .
study found that britons selling their properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine .	buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices , it is claimed .
miliband described himself as a ' jewish atheist' ' but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes .	mr miliband was joined by labour peer baroness lawrence , whose son steven was murdered in 1993 .
the maths problem designed for 14 - year - olds that baffled people around the world .	those who did not manage to work out the cryptic clues that were designed to lead them towards the fictional cheryl 's birthday .	it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out the question .
helen dunn , a mother - of - two , was just 17 years old at the time of the shoot .	she was shocked to discover her nature of the cover of a raunchy lads mag span .
charlie kwentus , a father - of - two , was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago .	his wife says she still finds it difficult to walking them down the aisle at their weddings .	the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day .
sam waley - cohen could be called sam - after the jockey that helped the duke and duchess of cambridge rekindle their romance .	bookmakers have slashed odds on the name sam - which could be used for samuel or samantha - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby .
xiao ying , 17 , was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city by a cleaner .	the mother of the girl said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant and wanted to ' forget the entire [UNK] .
the prime minister said he will amend the working times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a ' school governor ' .	but business leaders criticised the move asheavy - handed government intervention .
claims against clinton , secretary of state from 2009 - 13 , are laid out in clinton cash , due to be published may 5th by harpercollins .	bombshell: clinton cash is set to spell out a trend whereby big money donors to the clinton foundation found u.s. policies coming out of the state department shift in their favor introducing the book .
latika bourke had a blissfully happy childhood running around care - fee with her seven siblings in their backyard in regional australia .	she was adopted and starting a new life in the lucky country as an eight month old baby .	but that all changed when she watched the movie slumdog millionaire and realised how profoundly different her life would have been if her new parents didn't take her in their arms .
australia 's population growth will slow to 1 .	25 per cent over the last three years due to low birth rates , high death rate and falling net migration .	this is significantly 530 , 000 fewer homes in markets where construction supply has been strong .
keith boudreau , 42 , was pronounced dead on friday morning .	he was taken to hospital with life - threatening injuries following the attack .	he died from his injuries after the attack and was removed from life support on monday , according to a court .
the research was designed by in - flight entertainment company .	it can also be a way to take your eyes off the aircraft .	the device could be used to detect the movement of the horizon .
73 - year - old was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes .	he was running five or six miles a day , and didn't have a sweet tooth .	hewas struck by michel montignac 's book , dine out and lose weight .	the problem can lead to blindness , kidney damage and carbohydrates .
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart 's throat as he shot him in the head .	the 41 - year - old lover , gregory smart , was convicted of plotting the murder .	smart is serving life without parole sentence .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane .	kim sears , 52 , and kim erskine , 27 , are close friends with andy 's grandmother .	kim 's reply to the town 's initials of the couple 's initials and wedding .
angelo west , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer john moynihan , 34 , under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver - side door .	west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street .	west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street .
residents on greville street say they had suspicious power cuts .	they also claim to have heard drilling noises on the evening of good friday .	it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after initial robbery .
the stormy weather system , formed in the tasman sea , hasn't hit nsw this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever .	east coast lows are particularly common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter .	they can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain , causing flash flooding and riverine flooding .
craig hicks is charged with three counts of first - degree murder in the february 10 killings of 23 - year - old deah shaddy barakat; barakat; his wife , 21 - year - old razan mohammad abu - salha .	ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands .
kealeigh - anne woolley , 28 , spent most of her life in a relationship with her mother .	she was left blind , unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by colin heath in january 2000 .	miss woolley was jailed for three years and two months at birmingham crown court .
ben gomori chose to insult the wearer of the shirt , calling him a ' f****** p**** ' .	he was photographed wearing a t - shirt with the words ' eat sleep rape repeat' .
conrad clitheroe , from stockport , is in a cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro - also from greater manchester .	the 54 - year - old 's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication but claims guards ' don't care' .	none of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from dubai .
lisa morgan , 40 , altered the top of the world roofing site to expose her cheating ex - girlfriend altered the page to shame him .	lisa morgan , 40 , altered the top of the world roofing site to expose her cheating ex boyfriend , sean meade miss morgan said the updated site had brought in more views than ever before .
paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords .	the next wave of passwords will be edible , ingestible or injectable or edible verification systems .	paypal said it would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers .
papamoa beach , a popular bay of plenty destination , was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark swam around in only a few feet of water .	swam back out to sea in the last fatal shark attack in new zealand waters .
chris ball repeatedly said no one should take his own life for his mother , four siblings and his girlfriend .	her brother jayden , who is only one year , and his stepfather , maddy , found his body along with a usb stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of beds .
exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16 - year - olds which they said would make content more contemporary .	some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15 - rated foreign film , while others will look at spanish tweets on the olympic games .
the former virginia first lady was convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting $165 , 000 in gifts and loans from ex - star scientific inc .	ceo bob mcdonnell , who has been convicted of accepting more than [UNK] , 000 for gifts and gifts from former star bob mcdonnell .	the six - year - old was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife to one year .
sheffield university have identified six different types of obese person .	researchers at the university of sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity .	the distinction , they hope , will allow for tailor - made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight .
more than 1 .	1 million children have took part in a study by goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university in the u.s. .	more than 13 , 000 twins aged nine to 16 were found in the study .
andrew o'clee , 36 , wed in a ' safe house ' on the social networking site .	he was jailed for eight months after a court heard about the web of ' lies and forgery ' .	he had been jailed for bigamy after admitting bigamy .
96 per cent of women chose the ' average ' sex on the spot .	samantha says she is ' beautiful ' and ' fabulous ' .	samantha has received death threats for standing up .
ralph cramer , 70 , and his wife , lynn , 59 , were returning home from the creekside caf in mount joy at about 9 p .	m . on sunday when the accident occurred .	first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries .
several dea agents were taking part in the ' sex parties ' in colombia .	they were suspended for between two and 10 days after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments .
everardo custodio , 22 , opened fire on a group of others in logan square .	the driver , who has a firearm owners identification card , acted in self - defense .	everado custodio , 47 , was taken to hospital after the incident .
slave - caught seafood from there to thailand where it can then enter the supply chains of some of u.s. retailers .	those who say they wanted to leave the island of benjina .
tony lopez lozano , 35 , was charged with the august 2013 murder of his boyfriend , brian romo , after fatally stabbing romo in the heart following an argument at their oregon city home , the oregonianreports .	lozano pleaded guilty to first - degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and , on monday , a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison for fatally stabbing his boyfriend .
virgin galactic hopes to launch a new version of spaceshiptwo by the end of the year .	co - pilot michael alsbury was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 .	virgin galactic has not named this vehicle .
red ute driver has been armed with a weapon at a set of a red ute .	the ute motorist has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $2000 fine .	police are investigating the incident .
dermatologistdawn , from the mayo clinic in minnesota , warns the disease is not the only health danger associated with the virus .	once a person is infected with the tanning beds , it can cause a new episode of painful genital herpes .
sarah fox , 27 , was found by police on thursday night , just hours before her 57 - year - old mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away in bootle , merseyside .	merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .	police are now appealing for the public 's help to track down mr fox .
detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman 's house in bonny hills on the nsw north coast on monday afternoon , thedaily telegraphreports .	the three - year - old was last seen dressed in a spider - man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in a quiet street in kendall last september .
oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from ' 90s television sitcom ' the fresh prince of bel - air . '	the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1 .	7 million times on youtube .
footage taken last monday in forrestville in northern sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an ac & s truck tailgating , yelling and flashing his lights aggressively , nearly crashing into the back of a small subaru car .	the incident started on warringah road and continued for 8 . 5km .
researchers in oxford tested their theory using a 10 - hertz current on the brain 's of 20 volunteers to stimulate brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations .	alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 hertz .
aydian aydian is the transgender man who is the ' transgender man ' in the cover of men 's health miles .	he is poised to grace the magazine 's first transgender cover star , who said he is ' designed to find a ' man ' and ' [UNK] .
cathryn parker , 72 , has been under at least in los angeles .	she has been sent back to los angeles to find a false name .	parker has been convicted of identity theft .
sue sim , who came to national prominence five years ago , said she was ' sad ' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family .	it was announced last month that ms sim was to be investigated by police .
david silva and wayne rooney have been banned from the premier league .	the manchester united striker was banned from repeating the knock - down goods .	the players were also interested in the messages .
pink is the new colour of choice for high - achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness .	the pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink , according to sunday .
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ' bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train about 1 .	40pm on wednesday .	ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence .
john tuite , 22 , and carlossantolalla , 25 , go by the brangelina - like portmanteaujarlos .	they have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city 's clubs .
shezoy bleary allegedly attacked 31 - year - old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am .	copeland , a former player for the new york knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on wednesday .
derek osborne was forced to dress up in her mother 's lingerie at the age of nine .	the mother - of - two was abused as a child by her step - father but never revealed her past until her partner rob , 34 , who guessed she had been abused and helped to put derek behind bars .
the 34 - year - old reality star explained that she is creating an ' archive ' of her most infamous outfits , which she stores in clear plastic bags , because she is keen on the idea of north inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older .	she wore last may to wed kanye west in florence , italy , as the ' prize piece ' in her clothing collection .
steve smith has become britain 's largest single - price discount retailer .	poundland has become europe 's biggest single - tax retailer .	it has become world 's largest high - level retailer .
newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc 's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years .	nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six - month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the iraq war in 2003 .
two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights .	his comments follow revelations that two tsa employees were shot for manipulating the body scanners .
mr body art is planning to ' be the person i want to be ' in his own business .	he says he has been forced to go ahead of a bid to ' get ' out ' lib dem ' .	mr whelan said his nipples were ' stained and a ' [UNK] .
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will today find out if their last - ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed .	a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pairs lawyers can challenge indonesian president joko widodos decision to deny the two australians clemency .
scientists measured the temperature of ' hot jupiter ' hd 189733b .	they found the temperature reaches up to 3 , 000c in the atmosphere ( shown in diagram ) .	it is located in the constellation vulpecula in the night sky - also known as the little fox .
the driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas .	the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze .
dashcam footage shows officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock .	the buffalo , named big boy , has taken to the other side of the road .
the glass is made from synthetic sapphire , which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder .	it used to be rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer .
hollywood actress carey mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia .	her grandmother margaret booth has revealed her anger at how dismissively dementia sufferers are treated .	mulligan , a patron of the alzheimer 's society and said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years .
the world has been amazed by the story of a german pensioner who is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65 .	annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: ' i want to have a little brother or sister .
gary barlow is preparing for his musical finding neverland to open and the new tour - opening in new york on wednesday .	he has revealed that jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates on their new tour .
terry carter , co - founder of death row records , has denied killing terry carter and trying to kill cle ' bone ' sloan in a parking lot in compton on january 18 .	police say the rap mogul growled ' i'm going to kill you ' before ' everything went black' .
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60 - tonne rigs .	one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road .	the truck driver said his colleagues were taking drugs on victoria 's roads .	a worrying video appeared online in february exposing a truck driver .
four in ten britons have an average 77 of the stuff lying around because they have not returned it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy , a survey shows .	43 per cent said they could not be bothered by the refund .
the victims were lured to britain but were ' treated like dogs ' in the uk .	they were ' living with dogs ' and ' treating the dogs ' on the promise of a ' better life ' .	court heard how the workers were threatened with violence if they failed to comply .
the 13 - year - old was shot dead by isis snipers in the syrian capital of damascus .	the teenager was shot and killed as she made her way through the southern streets .
holly beard , holly , holly , 27 , from adderley green , lost 11st 9lb in june last year .	she went on a joint diet plan and lost 11st 7lb to a slim 11st 7lb in january .
sea plane is like a turquoise lava lamp as lagoons meet the ocean with swirls and circles of staggering beauty .	sand as soft as flour and cerulean sea: penny is hard pushed to find fault with her week in the maldives at the jetty .
lindex opened its first uk store in westfield stratford on march 27 .	also brought in 22 - year - old t - shirts , 22 , and ethiopia - born liya kebede .	will go to mum and child charities .
former royal chef darren mcgrady said that when the royal princes were children .	william and harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet .	mr mcgrady said they were ' fed up ' with the princes ' palettes' .
government has approved funding for cambridgeshire - based mole solutions to develop the idea as an alternative to the conventional systems of transporting goods by road .	the plan , called the mole urban project , aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres .
jodie bredo , 26 , from essex , has been a kate lookalike for six years .	the 26 - year - old wishes the duchess of cambridge would ' dress more fun ' .	started her career after splitting from her boyfriend .
families in the uk are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations .	the uk was singled out as having a ' problem with household debt ' .	survey of 2 , 000 people found that the two - thirds of british adults .
16 - year - old told nbc he believes everyone on the tulsa force is to blame for his father the april 2 death of his father eric harris and says ' they should all go down ' .	bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 .
mccluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in british politics .	he has denied that he has too much influence over ed miliband 's union .	mccluskey 's determination to influence unite is supporting labour .
her ex - boyfriend , gianni van , 45 , was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out gonzalo ramirez at the bar where she met him .	prosecutors say van killed ramirez as revenge for raping his on - and - off girlfriend norma esparza .
' i'm getting married next week and i'm having doubts , is that normal ? '	said one user asks: ' my long term girlfriend is bad in bed ' .	for confidential support call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch , see www .	samaritans . org .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe spotted smoking a balloon in the past few days .	raheem sterling , jordon ibe and jordon walker have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe .	sterling has been seen smoking from a balloon filled with a nitrous oxide .
andreja pejic has revealed that she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem special or interesting once she completed her transition into a woman .	she said she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just a girl .	she was born in what is known as bosnia - herzegovina .
ashley king - paving the way for a burger - king wedding .	joel burger , 24 , proposed to ashley king 's 23 - year - old girlfriend ashley king .	the couple posed for a set of professional burger king .
comres survey of 4 , 000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the prime minister than that of ed miliband during the election campaign .	a separate poll of marginal seats by the former tory treasurer lord ashcroft suggests that ukips vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches .
the breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor .	us scientists found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ' great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 .	mcelroy said she was ' mortified ' and ' in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done , she wrote in a column for thewashington post .	respected drexel university law professor lisa mcelroy , 50 , who made national headlines last month after accidentally emailing her students a porn link .
the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the anzac brand by the department of veteran affairs .	forty - four items were allowed to use the word anzac , which stands for the australian and new zealand army corp .	woolworths , and online sites teespring , zazzle , zazzle and redbubble were reprimanded for using the term anzac .
the 19 - year - old men took the birds to a tower block in walsall , west midlands .	the birds were also jammed into drawers , squeezed to death and even chased by a dog , walsall magistrates court heard .
dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p .	m . on thursday following a tip - off about someone driving erratically in the local area .	one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver , it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash .	the woman , who has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol .
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday .	it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years .	officials say it 's not immediately clear would be done with the decomposing carcass after the examination .
jessica silva 's ex partner , james polkinghorne sent her a text message threatening to ' cave her f***ing head in ' and ' bash the f*** ' out of her before arriving at her marrickville home fuelled on ' ice ' on mothers day in 2012 .	fearing for her life , ms silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said , ' mum , the psycho is coming .
the world 's largest cattle station is in adelaide for sale in south america .	the sale is being sold by the family business s .	kidman . the business has employed 170 , 000 square kilometres and has 155 , 000 cattle .
two women aged 47 and 22 and two men aged 24 and 22 were held at manchester airport in the early hours of a morning .	they were stopped at the turkish border with syria on april 1 .
the first lady and ' grandmother - in - chief' , marian robinson , had a mother - daughter bonding lunch in greenwich village .	the two sat down for a meal at lupa , a small italian eatery on thompson street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul mario batali .
aeman presley , 53 , allegedly killed three men in a parking garage in atlanta .	he was shot on her way home from los angeles to atlanta last month .	presley is set to appear in front of a dekalb county judge .	he faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in atlanta , atlanta .
alanna and stephan goetzinger 's third daughter was meant to go like the previous two - an intimate family moment that took place in a wading pool their bedroom at home , lit by candles .	instead , the night turned to tragedy when the little girl rana died either during birth or within minutes afterwards .	coroner james mcdougall said that the midwife failed to adequately prepare for the rana 's birth , allowed the delivery to take place in ' unsafe conditions' .
the father - of - two died at the end of the herbs n spice takeaway in south shields .	he was named locally as tipu sultan , who lived in the area in the direction of tipu sultan 's father , who died in the shooting .	the investigation into the murder of tipu , and a man who died from the accident .
neil moore , 28 , was on remand in south - west london for 1 .	8million fraud .	he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at ' southwalk crown court ' .	moore 's escape motivated by moore 's fear he would be harmed .
vulcan will use new engines , mid - air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on - orbit manoeuvres .	the company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow spacex ' launch of falcon 9 , which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable .
second child in one or more hand - me - downs , with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling .	only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second .
cassandra cassidy had been stopped outside the addiction recovery centre where she worked shortly after 10pm on friday by two females ' afraid of males in a car' , police have said .	the fashion design student was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women , and died in hospital shortly afterwards .
andy murray beat tomas berdych in the miami open final on april 11 .	the 27 - year - old is due to tie the knot at the miami cathedral in april .	andy murray was defeated by long - term rival novak djokovic .
james tingley , 70 , was convicted of 25 to 50 years in prison on thursday .	he has been sentenced to life in prison in prison last year .	he is accused of sexually abusing at least seven girls .	tingley 's crimes span a period of 50 years of prison .
more than 30 drunk and disorderly university of kentucky fans were arrested near the school 's gathering in lexington , kentucky .	the wildcats faced off against the university of wisconsin badgers in saturday night 's semi - final on saturday night .
insurmountable costs keep us grounded most of the time .	travel doesnt come cheap , but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget or even get paid to do it .	all it takes is a few sacrifices , hard work , commitment and an outgoing personality .
gareth sigiriya is high on lists of places to visit in the indian ocean .	the prince of the tooth is the buddhas of ancient sri lanka .	in the right season you might see 200 elephants in the lake .
mai mach , 60 , has been charged with murdering four - year - old alistair mach in the backyard of her albanvale home in western melbourne last tuesday .	her grandson , alistair , 4 , was stabbed 18 times in his bed .
alan davey laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 .	he was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years . mr .
keir starmer , who was in charge of operation in north london , is in charge .	he pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law misconduct in the north london .
valencia 's vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body .	he was rushed to university of arizona medical center in serious condition .	police officer michael rapiejko , 50 , five times in the back .
houston owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate ' 370h55v ' - after the texan department for motor vehicles saw it spelled ' a**hole ' upside - down .	one driver thought they were so ' bada** ' they would tell the world - by applying for this irreverent license plate .
nina louise , 122 , was rescued from the pit bull after being rescued by her family .	her family is now reunited with her family where she is being given birth to her owners .	she was back at home with her puppies .
angela merkel and her husband have been enjoying holiday at the island ofisland , near naples in the mediterranean for over a decade .	the chancellor and her spouse have been spending easter on the south of the island healthy .
the royal county of berkshire polo has applied to launch its own range of accessories .	the berkshire polo club has quickly become one of britain 's most elite sporting venues since the beverly hills polo club .
mei ru , 50 , and her husband song ming , 53 , were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in the city of fuzhou , in fujian province , south east china .	cctv from the scene shows mr ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses , knocking him down before backing up over his body .
nigel farage caused controversy at the televised leaders debate last week by attacking the high cost of giving anti - retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in britain .	ed miliband said they were politics of the lowest form and chancellor george osborne , when asked , said he was not going to dignify that with a response .
britons apparently spend 815million a year to social media proof their wardrobe , with men forking out more than women .	the research into the rise of the ' insta - wardrobe' , whichpolled 2 , 000 adults , revealed nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi - tagged in the same outfit .
claudia alende , 21 , posted a picture of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary on good friday - the day the country 's 130million catholics solemnly remembered the crucifixion and death of .
charles collins , 28 , sprang into action at metro station in central philadelphia .	elderly alfred mcnamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails .	collins was pulled from the dangerous tracks in philadelphia .
the 45 - year - old was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault , unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment .	authorities said the company had no license in the u.s. .
sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , were in critical condition .	the family 's lawyer said the boys were in ' occupational condition ' .	the us environmental protection agency said there was ' a presence of methyl bromide ' in the unit .
the changes in the brain may have health implications in the size of the brain .	the study found it could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age , he adds .
black vases will be on sale after halloween , red and gold after christmas and pink after valentine 's day .	femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides - to - be .
tv host will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show have i got news for you later this month .	it is believed he was booked to appear on the comedy programme before he was dropped from top gear after a ' fracas ' with producer oisin tymon , one of the show 's producers .
gary saurage , the 45 - year - old runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning .	he appears to be looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away .
the first lady managed to combine spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy .	the white house kitchen garden was full of school children on wednesday afternoon as flotus oversaw a session of planting 15 - time grammy - nominated .
luxury ski company bramble ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier , switzerland .	it cost 3 , 700 for the grand pianos to be delivered - but the guests were requested .
khim hang , 22 , put on stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers .	the brisbane - based designer is heavily influenced by his parents ' escape from the khmer rouge in his family 's home .
manchester city fans were filmed singing a vile song in the munich air disaster outside old trafford .	the footage was taken by a city goalkeeper frank swift , who was working as a journalist .
pj and tracy spraggins lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney to his wife tracy , who was told she couldn't get a transplant .	the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow: his blood pressure was too high to the operation .
psychologists noted religious pilgrims overcome with excitement at being in close proximity to the city 's holy places believed they were biblical characters .	the condition , which was first reported in 2000 , often affects people with no history of mental health problems , livescience reports .
polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead threatening to all but wipe out labour north of the border .	sturgeon dominated the so - called challengers debate , and was deemed the best .
laura stevens ' photo series ' another november ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship .	the british photographer , 38 , who lives in paris , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up .	photographer said the project helped her deal with her own emotions .
manziel and colleen manziel were spotted together in public for the first time .	manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems .	crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to step out of rehab .
the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the oil explorer .	bg group has agreed to buy bg group in the planning to buy british gas .	bg has 5 per cent to 1 , 000 in the 1980s .
husband yin yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir - fried dishes as well as about 1 , 000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife , according to thepeople 's daily online .
the fire along the border of corona , california , resulted in hundreds of people to be told to leave the area over the weekend .	the fire burned in the prado dam flood control basin .
nathan baggaley , a former kayak world champion , was charged with assaulting a police officer at the byron bay local court on easter friday .	mr baggaley , who was taken back into custody , has been charged with serious drug charges .	he has been arrested and charged with supplying a prohibited substance to a prisoner in a toilet cubicle .
pippa , a 31 - year - old sister of the duchess of cambridge looked glamorous as she walked through the sunny streets of london on thursday night .	the brand is a regular columnist for the flat .
tia sharp was sexually assaulted and brutally murdered by her body in the loft .	twelve - year - old was living there with his partner , tia 's grandmother , 49 , and tia 's family .	police say it was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there in its place .
aubrey de grey says ageing is a ' disease that can and should be cured ' .	de grey has tapped a rich vein in silicon grey 's anti - ageing institute strategies for ' ageing ' and ' ageing is ' ageing .
israeli jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on thursday marking holocaust memorial day and 70 years since the liberation of the nazi death camps .	commemorations began at sunset on wednesday and were to continue thursday with israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at jerusalem 's yad vashem holocaust memorial , parliament and elsewhere .
ten - week - old qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china .	her mother told the people 's mother , she and her husband fed their daughter , she said .
photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event .	all attendees of the event can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears .
instagram accountjacques lamerde is dressing up junk food as fine dining to poke fun at high - end restaurants .	the dishes use cheap , everyday junk food , such as fritos and jimmy dean sausage patties .
representative of the long island university has been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are ' unlawfully [UNK] ' .	the university of new york is the first animals to be covered by a writ of habeas rights .
charnelle hughes , 20 , was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston reading a text message .	she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig .	the culprit jordan goode , also aged 20 , had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music .
chloe knapton , from holmfirth , west yorkshire , had to have surgery for her injuries .	she was taken to leeds general infirmary where she was rushed to hospital .	ms knapton has been left with deep wounds to her neck .
delroy facey is accused of conspiring with non - league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery .	facey is alleged to have tried to corrupt greater manchester - based hyde fc player .
more than 8 , 000 migrants took advantage of calmweather to cross the mediterranean over the past weekend .	it was also claimed the body of one migrant , who died on a italian coast guard , was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks .
' there are people who f****** die in that uniform ' .	the young man is seen on camera asking him a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training .	the stand - off between the two men almost comes to blows .
lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy .	the 25 - year - old twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency procedure .	mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed .	he was diagnosed with necrotising fasciitis .
ulysses beaudoin , 39 , is accused of killing his 22 - year - old son , 22 , and his mistress in the family 's home in katy , texas .	deputies say the father pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot him twice in the back .	he was pronounced dead at the scene from his injuries .
in england alone , there are more than 670 , 000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia .	in the final week of our major good health series on dementia , we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones .
the 51 - year - old actor , who grew up in manchester , played the doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the shows revival in 2005 .	he has previously hinted about a row with the shows bosses , saying of his tenure in the role: i didnt agree with the way things were being run , or like the culture that grew up around the series .
dog walker emerged from a home in toronto , canada , bound by handcuffs , badly bruised and naked from the waist down begging for help .	he wanted to call the police but had left his cell phone at home .
rafael correa , who was first elected in 2006 , is popular among ecuadorians .	ecuador 's leader is said to be able to speak fluent english - but seemingly failed to pick up the meaning of t - shirt .
the tunnel was not discovered until 6am on thursday night .	police are investigating the possibility of an insider helping the thieves .	police believe the robbers may have carried out the wall with what appeared to be four .
russian spy 's death may have been an ' accidental suicide ' after he inadvertently handled polonium .	the suspect , a former kgb agent , has agreed to give evidence at the inquiry into litvinenko 's death as long as he is given the right to examine secret evidence .
the mother of two - year - old boy , two , fell into the pit at the cleveland metroparks zoo on saturday .	the boy was rescued by his parents from the cheetah in the pit of the cheetahs at the zoo in the cleveland zoo .	he was the father of the boy , and his parents were in the cheetah exhibit .
vice president gianna gianna traveled to india to meet with an agent in india to explore the country 's booming gestational surrogacy industry .	for nearly two years , the producer and host has been reporting on current issues across the world .
colin cromie told xara grogan , 29 , should jet to barcelona for a break .	she was awarded 16 , to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her .	mr cromie told her she would be out on her ear .
todd kincannon , 33 , was arrested and booked into the lexington county detention center on monday evening .	a bond hearing is scheduled for tuesday .	an arrest warrant alleges that kincannon 's wife , ashely griffith , told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car , ' squeezing it tightly , thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle .
victorino chua , 49 , has pleaded not guilty to murdering three patients at stepping hill hospital in stockport , stockport .	chua is accused of killing three patients between 2011 and 2012 .	chua arden , 44 , arnold lancaster , 71 and derek weaver , 83 , were killed .
great british bake off presenter sue perkins is taking a break from twitter after men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming the bookmakers ' favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear .	but announcing her departure from the social media site this morning , the popular tv personality tweeted: ' my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead .
st george 's county asylum once housed nearly 1 , 000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of stafford in the west midlands .	dysentery and syphilis were said to have been restrained by means of ' structurally unsound ' and ' restraint chair' .
more than 1 , students from yichuan , shaanxi province took the exam on saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow students to turn their chairs and desks in the exam .	the school said the exam could be a test of the students ' organizing the exam outside ' a ' [UNK] .
nina anderson spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a cash and cheque express in the city centre two months after the raid .	her actions , which echo those of miss marple , led to the arrest of miss anderson , who has been jailed for three years .
the girl was in ' very critical ' condition , a hospital spokeswoman says .	the baby was in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala , police said .	police said the toddler was brain dead .
letter , left in the treasury by the former labour minister liam byrne in 2010 , was just a ' jokey note' .	mr byrne 's glib note to his successor as treasury secretary stated: ' dear chief secretary , i'm afraid there is no money .
porche wright , 27 , is accused of setting her seven - year - old daughter on fire in the girl 's death .	the girl was covered in serious wounds and was burned .
australian pm tony abbott said it was the ' most way ' to prevent disasters in the mediterranean .	mr abbott said he was sick of being lectured to the united nations over australia .
charlotte cosby has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes over the past year .	she said she thought charlotte was ' far to lose weight ' .	holly hagan , 22 , and marnie simpson have also dropped the pounds .
carl hendrick said schools should concentrate on boosting pupils confidence by teaching them well and providing clear and achievable paths to academic success .	mr hendrick argues that schools could be detrimental to pupils .
gold coast training queen ashy bines were shocked to receive an email on saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an eye - popping $us49 , 500 per year .	ms bines on monday apologised to her ' very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that , or $4 , 950 .
kenneth wanamaker jr , 32 , pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter 's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition .	the girl 's partner jessica hoffman , 6 , was scheduled for surgery in march but did not have the procedure because her treatment was put off .
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660 , 000 recorded the year before .	but this is the first year that the centers for disease control has measured their use .
bobby flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years .	the new york daily news is said to have moved out of the couple 's new york city apartment .	the iron chef was rumoured to be romantically involved in the marriage .
pooch mavis was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch at the time of the alligator 's death .	the alligator attacked and consumed a 100 - pound dog at the arlington park in the park .
the group working in the north - west of wigan , wigan , has been accused of filming the attacks , the latest of which was on saturday , and then beating up men who agree to meet them .	one teenager has been assaulted by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile .
ricky ricardo chiles iii , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon , illinois on thursday .	police believe chiles iii decided to exact revenge and took the law into his own hands .
the images , captured between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh owen , have surfaced after being put up for auction - and could fetch up to 30 , 000 .	it became part of the site for the bristol brewery georges before that was closed in 1999 and later turned into a block of flats .
the 78 irish travellers were told to move out by the court of appeal .	the camp appeared to have lost its case after the travellers refused to budge .	locals say the eviction ' violated ' the human rights .
apple has bought israel - based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million ( 13 .	5 million ) .	linx makes ' multi - aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets .
american - born supermodel liya kebede has become the first woman of colour to cover british vogue in five years .	the 39 - year - old became the first black model to cover vogue in 12 years .
sophie english was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family .	she was on a trip to vietnam on her way to vietnam to be with her mother .
sarah silverman said she was ' paid less than her male counterpart ' .	she claimed she was paid $50 less than a man for a gig .	she has been forced to apologise for fabricating the pay gap campaign .
jason rezaian was jailed in tehran on july 22 last year rezaian .	the 39 - year - old journalist , the post 's tehran correspondent , stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the islamic republic .	no date has yet been set for trial , ahsan said .
finley finley was diagnosed with a three - year - old son noah with pvnh when he was born with parts of his brain in the wrong place .	the mother - of - two is now in mainstream school and playing with the other children .
around 1 , 300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks .	he also calls on the uk to take a ' fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war .	he said it was ' unacceptable ' to abandon thousands of immigrants .
san rafael desert thousands upon thousands of goblins lurk in the shadows .	the ' goblins ' are scientifically known as ' hoodoos ' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column 's spire - like shape from weather erosion .
edwardian - style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves .	the brothel , formerly known as club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room .
ranulfo perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16 - year - old girl who was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with her tour group .	however he was later released by the manhattan district attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was perez .
the rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22 - room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings .	it was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by hugh ' bendor ' grosvenor , the duke of westminster .	miss chanel would love to fish on the estate 's river , catching more than 50 salmon .
body of charmain adusah , 41 , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days .	her husband , eric isaiah adusah , a self - proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher , was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died .
leroy j .	toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio .	the boy 's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry .	the quarry was abandoned for years .
one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles .	only 13 per cent of people who are not divorced will be below the line , according to research .
more than 2 , 000 operations performed on the nhs in the last decade .	the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the past 10 years , with more than 1 , 000 women 's operations .
the indian creek island road is the most exclusive area in miami .	the island is patrolled 24 hours a day on boats and jet skis .	number 13 on the list is known as ' billionaires row' .
the tiny montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver , but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later .	while the town has since been restored , it remains empty , and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents , with visitors saying they heard music and laughter , even in winter , and the sound of doors slamming in cottages .
kim kardashian has published an extract from the star 's book selfish revealing what she dines on each day .	kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband kanye west .
hannah overton , 37 , will not be sentenced to seven years in prison for the murder of her four - year - old son overton , a meth addict , and her daughter and her husband larry and five children .	the boy 's daughter , andrew overton , has been behind bars for seven years , and the two of her children were found in the death of her son 's son .	overton has accused her of unprofessional conduct and staffing the case .
britain 's got talent spent two hours at newtown high school , in powys , mid - wales and a local sixth - form college in november .	as a result , for the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and schools .
the 27 - year - old had to be rescued by a diy boat used by jamie toms , 27 , and jamie toms .	one of the men pledged to return to the water with a homemade boat used to make the rowlocks .
former supermodel , who 's gearing up for the london marathon on 26 april , toldred magazinethat giving birth has been her toughest physical challenge .	and christy , who suffered a potentially life - threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter grace , now 11 , said today she 's feeling ' stronger and healthier ' than ever .
daniel p .	j . daniel , 39 , ignored that he could lose more than a year .	he is inspired to shed more than half of his body weight .	but after a series of health issues , the 39 - year - old is still determined .
deputy prime minister said he would not allow the lib dems to prop david cameron up in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash 12billion from the benefits bill .	mr clegg said he would not allow the lib dems to prop david cameron up in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash 12billion from the benefits bill .
the 34 - year - old beauty - who has announced she 's retiring from the runway - was seen walking for colcci during so paulo fashion week in her native brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles .	brazilian mother of two , who is married to nfl quarterback tom brady , has said she wants to spend more time with her family .
the highway heist occurred on march 1 in wilson county , almost halfway into the truck 's journey from miami to boston .	police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18 - wheeler truck pulled over when one of the two armed guards on board ' felt sick' .
england captain oda marie hove bogstad was unable to stop williamson 's brilliant effort the england captain wheels away in celebration after handing her side a crucial 2 - 2 draw the england players join the arsenal star in celebration in front of a small crowd at the seaview stadium england held on in the final moments to secure the draw and , with it , a place in this summer 's finals in israel williamson blows a kiss to the crowd as mo marley 's side look ahead to this summer .
police raided alan greaves 's home in colne , lancashire .	they found almost 700 of the most serious category .	burnley crown court heard there were 17 , 000 images of child abuse on his computer and mobile claimed he was .
david wihby , 61 , was arrested in nashua , nashua , new hampshire , on a misdemeanor charge for the last year .	he was arrested on charges of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday , according to ayotte 's office .
chris appleton has been working with rita , 24 , for the past two years .	confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of maintenance work and ' maintenance' .
the 67 - year - old said she would not give up her role at coningsby community hall in lincolnshire .	the couple said they would not buy a new minibus for local pensioners .
ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a u - boat 480 miles south of st helena , taking 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean .	it was long assumed that the vessel 's cargo , belonging to the uk treasury , would be lost forever such was the complexity of the ocean .
hundreds of protesters gathered in new york city on tuesday night to march against police brutality .	the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police .	many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in the bridge .
jason lee , 38 , was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of east hampton .	lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100 , 000 bail .	he has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100 , 000 bail .
students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses .	at the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the drug choices .
a new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk 's billion - pound supercar industry .	some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year .	saba syed and husband sheikh amari , sells luxury cars to the super rich .
lord janner was one of the most prominent labour politicians and campaigners of his time .	he qualified as a barrister in 1954 and was appointed a qc in 1971 .	he has fought tirelessly for the back of his career in public life .
australian teenager joined the#kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media of placing the opening of any narrow vessel over their mouth and sucking in until the vacuum of air causes their lips to excessively swell .	in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee - stung pout , violeta had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck .
heather mack , 19 , accused of murdering mack 's 62 - year - old sheila von wiese - mack in bali 's bali 's bali hotel last august before stuffing her body in a suitcase , togetherwith her boyfriend tommy schaefer , 21 .	mack 's boyfriend tommy mack , 62 , was arrested in a bali hotel in bali last year .
uk researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago .	they found the heat near the impact site in mexico was not intense enough to ignite plants .	it could help uncover exactly what happened to create the crater .
natasha hope - simpson says she has a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions .	she turned her handicap into an opportunity to create a parking lot of her prosthetic leg .
mr yuan , from changsha , was involved in the accident on march 24 and has been in hospital ever since .	none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him .
martin johnson , 46 , was walking his granddaughter charly pennett home when the owner of the supercar crashed close to a school and said he would buy another a rear wheel span off the back of the car due to the force of the crash in beaumont leys , leicestershire the 5 .	2litre car was left badly damaged </s> .
the unidentified newark resident , 22 , said he recognized the 44 - year - old rapper , whose real name is earl simmons , while at an exxon station on sunday , according to newark police spokesman sgt .	ronald glover .	police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with dmx about rap music around 12 .	30am . dmx was scheduled to perform on saturday night at the new jersey performing arts center .
the 74 - year - old actor has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades .	actor al pacino can fly from glasgow to london for 25 , 000 event travel to london .
two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in goodge street this morning .	it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road .	mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , became wedged between two london buses .
corey edwards , five , was born with a complex congenital heart defect .	staff at bristol children 's hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside .	his parents jemma , 21 , and craig , 28 , to tie the knot .	the five - year - old held the rings at the ceremony .
thief stole 124 rare watches worth 200 , 000 worth of antique watches .	burglar stole 124 antique watches worth 500 , 000 from the antiques shop .	he picked three sets of locks and crawled onto the floor .
karen james , a russian submarine close to the coast of the isle of france , was identified as the calf of his boat .	the incident happened in the south - east shore of northern ireland and the vessel was ripped off .	the submarine attempted to intercept two russian aircraft .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursdayfor rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack at a manhattan bar .	the dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the k through 12 churchill school for learning - disabled children that has tuition of $27 , 000 per year .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on saturday .	her son , eli edwards , said his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother 's disappearance .
al - shabaab militants have killed more than 400 people in kenya since april 2013 .	air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya .	cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the death toll .
bobby flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years .	the new york daily news is said to have moved out of the couple 's new york city apartment .	the iron chef was rumoured to be romantically involved in the marriage .
two passengers and a 23 - year - old man were removed from the plane .	they were detained for being drunk and disorderly on a flight to faro .	three customers were taken to the airport every month .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l .	s . before school on february 10 .	reports that one of the teens was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .	nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the gun .
charges:andrea bradley , 28 , and glen bates , 32 , have been indicted onaggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2 - year - old daughter last month dead and weighing only 13lbs deters ' statement says bradley took her baby daughter to a hospital march 29 .	the child had been badly beaten and had bruises , belt marks and bite marks , he said .
female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes , leaving her in ' great distress' .	passers - by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama .
director of television wants the long - running sci - fi series , which stars peter capaldi and is screened in 50 countries , to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success .	but the emails show doctor whos creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation .
edwin mee , 46 , is accused of raping the rank of sergeant in the army .	he was accused of sexually assaulting his ' [UNK] ' and ' his life ' .	the army is investigating the allegations against him .	the court heard that he was ' never happened' .
patrick lyttle , 33 , spent six days in a coma for the attack in sydney 's inner - city , sydney 's downing centre local court today .	he is accused of leaving his brother in a hospital in sydney on january 3 .	he has pleaded guilty to the charges against his brother , who he had made a ' fantastic recovery' .
mandi l .	walkley , 39 , and jacob m .	austin , 52 , were in the dungeness bay , where swells were as high as 3ft , for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the coast guard .	his pastor , bill bowers , said kelley is ' not able to speak at the moment' .
the queen 's birth is the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child approaches .	the police were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans , many of whom had decorated the area with posters and bunting .
jeff mccubbery , 72 , from mandurang and ian bullock , 65 , from blackburn devised a range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby - holders and calendars but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products .
the app is described as the world 's first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts .	it could only be downloaded by users in the us who live in states that have legalised cannabis .	hemp is legal in new york , california and australia .
brass lamp is being sold at auction in june by auctioneers hansons .	it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea hurst , near matlock , derbyshire , on june 26 .	dating back to around 1840 , the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at hansons in etwall , derbyshire , on june 26 .
lance futch donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to hill air force base in utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy .	the white house had asked lehi - based company vivant solar to send a representative with military affiliation to the base during obama 's visit last week .
bronze - working had not been developed at this time in alaska .	researchers believe those who lived at the rising whale site may be part of what scientists call the ' birnirk ' culture .	they believe the artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia .
jondrew lachaux , 39 , and kellie phillips , 38 , turned themselves in after the three children were found , north las vegas police said .	they have been arrested and face child abuse charges , while lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler 's badly decomposed body was found in the garage .
the four sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's home in the middle of the night and forced onto a plan back to their father in italy and their return to italy was the fact that their mother had taken them from their home in italy on a ' vacation ' and never returned , claiming the girls ' father tomaso was an abuser laura garrett .
17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed , officials say . '	i thought my parents were dead , ' said 32 - year - old adam m .	al zammuto , 32 , and jacklyn , 69 , were killed in her home by the storm .
abubaker deghayes has left his home in brighton in an attempt to rescue his son amer .	the 21 - year - old has been fighting for the organisation jabhat al - nusra , a group affiliated with al - qaeda , who are battling the islamic state and syrian forces .	he has not ' run away ' to join the fight and has informed british authorities of his intentions to rescue his son .
corporal joshua leakey , 27 , was awarded the honour 70 years ago .	it is just the sixth time the queen has given a vc to a living , british recipient .	the 27 - year - old is the second member of his family to receive the vc .
the bill would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels , according to the federal centers for disease .	it 's not the hand - dryer manufacturer .
victoria ayling , who is running for the key election seat of great grimsby , made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non - attendance at a row over claims she was injured .
austin west passed away on saturday after he was chasing a bumblebee in the west family 's home in gastonia .	the family are hoping to raise money to cover the toddler 's funeral costs .
eight - month - old boy was trapped in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23c yesterday .	temperatures peaked at 22 .	8c at st james 's park in london .	temperatures reached 23c in the capital to nearly 24c .
national front leader jean - marie le pen pulled out of regional elections .	announcement comes after he was accused of racist and anti - semitic remarks .	mr le pen said she would head him in the european parliament .
ashley graham , a 27 - year - old model , says she 's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14 . '	my first job ever was lingerie , ' she says .	the underwear model recently launched her own collection of intimates .
wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera by wildlife photographer .	the snow was whipped into the air by strong winds as one of the foxes desperately fight to the death .
edwin ' jock ' mee , 46 , who now lives in scotland , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , many of whom were young black women .	it is claimed that the divorced father - of - five went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon .
a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego .	delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need , even in drought .
unnamed woman , whose email was shared by a mother , deleted the child 's name from the mother 's first birthday .	the mother of the email has been viewed more than a week .
maurice thibaux , 67 , stormed onto the catwalk at sydney 's mercedes - benz fashion week .	the 67 - year - old said he was ' similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head' .
josh hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and alcohol relapse .	hamilton was suspended for $16 .	5 million .	the couple 's six - bedroom home will be on the 10th season of the real housewives of orange county , texas , and hamilton .
the former cuban president has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year .	castro 's face is largely obscured by a dark - colored baseball cap .	he was last seen in the inauguration of an artist 's studio in january .
charles and camilla married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall .	she was taken in the run - up to last month 's visit to the u .	s but was released by the duchess of cornwall .
the 6 , 825 - tonne passenger ship capsized on april 16 last year .	more than 50 people have been put on trial on charges linked to the disaster .	president park geun - hye has pledged to ' actively consider ' raising the sewol .
brian klawiter , 35 , posted a message on his company 's facebook page on tuesday .	he said openly gay people are not welcome at his business because he considers homosexuality to be wrong .	critics have accused klawiter of trying to cash in on the business .
roxy wallace , 50 , was a ' luckiest woman in the world ' .	jo , from churchdown , gloucestershire , began to struggle with depression .	told her wife jo , 44 , struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman .	roxy is now happier than ever .
the family of 81 - year - old larry upright said his family was ' passionate about politics ' .	mike upright said the rock - ribbed ' did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad . '
viv nicholson , 79 , died on saturday aged 79 on saturday .	she won 152 , 319 , 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 .	she announced that her life was ' exuberant lesson ' .
stephanie scott 's accused killer , high school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , lived with his mother anika and elder brother luke .	in a rare scene of frantic activity on this peaceful suburban street , home to families and pensioners , investigators clad in blue forensic overalls heaped bags of evidence out the back of the property on thursday evening .
tiborracsits racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night when they were attacked .	vision of the disturbing attack showed mr racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head .
johnny manziel has been released from cleveland browns this summer .	the cleveland browns quarterback will be allowed to compete with josh manziel .	manziel is currently on loan at the age of a season at the cleveland .
heidi bretscher , from raleigh , north carolina , was leading the women 's race by about 10 minutes ahead of the rock n ' roll race ' .	the 28 - year - old was brought back on track by a couple of helpful cops who drove her back to the point .
paul tudor jones ii , the billionaire founder of tudor investment corporation , bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week .	he warned that increasing the inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold - out ted talk in canada .
richard kerr , 53 , said he was one of three youngsters who were taken from belfast to london in the 1970s .	once in the capital , they were allegedly taken from the home in belfast .
two baby crocodiles died on the journey from jakarta to moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6 , 515 - mile ordeal .	two baby crocodiles died on the journey from jakarta to moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6 , 515 - mile ordeal .
the chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912 .	one was given by a crew member to captain julien lemarteleur , who had previously worked on board the mackay - bennett .	it has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector .
condemned staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner tania isbester 's backyard in the basin , east melbourne , victoria .	lawyers for victorian woman tania isbester appealed to the high court hoping to have her staffordshire terrier .
bob heslip , 50 , suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1 , or nf - 1 , which is caused by a ' gene malfunction ' that causes the bubble - like bumps to appear all over his body .	he says he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life because he has a feeling of belonging .
kyle schwartz has been a teacher for three years , which has spread to classrooms across the nation via twitter a third - grade teacher in denver , north carolina .	schwartz says she didn't have pencils at home to do his homework , but wouldn't normally in the nation .
prince harry takes time out from his tough training programme to play with local children at the wuggubun community in a remote area hundreds of miles away from the nearest city , darwin as well as demonstrating his weapons handling and first aid skills .	prince harry will hang up his fatigues and , after attending official functions in perth and sydney , is expected to return to britain .
drunk and disorderly were banned from every boozer in birmingham .	they were ordered to work up to 21 days of ' hard labour ' in the uk .	the list was sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court .	the pair are now appealing to indonesia 's constitutional court .	they are now imprisoned on central java 's nusakambangan island .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head , a medical hearing heard .	he required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone .
restaurant in cape breton , nova scotia , said it was ' hate and threats ' .	the restaurant has apologised and said it is ' wrong ' and ' caters ' to children .
andy murray and his new bride had their first dance on saturday night .	the former star of strictly come dancing who frequently failed to impress the judges with her efforts left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in cromlix house hotel .
charles kingham , 86 , and pauline moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years .	they spent two years converting it into their dream home , but it was a ' living hell ' .	the couple have been forced to board up the house for protection .
the 19 - year - old was forced to relearn basic functional skills such as walking , swallowing food and getting dressed after she fell out a fraternity house 's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury .	summer elbardissy was partying at the beta theta pi fraternity house at wesleyan university in middletown , connecticut , last year when she reportedly tried to reach a makeshift roof deck .
kim kardashian was cropped out of a photo for what may be the first time ever .	the 34 - year - old reality tv star was captured dining in a non - kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband , rapper kanye west , 37 , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat , on monday .	following the outing , mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page .
apple watch , available for pre - order on friday , april 10 , 2015 , comes with a choice of watch case , band and size _ there are 54 possible configurations in all .	if you know the specific configuration you want , you're best off ordering it online , starting at 12:01 a .	m . edt friday .	popular models might not be available right away if you're not among the first to order .
superyachts can sell for more than 400 , 000 a week to charter henry smith , a sales broker with cecil wright , a boutique yacht brokerage with offices in monaco and london .	one superyacht owner had to be sent from a yacht in the south of france straight to the maldives .
tories would offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1 .	3million families in housing association properties to buy their home .	national housing federation said subsidy - which will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties - will cost taxpayers 5 .	8billion and was effectively worth 100 , 000 to each family who benefited .
russell campbell was en route to the master 's tournament this week .	the model flew into a rage when he was removed from the plane .	kim kardashian , colleen rooney , maisie williams and naomi campbell .
the ch - 53e super stallion landed on the shore of this northern san diego county town shortly after a low oil - pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit , marine corps air station miramar said .	the 100 - foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores .
a 40 - year - old man has been taken to ipswich hospital in brisbane 's home .	three cars were taken to the brisbane valley highway in south of fernvale .	a man with arm injuries and two children have been involved in the crash .
new york university have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for ' emotionally neutral events ' that gain significance through subsequent experience .	this study largely focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli , such as evocative imagery or traumatic events .
the world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the masters on thursday to take on a nine - hole course .	tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in augusta , georgia .
retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ' extensive ' plumbing repairs ' .	walmart will put both the full - time and part - time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another walmart location .
hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped in the mediterranean .	they were taken to lampedusa and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down .	the boat appears to have overturned because of the excitement .
the jaw - dropping artwork is the brainchild of jrg dsterwald , a 49 - year - old artist and bodypainter from hameln , germany .	the model is placed against an item like a tree .
just 11 per cent of research funding from u.s. government and charities into the uks leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia .	in comparison to cancer , coronary heart disease , dementia and stroke .
colin kay was driving his car on the a586 in great eccleston in lancashire last year .	mr kay has now been told there will be no action because the investigating officer went off sick .
current deals include london , or luxembourg to singapore with a dining room .	the deals works out at $536 ( 95 per night ) and can be rented for 234 per night rent .
the 46 - year - old had worked at the central bank of the dutch central bank for eight years .	she has also been offering her sexual services at more than 300 an hour .	van der waal offered a range of ' integrity [UNK] .
tony blair 's ex - prime minister denied being in the ' league of the super - rich - are being paid by the u.s. and not the colombian government ' .	critics have questioned the role of a former prime minister working for other governments in the region .
scottish nationalists threatened to paralyse the uk government by blocking any bit of spending they do not agree with .	but the snp , forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more mps , suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme .
the pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them .	the bva said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle .
dr mark porter said whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges .	all three major parties have denied there will be no end to the principle that the nhs should be free .
gareth met glen rycroft , 37 , of salford , manchester , in a gay online chat room .	he was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life in prison , serving a minimum of 25 years .	he had lured him to atravelodge at the hands of his boyfriend gareth .
the 29 - year - old was seen laughing and joking with friend , irene forte at the launch party for new london restaurant , the ivy chelsea garden .	davy wore a white layered chiffon top .
the californian start - up is rumoured to be backed by rapper snoop dogg .	it is believed to be aimed at people using the perfect medicine in more states .	the app doesnt find the sale of delivery and can find the perfect process .
andrea bretti , 18 , and mario bretti , 64 , were attacked by the ice cream man .	mr bretti , 36 , and sarah bretti , sarah trunfio , were killed in july last year .	mr miller said he was ' dizzy and do not look like the [UNK] .
radish was found in china 's guangdong province in china'syunnan province .	it is not the first time these outsized vegetables have turned up in china .	mr li claimed the specimen was become a big attraction .
former scottish secretary said talking up the threat posed by the scottish nationalists was ' short - term and dangerous' ' .	sir john will say a labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes , more debt and fewer jobs as another independence referendum .
adam leheup , 34 , allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25 - year - old woman .	he met with his alleged victim after making contact with her through the ' let 's date app ' .	the alleged victim allowed him to come home with her to her flat in camden .
leaj jarvis price was reportedly gunned down by eric heath price , the 25 - year - old son , on monday after she ran into the surgery in jemison screaming ' call the police' .	when police fired tear gas into the house , he was taken to hospital with a self - inflicted gunshot wound to his head .	his condition remains unknown .
jason lee , 38 , was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of east hampton .	lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100 , 000 bail .	he has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100 , 000 bail .
hilary mantel 's award - winning second novel bring up the bodies has been ditched for a run on broadway .	the story of the rise and fall of thomas cromwell and lydia leonard will be going over to the u.s. in london .
the german american bund , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans - - most of them of german heritage - - who sympathized with the causes of the third reich .	the group set up pro - nazi camps where they could put on military demonstrations , teach their children about fascism and enjoy the outdoors today , yaphank is still a town on long island .
denise fedyszyn , from holmfirth , west yorkshire , tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb - and wore dress size 26 - when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters anya and isla .	the 37 - year - old:'you're too fat to ride , i can't fasten the seatbelt ' as she tried to go on a swing ride with her children .
prime minister 's wife showed her support of uk business at theconservative party 's manifesto launch in swindon .	the tory party 's collection is designed with ' modern , professional women in mind ' which makes them the first lady of british .
joel , 30 , is the brainchild of 30 - year - old entrepreneur joel paglione .	a bottle of wine claims to be able to oak age wine in hours rather than years .	the oak bottle is the holy grail of wine lovers .
services from west coast railways have been suspended after the incident on march 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal .	west coast rail is the first since the incident in march .
bilal skaf , 33 , was assaulted by three other inmates in sydney 's southwest .	skaf was sentenced to 55 years in hospital in hospital before returning the same day .	he was treated in hospital , but was treated for injuries and was treated at a hospital .
20 - year - old student , known as salim , is accused of molesting a british tourist .	she was arrested after being charged with assault in india .	she is being held in custody after being arrested in jaipur .
caesar went missing from his family 's home in the area on the weekend .	the family are trying to get caesar 's body , but have been told they can teach him to bury him .	the officer believed the animal was feral .
dozens of protesters were arrested on thursday at the mauna kea site , a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess poli'ahu and a native hawaiian leader has called for a 30 - day moratorium on construction .	thirty - one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1 .	4 billion telescope on sacred land .
nick clegg made a desperate bid to distance his party from allegations about cyril smith .	he claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the liberal party .	he was accused of having ' washed his hands ' of issue by refusing to order investigation .
archbishop of brisbane phillip aspinall said he supported father paul kelly in his calls for the homosexual advance defence to be removed from queensland common law .	brisbane 's anglican archbishop said he appealed to those who resorted to violence .
yulia tarbath , 33 , led a raw vegan diet - consisting of fruit , vegetables and juice .	she ate 30 pieces of spinach and ate a healthy vegan diet at the time .
a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly .	the pew researcher revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use .	that includes 56 percent who are connected to the internet and social networks ' almost constantly .
google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice .	the face unlock feature was originally introduced in 2011 as part of android 4 .	0 , also known as ice cream sandwich , but despite this , it is still a relatively unknown tool .
quincy hazel and sabrina golden - hazel , both 44 from riviera beach , also allegedly never took either of the children , a 17 - year - old girl , to a doctor or dentist .	the conditions emerged when the older child ran away from home last month and started living on the street .
savannah 's mother - of - one discussed an australian father 's tip for getting his three - month - old son seth to sleep less than a minute with her co - hosts .	the 43 - year - old watched as her daughter grabbed at the white tissue paper .
71 - year - old robert durst , 71 , was arrested for allegedly killing robert durst .	he was arrested on galveston island after he was living in galveston island .	he said he was ' very infatuated ' with the hair and a make - up .
north sea cod is closer to being certified as a ' fish to be ' in the north sea .	dr . dr . toby middleton said he was ' surprised ' by the marine stewardship council .
11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park - north - east of melbourne .	the 11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park - north - east of melbourne .	the 11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park , northeast of melbourne .
the dog has the body size of a border collie , the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle .	almost half said their ideal dog would be standard - sized like a collie , compared with 36 per cent who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas .
ukip deputy leader suzanne nuttall took to twitter to make him look more educated in front of a ' photoshopped library ' .	ukip has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general .
madison small , from ashburn , left school early on mondayand , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital .	the loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis , which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell .
louis de bernires 's hollywood - born captain corelli 's novel was filmed in 1982 .	it has been tarnished by tourism of the blue waters of lourdas bay , kefalonia , a stunning greek island .
oliver pareece jones , 37 , was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6 .	26am . he then withdrew $800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a walmart in rancho cucamonga , teresa mcmahon , spokeswoman for the san bernardino county sheriffs department .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday .	they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said .	police said they now consider the case to be closed .
kelli jo bauer , 45 , was arrested at her kansas city home in kansas city , kansas city .	she was accused of stealing items from her sprawling mansion in overland park , kansas .	bauer , who lives in a $900 , 000 home , was released on a $20 , 000 bond and ordered to stay out of retail .
chlorine gas carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions sowed terror and agony for the first time on april 22 , 1915 .	the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting .
karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend , sparking a four - day police search .	a man , believed to be 21 - year - old , has been arrested in connection with her death .
phil haste also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car .	the 60 - year - old , who lives in torbay council , said it was ' diabolical ' decision .
us secretary of state john kerry said washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in a direct criticism of tehran 's backing of shiite houthi fighters .	a saudi - led coalition continues to pound anti - government forces in yemen at the start of a third week of bombing .
hengshui no 2 middle school is an ' exemplary school ' in hebei province .	pupils from the school plunged to death , one in october and one in march .	the school has spent 10 , 000 pupils and more than 500 teachers .
inspectors found kitchen equipment at the steer inn in wilberfoss , east yorkshire - and owner david crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations .	officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public .
geoff johnson returned to the home of his mother , a compulsive hoarder , 20 years after he left and created a moving series of images about his uneasy upbringing .	jennifer 's four - year - old daughter is superimposed onto a shot of the bathroom which has not been touched since they left in 1993 .
sales of a designer - label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than 1 , 000 have been central to a sales boom at the very british prestige brand burberry .	the ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter .
obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to , from or within the u.s. transportation security administration once to find out whether he or she is on the list .
study of four major discount retailers in u.s. found 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical ' above levels of ingestion ' .	dozens of other products were found to have high levels of bromine , chlorine and phthalates .
gloucestershire police officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the caravan .	the near - the caravan window open was open with a window wide open .	the two officers were forced to dive out of the way with seconds to spare before they were injured .
the 58 - year - old actress took a leave of absence from broadway play ' fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published bypeoplemagazine on tuesday .	following her announcement , famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress as katie couric wrote: ' sending the wonderful rita wilson my love and best wishes .
agent arthur baldwin was arrested after allegedly trying to break into a house at d .	c . on friday .	he was taken into custody at the scene of the off - duty supervisor .	he has been charged with attempted burglary and another of destruction of property .
robert penny , 83 , charged with murder of two women in victoria , melbourne .	penny was found dead at the melbourne magistrates court on monday .	he has been charged with two counts of murder in 2006 .
mary murphy , 66 , and her partner john wood , 67 , died after falling down the stairs at their home in failsworth , greater manchester police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious , but after investigating they believe it was a bizarre and tragic accident .
the mummified remains were found in a box by street cleaners in peru .	the mummy was found wrapped in rope and dumped in the box in front of an archaeological dig in the city of trujillo .	the remains were discovered in a cardboard box outside of the morning .
the blunder was thought to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet .	the event was believed to have raised more than 70 , 000 for the british heart foundation .	it was claimed to have had to run for an ' gesture of goodwill ' .
andy murray and kim sears have been married this weekend .	she wore a dress that had worn before and that had a lot of stories .	the traditional dress prince william and kate middleton get married in 2011 .
steve smith opened his first poundland shop in burton - upon - trent at the age of 18 in the 1990s .	he still receives ' pocket money ' from his wife tracy , with whom he has three .
steve ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport .	the elderly woman 's son , steve ashton , is calling for more help to improve food standards for the food .
the duke and duchess of cambridge is about to make her debut in puppet form .	sketches set to feature in the opening show called ' i'm a catastrophe .	get me out of here ' .	sketches will be new to william and kate .
london will fare the worst , with prices actually dropping by 3 .	6 per cent over the next year , it is said .	it follows last year record price of 17 .	4 per cent in the capital .
jessa duggar announced she 's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald , 19 . '	we're expecting! '	the 22 - year - old 19 kids & counting star told people .	she is the third child to marry , and every marriage has resulted in a baby the first year of marriage .
andrew barr , a principal of melbourne 's geelong college , has resigned .	the school council launched an investigation , which included a search of mr barr 's computer .	the geelong college council has said the matter was a serious breach of the standards .
strict ' no touching ' rule in place at sea , which suggests the women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave .	a ministry of defence spokesman said there was a ' strict ' rules in place .
the 31 - year - old is set to take part in a 54 - mile bicycle ride from london to brighton .	pippa 's sister of the duchess of cambridge is preparing to raise money for charity .
the kits can cost as little as 5 or even be bought in pound shops .	the survey found that 17 per cent of people suffering from dental problems are turning to diy dentistry .
frank abagnale , 66 , has said individuals in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen .	in the 2002 film abagnale , now 66 , poses as a doctor , a lawyer and an airline pilot .
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first - degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 at the boutique donovan hotel .	according to a police affidavit filed in court on thursday , she stole just $40 and the victim 's metro smartrip card .	her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19 - year - old dominique johnson , left , has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery .
kfc says it 's just not that you can fail to fail to change the test .	the test was designed to rank the thousands of applications which apply for a job with the workers .
climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorologyon sunday .	however , although they knew it would occur somewhere around the southeast coast , they did not know exactly where .	but it turned out to hit closer to newcastle than port macquarie , ' mr white told daily mail australia .
the lib dem leader urged his rivals to help stop mr salmond from ' strutting his stuff ' in westminster .	the former scottish first minister hopes to make a return to the commons as mp for gordon by ousting the lib dems who have held the seat for more than 30 years .
the home , dubbed ' pv14' , also boasts a 1 , 400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and the sparkling lights of the city 's downtown .	matt mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home .
raymond allen is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in preston , lancashire , in 1965 .	he had become a personal friend of harland ' the colonel ' sanders after meeting during a conference in chicago 50 years ago .
xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region 's olive oil production last year .	its spread has so alarmed the eu that france announced a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables , while its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil and is likely to lead to higher prices for shoppers in britain .
altamura man - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 , suggest he was 128 , 000 to 187 , 000 years old .	researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors .
friedrich branft , 22 , make the first complete skeleton to be recovered from the battle of waterloo 200 years ago the 200 - year - old skeleton of a soldier killed at the battle of waterloo .	the 200 - year - old skeleton of a soldier killed at the battle of waterloo has been discovered under a car park - just like richard iii - and identified by archaeologists .	brandt , a member of george iiis german legion , was killed by napoleons forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs .
billions of barrel jellyfish spotted in water off the coast of devon and cornish coast .	billions of jellyfish have appeared in our waters , apparently attracted by the higher sea temperatures .	the jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb .
scientists found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today .	this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall .	they found the majority of populations had diminished .
jessica howard , a father - of - two , was jailed for 10 years in prison .	he was sentenced to life and one of his [UNK] , a man in her life .	howard was picked up by a police officer in battisford , norwich looking for victims .
kate effect has put a bump in the profits of british fashion house seraphine .	the online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits .	kate wore the natasha coat to a series of engagements in kensington in january .
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish found floating in the lake in huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province .	the ammonia may have been polluted with ammonia leading to the death of the fish .
the labour leader said snp would not be able to dictate policy , even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in number 10 .	it comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said labour could only govern with the support of the snp .
two britons are believed to be among the six passengers in the dominican republic .	the plane was en route to the samana peninsula off the north coast .	the pilot of the single - engine piper pa - 32 was apparently attempting to make an emergency landing .
abraham lincoln was shot in at the henry ford museum in dearborn , michigan , on april 14 , 1865 by pro - confederacy actor , john wilkes booth .	the u.s. library of congress has been part of the museum 's museum 's observance of the assassination 's 150 years .	it will be removed from its encasing to be displayed for the theater .
passengers coming towards the end of a 15 night cruise became the unwitting pawns in a legal wrangle between a former crew member and the owners of the mv azores .	but that was scuppered when lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ' unresolved ' and ' historic ' financial wrangle .
the comments were made by russia commemorated the first human spaceflight - yuri gagarin , on 12 april 1961 .	since then hundreds of rockets have been launched into space and russia now has about 140 satellites operating in orbit .
thaddeus mccarroll , 23 , was killed outside his jennings home on friday night .	his mother told police her son ' was talking about going on a knife ' .	police say they shot him with a knife and a knife .
luke harris and daryl lee are celebrating the birth of their second baby .	the gay couple are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks after controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers .	luke harris and daryl lee are celebrating the birth of their second baby .
the number of hayfever sufferers in the uk is expected to reach 20 million this summer .	five million people are expected to fall victim to the end of the year .	pollen is becoming more potent , and greater photochemical .
the average briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year or enough to fill two bathtubs , a survey has found .	the average tea - drinking habits increase as we get older , with those aged 55 .
susan farmer , 37 , from eddy , texas , weighs 43st ( 605 lbs ) , was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight by concerned doctors .	but while the 37 year oldwas determined to shed the weight , her mother continued to buy her daughter fatty foods .
mumia abu - jamal , 60 , is serving a life sentence in prison after he was sentenced to death in the killing of philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in 1981 .	he was hospitalized but said they wanted to write to him in prison .
bill dudley , europe 's oldest mcdonald 's employee , celebrating his 90th birthday at the outlet in mold , flintshire , where he works two days a week great grandfather and second world war veteran bill celebrates his special with fellow employees at mcdonald 's in mold .	bill 's special day on wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away .
mary fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death , giving oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty .	the method , which involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner 's body to die from lack of oxygen , has been touted as ' foolproof ' by supporters , in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections .
carlos manuel perez jr , 28 , was allegedly pitted against andrew jay arevalo , 24 , inside high desert state prison in indian springs on november 12 .	after the two were left to duke it out , a lawsuit filed in state court .
in a book , extracts of which are to be used to be published today in weekly magazine l'obs , he said: ' the suggestion that you can laugh at everything , except certain aspects of [UNK] .
the song belong to a strap - toothed whale , a southern bottlenosed whale or a grays beaked whale .	the song cant be identified and doesnt fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale living in the antarctic .
the boy identified by a witness as benjamin , is being held in the arms of texas pastor 's wife aracely meza as others , including a man who appears to be her husband pastor daniel meza , are gathered around .	the witness , who said she knew benjamin 's mother since she was pregnant with him , said the child was possessed by demons , according to pastors .
sergio barrientos - hinojosa had his 13 - year - old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer .	police at the time were holding a dui checkpoint on the other side of the road .
temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22c ( 72f ) tomorrow .	it will stay mostly dry and sunny for the next few days , but some showers are expected from late tomorrow .
liberal arts college in clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place , lock doors , draw curtains and stay away from windows .	campus officials said a suspicious package was found in the kirner - johnson building .
residents of celoron , new york , were understandably disturbed when it was unveiled in los angeles sparking a facebook campaign to get it removed .	the queen 's waxwork museum in ontario , which was bought to the world 's attention in january after tv presenter jonathan ross posted pictures of the works .
the 18 - year - old was shocked when she was accepted by eight youngsters in the u.s. .	she says she hopes to improve education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon .
hilary border , 54 , has power of attorney over her 83 - year - old mother - of - three .	she was required to pay 300 - a - week for two years .	she pleaded guilty to fraud on the care of her mother .
250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit has most recently served in iraq and afghanistan , marched through the town of dereham for the final time .	they were supported by more than 4 , 000 well - wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county .
dell ' super dell ' schanze , 45 , was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to harassing a barn owl in flight while on a motorized paraglider .	his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil , horrible person .
michael brelo goes on trial on two counts of manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 .	brelo 's footprints were found on the hood of the beat - up chevy malibu where russell and williams died .
female chimps are more likely to use the tools to help them hunt for food .	it was known that chimps use tools like humans for more than 50 years .	it is known that chimpanzees use spear - like sticks to hunt prey with their hands .
penn 's ex - wife robin wright won the best actress award for her role in house of cards .	the actress won the decline of the mega - star award for the film .
the 120 - pound mother - of - four set a new world record this weekend and earned $6 , 000 in prize money after downing three 72 - ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes .	schuyler is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her didn't even come close to winning - even though they were allowed to split their dinners .	schuyler was confident that she would beat out the other competitors with her experience .
the advert has italian chefs in uproar , as it appears to claim that italian children prefer happy meals to traditional pizza .	the row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a happy meal to a margherita pizza .	at the end of the advert a voice says: ' your little boy had no doubt .
fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store .	the franchise allowed hundreds of people to take a look behind the scene of 219 stores and roam from freezer to fryer .
a 13 - year - old woman in her mid - to ' f*** off ' was evicted from a family easter egg hunt .	she was escorted out of the racecourse , in melbourne 's south - east , when she became ' irate ' .	she is believed to have had two and three children participating .
woman , who has not been named , was arrested on suspicion of infanticide .	her body was found floating on the pond in the village of st peter 's church .	the baby was stillborn .
hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three - year - old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .
robert durst , 72 , was arrested at the jw marriott hotel in new orleans on a los angeles county warrant that accused him of killing his friend susan berman in 2000 .	authorities found more than $44 , 000 , marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room in new hotel .	durst was arrested for murder .
jake castner , a 19 - year - old from ballarat in victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts .
19th century castle toward , near dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942 .	overlooking the clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of british troops .
christopher furniss - roe frompontypool , south wales , was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the ' childish ' argument with his younger sister .	hisfather jason desperately tried to save his son 's life but he died the next day in hospital .	coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight - year - old was probably looking for ' sympathy and forgiveness ' after the row .
muhammadu buhari , who won the presidential election two weeks ago , said he could not know if they would ever be found .	a march was held through the nigerian capital of abuja to mark the first anniversary .
tommy thompson , 62 , and girlfriend alison antekeier , 42 , have admitted contempt of court in columbus , ohio gold bars .	the 62 - year - old led an excursion to the ss central america which sank off the carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold .
at least half a million britons suffer from sleep breathing problems .	people who have breathing problems while sleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions .	us researchers found that people with sleep apnoea are common in the elderly .
susan monica , 66 , has been charged with killing two men and fed their bodies to her pigs .	she has been accused of killing two handymen living on her 20 - acre pig ranch in a self - defense farm and dismembering the bodies .	the second victim , 56 - year - old robert harry haney , was charged with murder .
kyle hargreaves , a 92 - year - old man , was caught trying to have sex in the back of the vehicle , which had been called to an address ingrimsby , lincolnshire .
carwyn scott - carwyn , seven , fell 160ft to his death in flaine , wales .	his mother thought he was a ' tragic accident ' with his mother ceri and carwyn scott .
detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on sydney streets , defining it as a real revolution and turning point in photography .	this was the first time people were confronted with the idea of being photographed without their knowledge , spurring on early conversations about privacy laws .
game of thrones is the first four episodes of the show 's next year .	the show is the most illegally downloaded program in the world .	the series is the second - most pirated show .
two passengers were removed from the aircraft and taken into custody .	two men were arrested after reports of unruly behviour on a plane .	the plane was met by six police cars on landing .
the 29 - year - old woman was chased by police through the pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car .	the american tourist drove into oncoming traffic and crashed into the vehicle .
jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than 1 .	50 on her high - sugar habit in just four years .	the 24 - year - old went from a size 12 to 11 cans of energy drinks a day .
eileen dee watched as his wife , eileen , 68 , died just days later .	she had been battling cancer when she caught the infection .	she died five days later after catching a lethal injection .	she was diagnosed with acute myloid leukaemia in 2010 .
u.s. officials say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not a minimum amount of space for humans .	this week , a standard which on some airlines has decreased many economy seats on planes with a 31 inches of room .
the 22 - year - old was later sentenced to six months in prison at blackfriars crown court .	he said judges should be ' sensitive ' to the fact that they usually came from ' more privileged ' sector of society .	lord neuberger said there was a need for clear guidance on the issue .
muhammad naviede , 60 , was killed in a plane crash in buckinghamshire .	he was jailed for nine years for the 45million fraud in 1995 .	the 60 - year - old is a former x - factor contestant .
1 , 200 inmates once housed inside holmesburg prison - where some rooms were padded with filthy mattresses .	government doctors used the jail in philadelphia , pennsylvania to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens .	nearly two decades after its closure in 1995 , pennsylvania to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens .
the actress remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of itvs 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace will be collecting her bus pass .	she looks barely a day over 40 .	it is impossible , frankly , not to wonder whether mother nature has been given a , shall we say , little helping hand .
hillary clinton 's most trusted and most controversial campaign aide turned up on wednesday near des moines , iowa , where the former secretary of state sat for her second staged ' roundtable ' discussion in as many days .	on tuesday she was photographed leaving a norwalk , iowa fruit processing company and walking toward ' scooby , ' the now - famous customized black van that secret service agents have driven more than 1 , 000 miles .
the labour leader said there was nothing in mr miliband 's plans to act to reduce the number of people in a year .	but the tories said that there was an ' epidemic of exploitation ' .	the unit will be required to speak english in the future .
the transport workers ' union and its members acted against this billion - dollar company in 2012 .	aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours a week .	aldi 's last attempt to increase workers hours in 2012 failed .
leo mcconlogue launched his first app in a new york city in new york .	he saw every day on his app , but trees for cars is no longer available .	grand and grand is still living on the road , but he has since taken a job .
mike gibson claims he was subjected to a tirade of ' bullying and harassment ' .	he said he was ' stupid ' and ' hoppy ' while working at h and g contracting services ltd .	he was offered a ' temporary job ' after he was given a temporary job .
homeowner esam ghazzawilived in the plush sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars , furniture and food in their refrigerator behind right before the 9/11 , prompting some to say they knew about the attacks .	an fbi agent who investigated the disappearance after neighbors thought it was suspicious said that the family had ' many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001' .
the 31 - year - old father - of - one is set to give birth to a baby boy in june .	he was diagnosed with a dull ache in his ribs and coughing up blood .	his wife kate is still suffering from lung cancer which has spread to his liver .
the chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912 .	one was given by a crew member to captain julien lemarteleur , who had previously worked on board the mackay - bennett .	it has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector .
the london mayor was driven away with a lipstick mark on his cheek .	he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek .	mr johnson was met with tory craig mackinlay as he walked down the streets .
mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children , princess josephine and prince vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge , a village in the village in zealand .
we are handsome will debut their first active swim range on tuesday night in sydney .	the models will include sjana earp , kate kendall , amanda bisk , juliet burnett and lindy klim .
carwyn carwyn scott - howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri , nine , and brother gerwyn , 19 , in the alps .	he was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland .
staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies ' toilet of a burger bar in chengdu , sichuan province , reports people 's daily online .	workers who found the baby , who was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta , called the police and ambulance .
ukip leader was expected at a farm in staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence .	he had hoped to use a return to the campaign trail after the bank holiday weekend to highlight ukip 's call to spend 2 per cent of gross domestic product on defence .
carlton tavern was bulldozed by developers in maida vale , west london .	it was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by hitler 's bombs .	westminster city council is now considering legal action against developers .
virtuallycloud - free satellite image from the european space agencys metop - b satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine and above average temperatures .	parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today , with highs of 16 .	6c in achnagart , north of fort william and 16 .	4c in pembrey sands , carmarthenshire .
driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet , after initially stating he may have been hit by a stone .	it said security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit , averting an accident .
a turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and ' deeply upset ' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz , the hostage who was killed .	the 46 - year - old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party - front ( dhkp - c ) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .
michelle obama has been at the forefront of tackling child obesity .	she says the force depends on its agents ' ability to ' run , fight and shoot ' .	michelle obama wants children to take one look at an expert .
police commissioner william bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6 .	officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates .	fbi footage showed the times square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike .
katie cope , 17 , said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman after police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival .	katie and her mother eve cope , 60 , told of their fury at the polices response and accused officers of giving a green light to shoplifters .
darkness fell on the beach in hokota , around 60 miles northeast of tokyo , coastguards and officials called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon - headed dolphins .	the rest of the animals had either died or were dying , they said .
tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to as ' [UNK] - or ' the ' they , ' and ' the restaurant ' .	grant said the restaurant was dressed in ' inappropriate attire ' .	the restaurant is proud to wear a variety of attire .
former met chief failed to hand over key information to the macpherson inquiry regarding the black teenagers race hate killing .	lord stevens was deputy commissioner of the metropolitan police from 1998 to 2000 while the macpherson inquiry report was being compiled before serving five years as the uks most senior policeman .
celebrity chef will present simply nigella on bbc 2 , a series which focus on ' a new pared - down approach to cooking and eating' .	the show will mark nigella 's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to mr saatchi .
wigry national park , in north - east of poland , is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes .	it is the longest and most set - up for outdoor pursuits or him .
sprouse sprouse gunned down ferris police officer marty steinfeldt , 28 , at a gas station outside of dallas before also shooting dead a customer , pedro moreno , 38 , in 2002 .	witnesses said sprouse carried a shotgun into the store the afternoon of oct .	6 , 2002 , while he made a purchase and then walked outside and fired toward two men at a pay phone .
leonie granger , a 25 - year - old , has been found guilty of luring mr hassan to death in the death of mehmet hassan , who was convicted of luring him to his death .	police found damning mobile phone footage of granger and the men .
police from police scotlands edinburgh division has seen break - ins soar by nearly 40 per cent posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime .	last night , victims branded the move as insensitive and a joke .
paul bakewell , 35 , proposed to partner tara barber , 32 , by asking her to marry him using a giant billboard on the a34 , in walsall , west mids .	the billboard was 20ft - tall and 30ft - wide and also featured pictures of the couple but the pretty hairdresser was left speechless when the car stopped at the 30ft - tall poster on the side of the a34 in walsall .
francis pusok , a 30 - year - old man , was believed to have stolen a horse in a car .	he falls off the horse and stun him with a stun gun .	deputies tried to serve an identity - theft .
stephanie messenger , who has penned a number of children 's sids project , is run by well - known brisbane anti - vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger .	the book was panned by dr tenpenny to speak at the time .
known as ' ogle - 2014 - blg - 0124lb , ' - the galaxy ' was discovered by the spitzer space telescope in chile .	the planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing .
phylise davis - bowens attended bethune - cookman university in daytona beach , 42 , after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the dance team .	the 42 - year - old was still denied an audition for the 14 karat gold dancers .	she was seeking unspecified damages .
un officials say procedure should be offered to women and their babies .	just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean and the rate has more than doubled since early 1990s .
josiah , 18 , met marjorie a few years ago when he met while the pair were taking spanish lessons together .	the 18 - year - old older sister jill gave birth to her son israel david .
tristram hunt says he supported ukip because he wanted to get ' all the foreigners out the country ' .	shadow education secretary tristram hunt told mailonline she was ' embarrassed ' by the video .
the man had to be airlifted to the hospital after being bitten on the right side of his head as well as his back and torso .	the victim , who has not been identified , was airlifted to hospital .
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become so well - loved one fan has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members as a popular member of the community .	the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about jack and keep up to date with his daily activities .
the four - bedroom property has gone on the market for 25million .	it is being sold for 25million by the house in central london .	it was built in 2011 after developers knocked down the house .
stephen james remains one of the most in - demand models in the industry .	the 24 - year - old has starred in numerous men 's magazine shoots , and graced the runway .
falklands islands are defended by a squadron of raf typhoon aircraft operating from mount pleasant aerodrome on west falkland , supported by a refueling tanker to extend their operational area .	the details could be used as ' an invasion guide ' by argentina , with the technical information providing excellent intelligence to any argentine bombers sent to attack the islands .
copeland , 31 , and his wife , katrine saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22 - year - old man , shezoy bleary , interrupted them , thenew york postreported .	when copeland , who used to play for the new york knicks , told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow .
court judge susan garsh punished robert cusanelli of whdh - tv after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday .	the van was allegedly behind the jury bus as it headed towards an off - site parking lot where the jurors are dropped off at the end of the day .
footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach , florida , over the weekend .	at the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft - high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match .
pupil xiao gao , 11 , from fujian province , has not said a word in five days .	but medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to drink it .
ashley dodds , 29 , visited the red hot world buffet in deansgate , manchester .	her daughter , dennon , and her daughter 's friend , admitted to making the mistake .	ms dodds blamed ms dodds for leaving her daughter on her own .
the couple 's three bedroom home was bought in 2007 for $2 .	6 million .	ms goyer 's views are not ' extensive or iconic ' .	ms beachley 's views were not ' destroyed' ' of the streets .
richard iii 's skeleton found under a car park in leicester .	the last plantagenet king of england was described by william shakespeare as a ' poisonous bunch - back'd toad ' in his play depicting the monarch .	the last plantagenet king of england was described by william shakespeare as a ' poisonous bunch - back'd toad ' in his play depicting the monarch .
amelia - jane harris , 20 , was bullied at school and called ' fatty bum bum ' .	she developed crohn 's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six .	she was dubbed ' fatty [UNK] [UNK] .
earthquakes around azle , texas , shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes .	scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high - pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground .	in this image red squares are injector locations; pink arrows , approximate location of two large brine production wells .
justice diana has said that australian women should have the choice to be paid to be a surrogate mother .	justice diana bryant said the surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to stop a repeat of the baby gammy .
bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1 , 568 fake employee credentials , and then placed it on anonymous file sharing sites within the dark web .	the data was viewed more than 1 , 000 times and downloaded 47 times; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
the captain of flight ai611 complained that the co - pilot had misbehaved and struck him , the times of india reported .	the incident occurred shortly before it was scheduled to take off in the cockpit .
tonya stack , mike stack , claims that he was chosen to become a u.s. candidate .	he claims he was covered in soda by michael stack , kevin stack , a republican , wife of lieutenant governor mike strange , a political opponent .	he was sitting in the center of the race for a philadelphia district .
new poll by yougov ahead of charles and camilla 's 10th wedding anniversary reveals that 49 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana , princess of wales and 16 per cent were undecided .	when the prince and camilla became engaged in february 2005 , only 7 per cent of people polled by yougov thought camilla should one day be queen .
kyle iveson was jailed for three years at the preston crown court .	he was apprehended by his own mother - in - law in clitheroe , lancashire .	the robbery took place at the thorougoods shop in the shop where he was jailed .
former president bill clinton said he is ' proud ' of wife hillary rodham clinton 's presidential bid for the 2016 election .	the comment was said while on a visit to oklahoma city and is the first he 's made about his wife 's second presidential campaign .	the former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday .
kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her arrest .	the 50 - year - old has been charged with with public intoxication , trespassing and assault on a police officer .
betty johnson , 86 , was known as ' goodbye to her chiefs , ' her family said .	she passed away on thursday after a visit to chiefs hall of famer nick lowery .
sarah stage , a 30 - year - old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , has documented her changing figure via her instagrampage throughout her pregnancy .	the mother - to - be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure , claiming it could be doing damage to her unborn child .
chen chen , 38 , wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of hefei city .	the 38 - year - old has started dressing up as a horse and begging people to ride him .
john pat , 27 , was shot by the army in a field in benburb , county armagh .	he is being taken to northern ireland for questioning at police 's serious crime suite .
elad hershkowitz , of the zoological center in tel aviv , filmed animals drinking on a gopro camera he placed the camera in the animals ' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours .	some of the animals were initially sceptical .
katie hopkins has heaped praise on tony abbott 's government for its success in stopping the boats , which was a key election plank .	but her backhanded compliments may not sit well with our policy - makers and social justice groups , in which she claimed australia 's strategy of ' threatening them with violence until they bugger off' .
timothy fradeneck was arraigned on first - degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children , whose bodies were found monday in their eastpointe , michigan home .	authorities say that fradeneck used a usb cord to kill 37 - year - old christine fradeneck and the children , celeste fradeneck and timothy fradeneck iii .
baby elephant , nadia , tied to a pole outside a restaurant at marina phuket resort in december last year .	org petition , titled ' please release nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves!'	</s> , has received 50 , 627 signatures since it was launched a month ago .
top of the list is ' death ' for anyone who insults god or blasphemes against islam .	claims the list of ' religious punishments ' is a ' warning and deterrent ' .	claims to be ' spying for disbelievers ' is punishable by death .
the u.s. s surgeon general has enlisted elmo to urge american children to be vaccinated in the wake of a measles outbreak .	the campaign videos have been released amidst the debate over the measles outbreak that started at disneyland in december , sickened 147 .
stephen hogger , 55 , was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures as the congregation of st peter and st paul church filed in for the easter sunday service , thoughts naturally turned to the meaning of sacrifice .	the walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church , which is famed for its timber - framed tudor buildings , will be without a choir .
george osborne has avoided calls to rule out further help for the country 's top earners , offering vague answers when asked whether those raking in more than 50 , 000 could see the rate lowered .	instead he says the conservatives are committed to raising the tax - free personal allowance to 12 , 500 .
raffaele sollecito was cleared of killing british student meredith kercher .	the 31 - year - old was spotted out and about with a blonde companion this week looking through the lingerie section of a shop in rome , italy - days after he was seen looking at a 105 , 000 bmw at a car dealership in the city .	he later described the ruling as an ' end to the nightmare ' .	both knox and sollecito are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison .
the 4wd , containing four children and an adult , crashed into a lake in melbourne .	police believe that all children are under the age of six .	the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital .
the images were posted on social media , including the shomoukh al - islam jihadi forum .	the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration .	earlier this year the group was sending a message to the west .
the umbrella umbrella is abandoned in sydney 's cbd on april 21 .	workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media .	the umbrella graveyard .
richard sherman was born on february 5 , just four days after he and the seattle seahawks fell to the new england patriots in this year 's super bowl .	sherman and girlfriend ashley moss welcomed a son , rayden , and the seahawks lost the super bowl in the last year 's first preseason game .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on saturday .	her son , eli edwards , said his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother 's disappearance .
jafar adeli , john adeli , jailed for 27 months at leicester crown court .	he was arrested at a bus station in leicester after thinking he was going to meet a 14 - year - old girl in leicester .	adeli was jailed for ' amy 's ' 16 days after grooming a girl under 16 .
emily - jane , who runs the popular sitehow to survive a sleep thief , has compiled a list of the ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother .	they include bringing gifts for the mum and emily - read on to find out more .
melbourne - based jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm near wangaratta , northeast victoria .	he has contacted the local council and parks victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs .
joanne bolton , a mother - of - three , was stabbed in the head by her boyfriend .	the 35 - year - old was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder .
claire bainbridge , 47 , of west rainton , county durham , led a ' family business ' .	the 47 - year - old mother - of - two was allowed to pay back just 1 each .
unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well - heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory .	the company say they are now repairing bags worth 20 , 000 every day at the clinic on kings road in chelsea .
tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the iron age almost 2 , 300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of england and the mediterranean .	it was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between bristol and bath .
18 - year - old daughter of actor stephen baldwin stars in a new shoot for the may issue of elle magazine and is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star kendall jenner .	the 18 - year - old daughter of actor stephen baldwin , who stars in a new shoot for the may issue of elle magazine and is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star kendall jenner .
researchers found more than 500 women who had been treated with tamoxifen .	the study found the breast cancer tumours caused breast cancer cells to divide less frequency and die more often .	researchers found that caffeine caused the cells to grow the risk of cancer .
new approach will target cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs and cause the tumour to re - grow .	cancer that has spread and is incurable , known as secondary breast cancer , kills 1 , 000 women in britain every month .
a handful of peanuts are rich in vitamin e , which can reduce the risk of bladder and prostate cancer .	almonds are high in plant - based omega 3 fatty acids and antioxidants .
the survey of 757 parents was carried out by mumsnet , the uks largest internet community for parents .	nearly half of parents have not told their children how to dial 999 , with 53 per cent claim they had not taught them .
pan am , new york was one of the adverts inairline visual identity 1945 - 1975 , which revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of british overseas airways corp ( boac ) and continental .	the adverts were created by the biggest airlines of the day .
mathew sitko , 23 , of lewiston , idaho , crashed his car on wednesday morning .	he wrote a picture of the moment he pulled the man to the edge of a cliff .	he was named as the lewiston police department in lewiston , lewiston .
the labour leader said a second independence poll ' ain't going to happen ' .	he said the snp would be ' talking up ' with the snp - labour alliance .	mr miliband said he would be forced to accede to the snp 's demands .
kate - who was ordered to rehab by michael last year - is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of lindsay lohan .	tmz report that michael made a 911 call around 7:02pm on thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated .
christianne boudreau thought her son damien clairmont was going to egypt to study arabic in 2013 , but canadian authorities later told the calgary mother that her son had a hard time in his memory .	ms boudreau believes her son was bullied in high school when he was killed in syria .
wylie wylie , 5 , was a ' pony - sized dinosaur ' in the dallas area .	the fossils were discovered at the excavation site near a dallas excavation site .	experts say it is rare to find a nodosaur - sized fossils .
the airbus a380 will be advertised as having 544 seats instead of 3 - 5 - 3 .	airbus claims a rearrange of the airbus 380 cabin will be $20m per year .	airbus a380 is one of the quietest seats .
the 24 - year - old was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system .	about 70 per cent of people diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma have a swollen lymph node in their neck .	usually , the swollen nodes don't hurt .
91 - year - old artist 's often - copied sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip .	betty willis in her las vegas home on december 30 , 2004 , with a replica of the sign she designed in 1959 to lure tourists .
tykeran knight , 64 , was doing a paper round on his paper round in a hit - and - run .	he was jailed for a 11 - year - old great - grandfather on his morning paper round .
catherine gerhardt now uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online ' flamers ' she teaches the children to follow ice: ignore , communicate and exit in order to deter bullies .
the victorian building that houses it is built on the site of englands first hospital for the mentally ill - the bethlehem royal hospital .	fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky , celebrity - baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists .
rony john , 15 , died after jumping into the river great ouse in hartford , cambridgeshire , despite being unable to swim .	the coroner said she would now write to government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education .
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury , connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3 - year - old girl , and then burning her legs , arms and hands on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain .	the girl 's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl .
stasi - east germany 's secret police - forced people to pose for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents intended to inculcate in them awareness of the lengths people would go to in order to try to escape the workers ' paradise .
new poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of britons who said their pet dog was more important to them than their in - laws .	more than one in 10 british families now live in blended families as more people with children divorce , remarry other parents and their households merge .
andrea french , 46 , was killed by her ex - boyfriend meyrick fowler .	she went on to rest in 1999 after being flung at a wall by her father .	andrea 's body was returned to ms french 's funeral in 1999 .
advert for bottled water should be 5ft 6in in height and have a 25in waist , the advert states .	their low hip measurement should be 36in while their high hip should come in at 35in .	those afflicted with bingo wings will wince at miss millers top arm circumference a sparrow - like 10in .
many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands .	ignorant that they must fork out for a new digital one even if the existing paper disc is months from expiry rising numbers of drivers are falling prey to clampers .	drivers have faced bills of up to 800 to get their impounded vehicles back .
tom schweich openly contemplated committing suicide for years before he shot himself on february 26 , according to new police reports on the republican gubernatorial candidate 's death released tuesday .	police in the st .	louis suburb of clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of schweich , who was running as a republican candidate for governor in 2016 , was anything other than a suicide .
china 's longest mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in pingjiang county , hunan province , is well - known for its mountains .	chinese officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to china .
french second foreign parachute regiment released by french defence audio - visual communication and production unit .	taken during an airborne operation at the ' salvador pass ' at the border between libya and niger , the shots show part of the anti - jihadist operation in the sahel the desert region which stretches across north africa .
arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide .	they hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the world 's worst .
the all - gender restroom opened in the eisenhower executive office building .	the facility is the first of its kind at the white house .	the move comes after obama 's executive order on lgbt workplace discrimination .
four young sisters were taken from their mother 's home in italy .	they were taken by their abusive father back in italy and now they are being sent back to the ' monster ' against their will .	the scenes of the girl 's mother portrayed the cruelty of the family and the girls ' mother 's family .
team of experts at brandeis university in massachusetts have a few words of wisdom , urging students to put down the coffee and sleep .	they believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short - term memories into long - term ones , work most effectively when a person is asleep .
rugby prop dale forrest , 26 , of bolton , would sink up to 12 pints a night , but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends .	in december 2013 , the bank teller decided to ditch the booze , give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym .
author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city and provides lots of little - known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay .	mailonline travel chatted with tomsky to get the answers to some of our most burning hotel questions .
robert tomanovich , who owns robert 's discount tree service in livonia , michigan , first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ain't coming down , ' on a fence at his home .	when neighbours complained , a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree - cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street .
coeliac can be identified on specific blood tests and crohn 's on a thorough history .	as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer .	mouth ulcers may seem like a minor condition .
fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter was sentenced to 5 years in jail , three months of community service and a $5 , 000 fine .	the judge called the cheating scandal ' the sickest thing that 's ever happened in this town ' .	she was the only one of the accused to took a plea deal and was sentenced .
tavon watson was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry on sunday when he lost control of the italian supercar at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in florida .	father - of - one terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable .
tony ashcroft 's vote has fallen in second place in the uk .	the ukip leader has been picking up a third in most of the tories .	the tories are planning to vote for the tories in the last five months .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey claims she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce , but when she pulled him off her shoulder .	the mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old , was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child after a medical examiner .
the video is complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change .	tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .
love food hate waste will store details of all the foods you have at home .	chefs eat , 10 .	99 ios with more than 3 , 000 chef recommendations .	jamie oliver 's app comes with easy recipes .
iran 's foreign ministry has said the two boys , aged 14 and 15 , were abused while returning from an off - season pilgrimage .	the announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers , particularly over saudi - led airstrikes in yemen .
margaret gretton ' exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race ' .	panel said ms gretton ' do you like black men ' and said she didn't want to encourage children ' like that to come to the school ' .	ms gretton said she was ' clear [UNK] .
mother - of - 13 annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , is due to give birth to quadruplets at the age of 65 .	the mother previously conceived following 18 months of fertility .
the ben canaans fled some 300km south to the town of timaru , where supporters from the marchwiel reformed baptist church community have helped them adapt to a world where christmas and birthdays are celebrated and money is used to purchase goods and services .	ben canaan 's aunt , miracle , who herself fled the picturesque commune with her husband and ten children around six years ago .
john kerry ' is delusional ' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they didn't and get away with it , says the chairman of the senate armed services committee , john mccain . '	i think john kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods , hoping maybe that the iranians wouldnt say much about it .
hannah moore , a 19 - year - old woman , suffered from underwear in june last year .	she gave birth to her bottom of her bottom in underwear in her underwear .	she claims her account was a ' picture of my belly and it has the [UNK] .
australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression .	the minister for investment and trade , who battled depression for 43 years , appeared on abc 's q&a program , and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach .
rebecca calder , 24 , was jailed for a year today , went out on same night she used her victims ' bank account to withdraw large amounts of money .	at her peak she was draining up to 300 a day from her disabled victims ' accounts , spending it on nights out and items .
rajul patel , 35 , stole 30 , 000 worth of rolex watches , jewellery and iphones from wealthy gym members across london .	patel took a man 's platinum wedding ring , first - year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet .
liam marshall - ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke - on - trent central .	he is also seen posing with close friends ' like a normal person ' . '	you can interact with people - important to the role of a politician ' .
trevor vale , whose wife ' fought as a soldier in timor and afghanistan , posted the video online from behind the wheel of his truck .	in the video that has been viewed over 800 , 000 times , mr vale calls on australians to make it their business .
ronnie lungu was singled out as ' a marked man ' by wiltshire police .	the 40 - year - old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues .	tribunal ruled the father - of - two joined the force as a police constable .
tavon watson was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry on sunday when he lost control of the italian supercar at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in florida .	father - of - one terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable .
pentagon announced tuesday plans to exhume the bodies of some 400 sailors and marines killed when the uss oklahoma sank in the bombing of pearl harbor .	the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7 , 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces .	altogether , 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed .
max muggeridge , 19 , from alexia , was camping at tweed heads across the nsw border with his girlfriend .	the 19 - year - old spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore .	he believes it could have been world record size .
aaron hernandez , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of lloyd , a semiprofessional football player , a defense attorney .	the former new england patriots player , odin lloyd , faces a maximum penalty of life in prison .	if convicted , hernandez faces a semi - life prison sentence for the murder of odin lloyd .
yaphet kotto said he was ' established as a white character ' .	he said the role was created by ian fleming for a white actor and ' political correctness ' .	idris elba is in the running to be named as the next successor .
labour said the'marie antoinette ' moment by the work and pensions secretary showed ' just how out of touch the tories are ' about the lives of working people ' .	the future of zero - hours deals has become of the key issues of the election battle over jobs , with labour pledging to ban exploitative deals .
mike gallagher , 67 , faced wide - spread criticism after fat shaming kelly clarkson in a radio interview .	he said the ' american idol ' winner has ' a lovely voice' , but added that she ' could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while' .	within minutes , wallace 's response had sparked outrage online .
vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions .	the vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions .	the tenth edition of the annual course , exorcism and prayer of liberation , sponsored by the vatican congregation for the clergy , the department responsible for overseeing matters regarding priests .
de blasio threw out the first pitch at fenway park in brooklyn .	he was the widow of american sniper chris de blasio .	de blasio has been endorsed by mayor de blasio at a time .
the strippers were hired by the deceased 's own wife , the people 's daily onlinereported .	they were treated to a sexy performance by two scantily - clad strippers .	the exotic dancers were used to take photos and videos .
16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as azealia banks , alabama shakes and interpol .	this year 's lineup includes rapper drake , florence and the machine , fka twigs , david guetta , alt - j and toro y moi among others .
the mother of two - year - old boy , two , fell into the pit at the cleveland metroparks zoo on saturday .	the boy was rescued by his parents from the cheetah in the pit of the cheetahs at the zoo in the cleveland zoo .	he was the father of the boy , and his parents were in the cheetah exhibit .
prince rahim 's son prince rahim was born in the aga khan 's son .	prince rahim is a boy named prince rahim , 41 , who has given birth to her son .	the model , a seattle - born boy , has been known as princess salwa .
whitney fetters , a 28 - year - old teacher , has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and a minor , one count of possession of marijuana .	the teacher allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was home - sitting ' so they could have sex' .
22 - year - old karlie attended the coding course in new york last year .	she says it 's crucial to share her passion with other girls across the country .	karlie can be seen working with other students in the uk .
the collection was inspired by seventies model becky cooper and bridget yorston - aka bec and bridge .	the 120 piece ready - to - wear collection was on the catwalk atmercedes - benz fashion week .
more than 100 people have been kicked out of their classes at schools in spokane .	the virus has swept several states in america and the u.s. .	health experts say it could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles .
leeds - based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix .	they asked people to pick their top ten everyday emergencies - things that caused them an undue amount of stress in their daily lives .	groups from london - based design company makerversity were then asked to design products .
the deputy prime minister was met by protesters in surbiton , south west london .	he said he was ' a very dangerous man' , the lib dem leader said .	mr clegg said the prime minister is ' a perfectly dangerous man' .
christina mejia , 20 , was killed in the early hours of the morning hours of december .	the trial is scheduled to begin next week .	the photos were taken by the sheriff 's office in order to begin the scene .
threatened: sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to 47 , 000 a kilo .	the white rhino is the last surviving male of his species .
moira gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at st james 's palace where she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster .	she had begun a new role at the royal collection trust .
dustin irons was appearing over video - link to a court in oregon .	he managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture , despite being in handcuffs .	the outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court .
tony tancock , 56 , was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in crediton , devon , to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind .	he believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show - quality guinea pigs .
michael scott shemansky was found dead at the home of his mother 's death .	the body was found at the west colonial drive home when an out - of - state family member called in a well - being check .
former white house aide kristina schake is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex - secretary of state , hillary clinton - elected president .	she will attempt to turn the 67 - year - old politician - who is expected to announce her run for white house this month - from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer .
the car jumped on the bonnet of her white honda .	he was taken to hospital where he is recovering in the shoulder .	the car was driving off at speed regardless of the car .
thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios by rival parishioners in their traditional mock war .	dozens of brave souls even attend the late - night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani while the annual battle is held even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire .
the queen and princess margaret recorded a recording of the queen 's 90th birthday .	the queen , princess margaret , recorded a drink of favourite children in 1990 .	it was lost to the queen mother 's death in 2002 .
matthew kenney , 34 , told police he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to kill him .	he has been nicknamed ' $5 insanity ' for the mind - bending effects and cheap cost .	flakka is usually made from the chemical alpha - pvp , a synthetic version of the stimulant .
the image of 19th - century british travellers is perhaps known as the amazon basin in the mid - century .	the pair were set off to explore the iriri river in a remote part of the amazon .	one of them , richard spruce , became the first englishman to be killed by an uncontacted .
activision blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year .	called guitar hero live , the revamped game features a redesigned guitar , live - action actors and an online music video network .	it will cast players as an up - and - coming guitarist in a fictitious band .
anne - louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer .	she tragically died in a canadian hospital check - up for her baby girl .	she died six days after giving birth to her second child .
the vietnamese woman was waiting to board at tan son nhat international airport in ho chi minh city , vietnam , when the incident took place .	the woman , who has been named locally as nguyen thi hang , 35 , was stopped by a vietjet air employee who believed her two pieces of hand luggage weighed more than the 7kg permitted .
jiaro acevedo and elias acevedo were treated for lacerations to their body .	they were taken to hospital where they were arguing over which phone was better , police said .	police said the men covered in blood with lacerations to his body .
paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to mark singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence .	the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on monday .	qantas have released photos of koalas in business class being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves the four koalas .
dan price is the ceo of the company 's $2 .	5million minimum wage in the past three years .	over the last three years , the move will eat up $70 , 000 salary .
some of the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of the year .	it comes as the spike is likely to last before the same time last year .	experts believe people are buying the books and selling the koran .
tech giant'sdirector of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer .	role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state 's brand through the 2016 elections .
the developer has submitted fresh plans to demolish the john nash - designed park crescent west and rebuild it as ultra - posh apartments .	the revamp will be made up of 73 homes in the early 19th century .
a tree in sydney 's inner city was crushed by a fallen tree in redfern in surry coast .	nsw ses has received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday .
japanese artist , megumi igarashi , said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3d printer .	artist megumi igarashi could face up to two years in jail if convicted .
the water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year .	locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia .
prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk , vegetables and meat as they compete with each other and with emerging budget chains for customers .	this is the biggest fall in prices in a single year since records began nine years ago , in 2006 .
audrey bolte , 29 , was shot in the face of his girlfriend 's home in newport , ohio , on monday , a court heard .	hubers hubers , who was 21 , was killed in the death of his first - degree murder of his wife and his wife doris .
claudio giardiello , 46 , is said to have first killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani , 37 , and his co - defendant before shooting dead judge fernando ciampi inan act of revenge ' against those that ruined me' .	prosecutors said the attack was carried out with ' cold premeditation' .
40 - year - old former celebrity big brother contestant said vessels need pushing back and asked listeners to a radio show: why do we take on everyone else 's problem ?	more than 900 people are feared dead after the fishing boat overturned in the mediterranean at midnight yesterday in one of the worst maritime disasters .
new ecb chairman condemned as mediocre .	they failed at the first attempt in what became close to a carbon - copy of the last test as holder , batting with a maturity way beyond his batting position and his tender years , not only held out but went to his century in some style .	west indies held on for a draw with nine wickets down after england had set them a vast target .
the collectors paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood - panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards .	the three - bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen , a brick open - face fire and dated kitchen sink .
samantha and david cameron 's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert william hanson 's books .	william says that there are several items that you are required to own for your home .
alleged stalker , patrick henry kelly , from eden prairie , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week .	he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted . '	this has been a tough year for me , ' lucia wrote in the online letter .
norway 's lithuanian talk show an hour with ruta , which aired on the nordic country 's ' inbreeding in the world ' .	earlier this year , lithuania 's lithuanian children were taken into care from their parents .
george davon kennedy , a student at middle tennessee state university , was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video of a 19 - year - old woman in panama city .	the recording depicts a seemingly normal day at the beach for dozens of bikini - clad spring breakers .
the irish aviation authority has decided to probe the incident .	two women were spotted coming out of the cockpit of a ryanair flight .	they were known to be off - duty ryanair members .
andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , shed more than three stone .	dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year .	colleagues thought robbie had traded his wife in for a younger model .
uk oil & gas investments discovered a world class potential resource beneath the home counties .	the oil exploration company claimed analysis of a well near gatwick airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald basin , covering surrey , sussex , hampshire and kent .
nicholson - of - four david nicholson allegedly used his school email to send messages to the costello school in basingstoke , wiltshire .	mr nicholson , 48 , is accused of using his official email to set up a threesome with a prostitute .	the married father of four has not returned to the school .
15 - year - old lauren 's daughter , lauren , is thought to have been missing since monday .	she was found in missouri on monday afternoon .	lauren 's mother found out her daughter 's home in missouri .	lauren has been found in online chat and twitter .
mum gitte denteneer asked staff at the rubens eaterie in leuven , belgium .	but when she came to pay , she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill .	the restaurant manager said the baby was ' flabbergasted ' .
unnamed caller gave the operator a blow - by - blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday .	the 7 - minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents , danielle and alexander meitiv , who espouse the hands - off parenting style .
the 16 - year - old wore a maxi dress in a floral - print tunic that seemed to resemble a tiered dress will smith 's son jaden smith , 16 .	this year festival - goers wore a full bodysuit .
habeeb latheef , 37 , accused of sexually assaulting three women .	the 37 - year - old said to have told the women to turn away from him .	latheef , of yeovil , denies three charges of sexual assault .
joshua corbett , 50 , has pleaded not guilty to charges of stalking and burglary this week .	he faces charges of illegal assault and burglary .	kim kardashian , kim kardashian and kim kardashian .
a two - year - old girl was found sitting alone in a parking lot of a burger restaurant 13 miles away .	police are searching for the driver of a white recent - model nissan altima .
rajee rajee was one of the victims of ' toxic tush ' .	she was recently treated by dr paul nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of botched .
olivia phillips , 30 , took to the streets of dubai dressed as the iconic doll .	olivia wore the spray - on leather skirt suit to the sound of aqua 's iconic 90s .	admits she felt like a saucy girl .
five - day - old calf was caught up in a fight between two adults .	the hippo was hurled into the air before being caught up .	the mother of the calf thought the baby was thrown into the jaws .
principal andrew barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after an investigation , which included a search of his computer , after the photograph appeared on snapchat .	this is the photograph circulating on social media that is believed to show principal andrew barr watching pornography in his office at geelong college daily mail australia .
the plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight .	the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured in the crash .	the hole was at a point in the nose of the plane .
32 - year - old admitted that his father was in charge of 65 taliban troops .	he claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in kandahar .	he fled to britain after taliban fighters tried to track him down .
the 31 - year - old has been found guilty of killing 1 , 000 dogs in russia .	he was arrested as part of a campaign by animal - rights activists .	animal charities were furious when judge handed a fine of just 200 .
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and burst out of the room .	he was told he was ' haunted ' by the incident in the 1970s and 80s .	mr lawler has now been told he has been haunted by the palace .
netflix 's foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed us women 's prison drama orange is the new black by screening every episode in a full season marathon .	a kink in the agreement with us studio lionsgate - under which both foxtel and rival netflix share the rights - allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on - demand streaming title as well .
red squirrels have been spotted in windermere , windermere , isle of wight and scotland .	experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area .	since 1952 , 95% of reds have been wiped out in the wild .
pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1 .	3million social tenants was the centrepiece of tuesdays tory manifesto launch .	housing associations responded furiously with one board member lambasting the proposal as the right to steal .	there were even threats of a legal challenge , potentially under european human rights laws .
twin boys , 18 - month - old boys , died after falling in the arizona canal last week .	authorities have not confirmed any information on how the boys ended up in the water .	the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys have raised over $10 , 000 .
american model and actress says cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body .	the american model saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring t .
the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town .	when leigh wore it in the movie , it was slate blue - gray but over the years it has faded to light gray .
five bedroom home , based in the same building where 1950s pin - up , ava gardner spent her last year .	it has a grand double - sized reception room , private study and kitchen/dining room with a premium of 17 , 000 a year .
hillary clinton ended her whirlwind new hampshire campaign swing on tuesday afternoon in another state entirely , taking taxpayers for an 80 miles - per - hour ride all the way to boston to catch a flight with first class seats .	her secret service - provided ' scooby ' van motored from concord to boston logan international airport , escorted by troopers from both new hampshire and massachusetts .	she arrived in time to take a 7:00 p .	m . us airways shuttle to washington , d .	c . airport .
her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday .	sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot , which she shared on sunday with her 1 .	6 million instagramfollowers .
goodall was given nine - month suspended sentence and ordered to pay back just 1 as she has no assets .	she worked for the premier inn in newcastle and was given a suspended sentence .
a utah national guard officer was sacked and three soldiers were disciplined for their involvement in the four - day shoot last year .	the utah national soldier was sacked last year and forced to pay back the $200 in military fuel that was used for the shoot .	three soldiers have been disciplined for four years .
isis is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat islamic states domination of the internet .	earlier this year , it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2 , 000 troops .
jaclyn methuen nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she wanted to be a total stranger to her new husband in the ' friend zone ' . '	i just feel pure [UNK] .
leonhart leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job .	she is expected to resign soon , an justice department official said .	the dea said she was ' woefully unable to change ' the agency 's culture .
dr . dr . dr . de - [UNK] patel , clinical director at the elleven practice in london , has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the ' desk diet' ' .	eating cereals can contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar per serving this is around two and a half .
eddie raymond tipton , 51 , of norwalk , iowa , was charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in january for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize , but now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure he would win .
jan bearman , a shell , died in 2011 at the age of one of shell 's granddaughters .	she was prompted by the death of her daughter and her daughter .	she said she was ' just such a gorgeous girl , ' she said .
manager of the deli in brooklyn said detective ian cyrus has been suspended without pay , was caught on camera stealing cash .	his supervisor has been suspended without pay , was caught on camera stealing cash .
andy murray 's mother judy has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears judy went on to reveal that she wasn't sure when her 27 - year - old son would have children but she knows that he wants them .
first farmers came to europe 8 , 000 years ago and spread early agricultural practices , starting in greece .	experts from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences studied neolithic ornaments .
levi acre - kendall , 19 , was charged with one count of first - degree reckless homicide on friday night .	he was just 34 the suspect , who was held on$125 , 000 bail , is now facing a maximum sentence of combined prison and extended supervision .
andrew hennells posted details of his plans to the social networking site .	he was arrested in a nearby pub with a knife and 410 in stolen cash .	the 31 - year - old , of gaywood , king 's lynn , said he was ' [UNK] .
baby seals has stained the pristine white snow of canada 's ice floes as the world 's largest annual marine mammal slaughter begins .	horrifying images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded before they are dragged onto a vessel .	photographs of this year 's commercial hunt off the coast of newfoundland were captured by animal rights charity humane society international .
charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body .	cracks at the side of the mouth are important for the health of the nervous system .	b vitamins are often referred to as the anti - stress response .
french photographer and illustrator , thomas lamadieu , takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built - up areas to create a frame of buildings .	the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ' sky art' .
lewis lewis , 27 , was reunited with his son and his father - of - two .	mr goddard says his life is now ' deleting ' to his father and his son .	he was involved in a ' car accident ' after his wife 's death .
krista dotzenrod , a 24 - year - old krista dotzenrod from minnesota , said it was ' pure luck ' .	the woman , 24 , said she was sitting in her full cup of beer in the game .
the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .	the car is only a concept for now , but offers a glimpse at mobility of the future .	chevrolet said the car offered a self - driving electric vehicle .
victoria mckennon is just one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements to graduate from plano senior high school in texas .	the 17 - year - old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her life - threatening condition .
the 59 - year - old was struggling to have a life - threatening condition .	instead , a longer 30 minute response time was assigned to the family of a woman who died after errors by emergency call operators .
pietro boselli , 26 , originally from brescia , italy , says that he originally tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues at the university college london ( ucl ) where he taught for fear they might ' look down on him' .
husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped and he ran her over .	police say they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him .
group of nevada sex workers have come out in favor of democratic contender hillary clinton for president .	the group , calling themselves hookers for hillary , all work at dennis hof 's infamous moonlite bunny ranch in carson city .	the legal brothel , which was the subject of hbo 's cathouse series , has drafted a four - point platform explaining their endorsement .	the affordable health care act made health insurance available for the first time ever to the 500 independent contractors employed by dennis hof .
the beach - side building in the sandpiper complex is used to control the flames .	the fire spread the paint off nearby may and november .	it is not known what started the blaze , which is open between may and buildings .
kim jong - un learned to drive when he was three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine .	the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea .
william and kate are currently prepping for the birth of the second royal baby , which has spurred guesses on the sex and name questioning 1713 brits and 1124 americans , the survey revealed that after the excitement of a baby boy in blue in 2013 , this time around , both desire a baby girl .
british officers forced to accept four - day inspection of the experts from moscow .	defence secretary michael fallon said the exercise will send a signal to the president in the face of continuing exercise .	the exercise , involving 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3 , 000 land forces would show the world .
ronald peijenburg , owner of the de zwann restaurantin - leur , has previously used a formula 1 racing car , hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable .	but the drone , which had a metal can attached containing several asparagus stalks , crashed and exploded mid - journey in the netherlands .
geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , was charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinementin the death of samantha fleming , a 23 - year - old samantha fleming .	police believe fleming , 23 , was lured to her home in anderson , indiana on april 5 .	police say jones was lured from her home by police in texas .
circuit judge michael maggio posted a series of comments that were ' racist , sexist and offensive ' towards the lgbt community over the past several years .	maggio said it was ' just a $250 , 000 fine ' because of a bribery conviction .
mandy greenwood , 39 , jailed for 22 years for a catalogue of abuse against three children ' he would tell me: ' i'm only doing this because i love you ' .	mandy greenwood , 39 , from rochdale , greater manchester , said: ' my dad used to tell me he only did it because he loved me .	mandy greenwood has spoken out about the father who abused her as a child mandy carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years .
eric lanlard is on - stage recalling how he once refused to bake a ' very rude ' cake for naomi campbell .	the 3 , 600 - passenger , union jack - adorned britannia is the largest ship built for the british market in cartagena in spain , guide pedro teaches us about traditional spanish cuisine on a wine and tapas tour .
amol gupta , from manhattan , has filed a lawsuit claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow , and also injuring his spine .	he is suing for unspecified damages .
the video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the ' end of days ' group brawling with cops in cottonwood , arizona , on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight .	enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight and suspect david gaver , 28 , was shot in the stomach and taken into custody .
the 53 - year - old revealed the results of a week living in barbados .	the 53 year old has previously holidayed in the area with her girlfriend phillipa sage .	frances has previously apologised to mr sage 's husband .
kaitlyn granado , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , irving , texas , was arrested on administrative leave for having sex with a 15 - year - old student , 15 , in her car on march .	she was arrested last month after she was released on bail .
nathalie croquet , from paris , has recreated the ads for her project spoof .	the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy , lancome , lanvin and acne .	nathalie has shot the images of famous designers and brands .
namibia 's glitzy new airport is named for the airport in malaga , spain .	the airport codes are known as iata location identifiers , which is often used as shorthand for the tag .
hillary and huma abedin didn't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an ohio chipotle on monday .	the first time they had been seen since they started their cross - country road trip .	but nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45 - minute meal .
jay rutland , 34 , is married to the 30 - year - old daughter of formula one boss bernie ecclestone , saw his company bring in just 3 , 378 over the 12 months to july 2014 .	the training consultants firm brigante business developments , based in battersea , south - west london , is listed in company records as providing management consultancy activities .
ex - pm said he wanted to create a cadre of former leaders to advise governments .	he said hisideas of leadership was close to a ' benevolent dictatorship ' .	mr blair said he hoped to stay active in both politics and business well .
around 10 per cent of players have completed the app 's 50 levels .	the app can be completed and has 50 levels in the app store .	this is the description of the game in stores .
james gregoire , 21 , arrested on suspicion of murder in clacton , essex .	he is being questioned in connection with the death of the man , who was killed .	the 21 - year - old was jailed for two years in essex for the death .
netflix is near the top of the pile , paying a median of $180 , 000 a year .	to make it on to the payrolls of the top companies , law firms and consulting firms .
michael slager , 33 , can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer .	scott , 50 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .	slager was released to the media on tuesday .
truckers from bulgaria , poland and romania are being offered 100 for each driver they manage to lure into britain from their home country .	truckers from eastern europe are being forced to work in the uk .
more than 3 , 000 people have signed a barricade on a bridge in the bridge in georgia .	shannon hamilton was arrested by deputies on gene nix road on sunday .	the father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone and posted a video on facebook .
huang funeng , 76 , lost his sight to a ' degenerative eye disease ' .	she describes everything she sees and encounters to him on their daily walks . '	pictures of true [UNK] .
a group of eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of islamist gunmen in libya .	he and his brother samuel , 14 , arrived in sicily a week ago , just days before around 900 people died .
aluminium battery created at stanford university , stanford university .	it is said to be the first high - performance aluminium battery that is ' fast - charging , long - lasting and inexpensive ' .	the new battery has ' unprecedented charging times' .
26 - year - old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw , on friday afternoon .	her grieving father robert explained that it is in the hands of the coroner .	ms scott 's family has made contact with her family .
vera baird donated 500 , 000 to victims first northumbria , a charity which supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director .	sitting alongside her on the organisation 's top table is sue sim , northumbria 's chief constable , records revealed .	critics accuse them of concocting ' a soap opera ' within the force .
the 56 - page notebook was sold for $1 , 025 , 000 ( 698 , 000 ) in a fine books & manuscripts sale at bonhams in new york on monday .	the notes are believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist , the auctioneer said .
former destrehan high school teacher shelley dufresne was arrested in september after the teen in question started bragging to friends at the st charles parish , louisiana school that he had slept with two teachers .	an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current english teacher at the time , dufresne , and his english teacher from the prior year .	respess taught the same student english the year prior though she originally pleaded not guilty in november .
on the market for $15 million , the property is located within 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of far north queensland beachfront .	the property boasts six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies , a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 .
the chair of the under - 30s said they are in pain on a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems .	almost one in four said that they had a painful part in the past .
britain is the most expensive version of the world 's highest rates in the uk .	britain has one of the highest rates of the uk , and $17 , 000 in the respective states .	the gadget is currently available in the us , with all sales taxes .
bmw driver rammed a shirtless man in the street after a furious road rage row in east london .	distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the 25 - year - old driver of the white bmw accelerating and hitting the other man in broad daylight .	he was taken to a north london police station and later released on police bail .
maya angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning , which she read at bill clinton 's inauguration in 1993 , was issued a forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions .
the ship docked in the southern california city of san diego , florida , and the legend of the seas reported the illness .	the ship previously sent a crew aboard the ship in san diego for 15 - hours cruises .
the 19 - year - old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ' ready for it'campaign ' .	the star 's first endorsement for ella henderson has been revealed .
eloise parry , known as ella , ' burned up from the inside ' after realising she was in grave danger as there is no antidote to dnp , which is toxic .	her mother , ella , has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .
the 56 - page book is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist .	he wrote that the notebook was ' extremely difficult ' and paved the way for computer science .	it will be sold by bonhams in new york on monday .
marc carn , 29 , from plymouth , devon , was stranded for 20 hours .	he was forced to turn up for his flight back home on saturday night .	the 29 - year - old was stranded with ten friends near the spanish city .
peter endean is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re - tweeted an image with a caption that said: ' labour 's new floating voters ' .	around 1 , 300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make - shift boats .
ken clarke , who has served four years in david cameron , is one of the few remaining tory cheerleaders for the european union .	mr clarke has served under david cameron 's cabinet and david cameron .
tory leader was urged to avoid ' name calling ' tactics against ed miliband .	mr cameron has been criticised for failing to engage with ordinary voters .	labour leader ed miliband has been urged to resign .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .	the details of the drunken party emerged when lehnardt met with her alcoholics anonymous sponsor last friday and told her about the wild party .
the 100th anniversary of the landing of anzac troops at gallipoli during wwii .	the coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of the graves of fallen soldiers .	they will be in the circulation from monday .
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindilate on thursday .	his release was slammed with indians calling it an ' insult ' to the victims of three - day onslaught .
the feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social networks mobile app , complete with an illustrative picture , but it 's currently only available to selected people for testing .	a facebook spokesman said millions of people already use the sidebar to quickly find and contact their friends .
cell phone footage recorded by the unnamed customer , starts with the woman repeatedly asking for a refund , but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument . '	i don't give a f*** , ' the employee said .
the walk - out will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours .	experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be affected by the strike .
court records show he was $7 , 500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday .	he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments .	family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop .
mother , who will be identified , turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police .	the baby girl was taken to hospital where she is in hospital and will be charged .
the survey , conducted by beauty research organizationlqs and associates , looked at the lengths 1 , 000 american women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity , and the potentially disastrous consequences they might face in doing so , including hair loss , skin swelling , and overly painful procedures .
student drew hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement .	but as he helped her for less than a minute , a traffic warden put a 70 ticket on his car .	mr hollinshead said the way he had been treated was ridiculous .
detention centre operator transfield services said the employees who are part of nauru 's emergency response team - were found to be contravening a company policy that they display ' cultural sensitivity' .	a former staffer at transfield subcontractor wilson security said the guards seven of whom are former australian defence personnel - ' frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as " .
the 72 - year - old is reprising her role as princess leia , and mark hamill , 63 , who is luke boyega , were arm - in - arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the december movie was rolled out .	he is the franchise 's han solo , producer kathleen kennedy said .
maria kukucova , 25 , was arrested in april last year after his ex - girlfriend andy bush was found dead in his five - bedroom home in estepona , spain .	the parents of a slovakian ex - boyfriend are being forced to sell their home to pay her legal bills .
new metro line extension opened this week in czech capital transporting travellers closer to the airport than ever before but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesnt have a moving staircase .	that means porters are left to carry travellers heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station , in north - west prague , from 5am to 10pm every day , free of charge .
former california gov .	schwarzenegger says the new laws are ' distracting and divisive ' for the gop party .	the new measures have sparked a ' religious freedom restoration act ' .	the republican party has made a campaign campaign against indiana .
marcus and his 9 - year - old sister aaliyah were trapped in a second - floor home in the home of their home in clinton .	he was rescued from the scene after the fire broke out on the first floor of the home .
mr scheurle urged the aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the germanwings crash last month .	investigators believe co - pilot andreas lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a french mountainside on march 24 , killing all 150 people on board .
four - year - old cockapoo , four , has found 65 per cent of landmarks including new york , berlin , london , stockholm , stockholm , milan and paris .	she takes more trips with her owner every year than the dog .
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his car and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in the college of applied engineering .	the 56 - year - old is due in court next week and plans to plead guilty .	he was charged with menacing , a fourth - degree misdemeanor .
oskar groening - known as ' the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' is set to go on trial for the killing of 300 , 000 people at the 48 - year - old ss sergeant in the auschwitz camp .	groening , known as a guard for his role in the camp in nazi - occupied poland , was in auschwitz .
tinie tempah stormed out in disgust at an ' intimate gig ' in canterbury last night .	the event was advertised as ' an exclusive and intimate gig with one of britain 's most talented [UNK] .
hoda muthana , 20 , told how she abandoned her home in hoover , alabama , after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a ' muslim ' .	she fled to raqqa , syria , after a year of [UNK] she was killed in the airstrike .
all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their tour dates .	they have been arrested on the first leg of their u.s. tour concert .	migos marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari migos , 23 , were arrested on saturday night .
the national union of teachers has called for a positive portrayal of same sex relationships in lessons to be made compulsory under the next government .	it said mps had a duty to tackle homophobia , biphobia and transphobia in schools and create a positive climate of understanding about sexuality .
michael slager , 33 , can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer .	scott , 50 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .	slager was released to the media on tuesday .
chris keates , general secretary of the nasuwt , likened the caffeinated refreshments to readily available legal highs .	teaching union is now working with national drug and alcohol charity swanswell to provide pupils , parents and teachers with advice on energy drinks .
minneapolis police officer , faysal mohamed , lasts 45 minutes .	police confirmed they were being investigated for racial profiling .	police say they were ' honest ' and ' it 's not part of the officers .
the 25 - year - old boat was found floating off the coast of oregon in lincoln county , oregon , on thursday .	the particles were found in the coastal waters of japan in the gulf of alaska .
study of people 's spending habits shows people are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages .	spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months , while entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre , cinema , museums and amusement parks .
leroy hall jr , 48 , was convicted of murder in 1991 and 1985 .	the tennessee supreme court has vacated the execution dates of the last four men on the state 's death row as new lethal injection methods are .
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself , police say .	the unnamed woman was discovered around 8 .	20am sunday hanging from the third - floor fire escape of her apartment building on utica ave .	one man , who declined to give his name , told the new york dailynews that he awoke to find the woman 's body hanging outside his apartment .
grant shapps tweeted that he was a ' great job ' as an extreme dirty tricks campaign .	he said he was ' a great job as a false ' picture of mr shapps .
jessica silva 's ex partner , james polkinghorne sent her a text message threatening to ' cave her f***ing head in ' and ' bash the f*** ' out of her before arriving at her marrickville home fuelled on ' ice ' on mothers day in 2012 .	fearing for her life , ms silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said , ' mum , the psycho is coming .
non - identical twins were all born in the uk , according to the department of twin studies .	deciding who will vote for may have more to do with your family than who won .
the skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from koreas silla dynasty , leading some experts suggesting that the set - up could even have been designed to show two people having sex .	an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers .
rev . sharpton preached at charity missionary baptist church and addressed the scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation during his sermon .	elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance and south carolina senator marlon kimpson was also there to hear sharpton speak .	sharpton denied scott 's family barred him from attending his funeral on saturday .
a poll of 2 , 000 britons found two in five had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes .	one in 10 had injured their back , one in ten had cut themselves .
shailene , who is a big fan of natural beauty , has confessed to cooking the vibrant vegetable to use it as an alternative to lipstick .	insurgent actress shailene woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot .
joseph o'riordan , 76 , left his wife mandy , 47 , with life - threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity .	but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover , nick gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds .
nafir afzal said teenagers see isis as ' pop idols ' like one direction and justin bieber .	he said britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation .	mr afzal said children are ' manipulated ' by islamists .
boris johnson will movecentre stage in the conservative election campaign next week .	there have been growing calls from conservative mps to be weaponised as the party seeks to break away from labour .	mr johnson will make a high - profile joint appearance with david cameron .
holly barber , 25 , was horrified to be told she had 13 blood clots in her lungs .	the 25 - year - old started coughing up blood she knew it was a bad hangover .	doctors found a melon - sized blockage in her pulmonary artery .
london - based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike .	it has a host of features including a roll cage .	the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
until 1 .	4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain .	but as conditions warmed , they were able to branch out from africa into spain .	the climate change impacted human migration .
ashley madison , father - of - two , wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in russia , ukraine and the baltic states .	it 's founder noel biderman , who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney , claims to have been happily married to his wife .
white house has set expectations for a ' substantive ' exchange between castro , brother of revolutionary leader fidel , and obama today .	speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department 's list of state terror sponsors .
sandra mathis , 52 , was charged with the murder of her 48 - year - old husband .	she was caught on camera weeping with blood on her face as she was arrested .	couple had problems with alohol .
john brynarsky 's son , chris brynarsky , was working on a car in charlotte , north carolina .	he was shot and killed in an altercation with his father 's father 's father 's home in 2006 .	his friend mark cosentino said he was ' wanted to immortalize him ' .
sarah fox , 27 , was found by police on thursday night , just hours before her 57 - year - old mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away in bootle , merseyside .	merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .	police are now appealing for the public 's help to track down mr fox .
yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , california , was arrested earlier in april .	the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying asedward moneyhanz on youtube saw the woman ' pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store' , according to the posting 's description .
jamal kiyemba , 36 , was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against islamist terror network al - shabaab .	kiyemba , a former pharmacy student at a university in leicester , who grew up in london , was held at guantanamo bay for four years and awarded the huge payout after being released .
the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in indio , california , some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful .	from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos , could this be the worst year for coachella street style yet ?
malaga , a pop - up version of the parisian gallery planned outside france .	the centre pompidou castle offers fine views of the city .	malaga 's picasso museum has just opened in a refurbished tobacco factory .
hayley grimes , a mother of two , was accused of being the child 's mother .	she found the body of a baby 's body floating in a blanket and sainsbury 's .	ms grimes , 42 , was arrested on suspicion of infanticide and his mother .
mother - of - three marla mccants , from houston , tennessee , was discharged from her home in houston , houston , on last night 's 2012 .	she was 24 years old when she was kidnapped by her ex - boyfriend of her three daughters .	the 43 - year - old was discharged because of her lack of cooperation .
south africa 's influential zulu king goodwill zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes .	the king insisted he had been taken out of context .
poll of 15 , 560 family doctors found that one in six is considering going part - time and 7 per cent in the next five years .	one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries .
kim kardashian and kanye west are one of the world 's most famous couples .	the 29 - year - old creative director said they are ' among the most talked - about people ' .
caroline irby , 64 , was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $10 , 000 bond .	the dogs were found last saturday in the barn in manchester; , tennessee .
lady hale said she wanted to see the divorce in england and wales .	she says she wants to get a divorce in order to obtain a divorce as part of the overhaul .	lady hale , 70 , said she wants arrangements for children and money before .
new research suggests roman general may have been suffering from a series of mini - strokes that affected both his mental and physical state .	historians have long believed this was caused by a ' sacred disease ' among the greeks .
a 17 - year - old boy , 17 , and antonino ballistreri , 45 , were each sentenced to two years and eight months in prison .	gang responsible for conspiracy to defraud and possession of counterfeit currency .
stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports .	the nhl player was arrested for possession of cocaine and mdma , also known as molly , at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel .
tania rahman , of salisbury , st george 's day event , was asked to take part in the event .	she was told she would not be allowed to run a stand at st georges day event .	council said the authority ' never intended to be racist' .
jack jordan , 23 , was told he had just weeks to live on saturday april 11 .	he was due to give birth to lilly and needed to focus on the couple 's wedding day .
the miami senator said he would attend the same - sex wedding of a family member or staffer .	the florida senator said if he didn't agree with the gay marriage , he said he was ' [UNK] .
kelly parsons , 41 , from south west london , has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy .	in the space of 11 months , the 35 - year - old 's eggs have become twin boys and a baby .
the ferry coach was forced to perform a u - turn on a river slipway in dartmouth , dartmouth , devon .	the ferry service between dartmouth and kingswear costs 4 .	70 for the single journey .
a four - year - old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the white house under lockdown .	the man died after shooting himself on the west lawn .
the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport .	but following the outbreak of the second world war , the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter .	officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who were injured .
waheed waheed , 21 , is the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed , who is his son of his family .	he was arrested with eight relatives including four children in a remote turkish border town earlier this month .
william ziegler , now 39 , was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001 for killing russell allen baker , who was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year .	he was freed after his conviction was overturned after serving 30 years for a double murder .	ziegler was freed from death row two weeks ago .
candice bergen , now 68 , was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom , murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988 .	her salary headed skyward for over ten years and she kept that fact a secret .	she reveals that she would sit on one of her fathers knees at the breakfast table and charlie mccarthy sat on the other .
marc gasol of memphis grizzlies beat new orleans pelicans 110 - 74 on wednesday night .	the young child is a devoted grizzlies fan and popular with the players .	last year grizzlies player zach randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter of a game .
karen branigan , 26 , from dublin , found her ' i couldn't get over her face ' .	the 26 - year - old teamed up with two friends to launch a project called ' constantly' ' .	miss geaney , 21 , found karen branigan in just two weeks .
terry cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog sam when the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs .	mr cooper , from curry rivel , somersetsaid his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there .
authorities have closed a total of six chinese restaurants in the local area since local police raided the lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana .	the customer called in the cops after witnessing kitchen staff killing the dog , later intended to be served up as a pork dish on the menu .
le manoir 's restaurant has held two michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened .	le manoir boasts stunning grounds , luxury accommodation and blanc 's two michelin - course .
group called community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets which come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters , soup kitchens , and warn of severe weather .	the phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing , as companies often require people to visit their websites .
six - month - old seal was struck by a boat and a jet - ski on monday .	her body was recovered from a boat or a jet ski in the dorset coast .
munroe bergdorf , 27 , from east london , has transformed into a variety of fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london .	she has made a name for herself on london 's party scene and now spins the decks .
shona banda , 37 , published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for crohn 's disease .	the boy was taken by police on march 24 after his comments about marijuana at a school .	the mother , who is separated from banda , has a custody hearing .
marion ' suge ' knight , a 49 - year - old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing .	knight , 49 , was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom .	knight said he wanted to ' humiliate ' his client .
laura everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three - month period .	she had been suffering frombloating , back pain , constipation and frequently needing the loo in october 2014 , mrs everley underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries .
isis has been known to complain on social media about being ordered to build a reputation for the terrorist group 's ' enemies of the state ' .	it is the only way to make their name in syria and isis .
french customs officers found drugs were found in a suitcase at the airport in nice on a flight from the dominican republic .	french customs officials said the illicit drugs were worth 1 .
doaa and umm , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities , weresmuggled from raqqa , in syria , to southern turkey after leaving the al - khansa brigade earlier this year .	the pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group 's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee .
police sent ten officers to the island last thursday to raid dr rory lyon 's surgery and a private address .	her husband bernie deegan , 70 , died suddenly earlier this year following a 12 - year cancer battle .	police last week told mrs deegan that his death is one of four on the small island of alderney being investigated as part of a probe .
mr miliband will allow scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the uk if he becomes prime minister .	he will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto , due to be published tomorrow , as he attempts to fight back in scotland a key general election battleground .
a jury in placerville , california , took less than two hours on wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first - degree murder against colleen ann harris , known to family as ' grandma cokie' .	mrs harris wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back , sacramento bee reported .	robert harris , 72 , was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple 's home in 2013 .
the centers for disease control and prevention ) said in a monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members .	the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13 , federal health officials said .
thomas hoey jr .	, 43 , was sentenced wednesday by u.s. district judge kevin castel in manhattan federal court , showed ' callousness and indifference ' during the party in january 2009 at midtown hotel the kitano and even more when the victim , kimberly calo , 41 , died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol .	castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was ' integral to the lifestyle of cocaine , sex and parties ' of hoey .
rand paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the republican nomination for president next year .	like paul , the kentucky senator who made a name for himself bychampioning issues not typically associated with the gop such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections , much of the ' rand ' 2016 swag is unconventional .
luke watson was more than happy to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the day of pink event held on april 8 .	luke watson was more than happy to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the day of pink event held on april 8 across canada .
the 34 - year - old reality tv star 's glowing skin has been revealed .	the little - known product is ' excellent ' as a make - up refresher and midday pick - out - one .	the cream , which is packed with gemstones , can also be used as a ' ' [UNK] .
two boys , ages 5 and 3 , died after the accident in a rural area of northern california .	the 5 - year - old , identified as blake cronkhite , was driving the 50cc atv .
actress julia , 54 , was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton .	the 54 - year - old , who stars as fictional us president selina meyer , was quick to note the scrutiny the formersenatorand .
duke and duchess of cambridge moved back to london on sunday night .	news comes as kensington palace revealed william will be fourth in line to the throne .	william will enjoy what amounts to six weeks .
statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes is tied by straps to a crane before its removal at the university of cape town .	the same statue was covered in plastic bags after protests against the statue .
the luxurious ulusaba game reserve is in south africa 's sabi sands and is sir richard branson 's private reserve thankfully the female found my scrawny presence of absolutely no consequence , and instead wandered off in search of tastier herbivorous options .
alan rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of fred hatch in the communal garden of their sheltered housing complex near cardiff .	mr hatch was diagnosed with a claw hammer as he wrongly thought he was involved in witchcraft , a court heard .
the optimal evidence was created by israel - based auto mode .	the case uses built - in micro - fans to blow heat away from the device .	it will cool the device using resistance coils if it gets too hot , optimal .
the man was not aware of any video of the incident .	police were called to a reported break in at a house in hagerstown , maryland .	he was pronounced dead at the hospital where he was handcuffed .
charlene mess , 48 , was found dead at his farm in attica , new york .	she was charged with second - degree murder and has been charged with the murder of her husband .
car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk , killing her .	the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk , killing her .	but the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk , killing her .
italian police arrested three syrian men who were at the helm of the turkish - flagged yacht attempting to reach the italian coast .	it is believed the yacht failed to make the journey in the region of 536 , 000 .
victoria wasteney , 38 , says she was ' branded a religious nutcase ' when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist .	she said she was trying to convert her to christianity and inviting her to church events .
richard lapointe , 88 , confessed to raping 88 - year - old bernice martin at her manchester apartment in 1989 and was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole .	the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter .	lapointe opted for a dark t - shirt emblazoned with the words ' i didn't do it , ' he said .
the bullion was loaded onto the hms ulster queen in 1942 .	he was being transferred to the u.s. as a 17 - year - old .	he stripped to take part in a dangerous ship with her superstructure .
the channel 4 programme hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead , celebrates the duo 's love affair with classic cars .	each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles , as the pair give old - bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory .
tim tebow will join the philadelphia eagles on monday .	he has been working with new england patriots quarterback tom brady .	tebow has been a part of the nfl 's quarterback in the nfl .
ukip leader nigel farage is ' not my cup of tea ' and would question whether she was ' happy to serve ' with ukip leader .	david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ' come home ' to the conservatives .
throngs of people have turned up at the brewery 's brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row .	the spat started after the respect party parliamentary candidate asked him if he was ' still a thing ' .	mr galloway said he was no longer the mp for the area .
dr teresa belton , 62 , says there are non - material things that support our wellbeing , like good relationships and a sense of belonging .	belton has insisted that practices as small as going on walks can be calming and restorative things .
dr . barbara kubicka says she has clients coming in each and every day asking for botox not on their foreheads .	the shape of the face is much more important than the women who is wrinkly but has a jaw line .
mohammed bin rashid al maktoum is looking to build a six - storey car park .	the car park will have two basement floors and six storeys above ground .	neighbours are worried their road will be spoilt by estimated 120 cars .
ben powers played the character of thelma 's husband keith in the show 's sixth and final season .	he passed away at his new bedford , massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64 .	his family has not revealed the cause of his death .
ed miliband is paying an argentinian company which has attacked vulture american bankers to help him become prime minister .	he is responsible for the websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates , including senior figures .
if you can purchase your own limits , you can buy your own kit on the web , and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children .	experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being .
theory has surfaced in a letter to the respected financial times newspaper from aviation boss matt andersson , president of chicago - based indigo aerospace .	the french alps tragedy which occurred on the flight between barcelona to dusseldorf has been widely blamed on co - pilot andreas lubitz , 28 .	he is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit of the germanwingsa320 airbus .
the prank was captured by the costa rican government and ambassador to ecuador .	it was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame , ecuador 's tourism ministry and the foreign ministry of transport and public works .	the stunt sparked outrage from the tourism organisers in ecuador .
samantha fleming , 23 , was lured from her home by a woman pretending to be a social worker , so that the woman could murder her and steal fleming 's three - week - old baby , serenity , and lives with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her baby on april 5 .	her body was found friday at a house 180 miles in gary .
feature exports to google drive in a zip archive , with files divided by year and quarter .	to delete your search history , click settings , remove items and pick a time frame .
michael wilkie was sentenced to life in prison for the murder of shelby wilkie .	he was married to michael wilkie 's wife , shelby wilkie , both of north carolina .	casey wilkie was found guilty of killing his third wife , michael wilkie and michael wilkie .	shelby wilkie was adopted by michael wilkie in 2004 .
homaro cantu , 38 , was found hanging inside crooked fork brewery , the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of chicago .	an autopsy has been scheduled for wednesday , but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father - of - two 's death as a suicide .	cantu and mcgowan met while he was working at chicago restaurant charlie trotter's .
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black volkswagen passat on tuesday morning in wembley , north west london .	the 48 - year - old syrian national was an outspoken critic of the assad regime and ' actively ' campaigned against extremist , his family have since revealed .
chernae noonan 's estimate wealth is thought to be $37 .	4 billion .	benefit is owned by luxury goods tycoon lvmh , which is run by the world 's 13th richest billionaire .	lawyers for benefit told the australian trade marks office .
army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen , texas , injuring 30 others before he was shot himself .	it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism .
david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha were ' falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son after he was born with a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits .
michael kimmel , 40 , was taken into custody by the floyd county jail on $5000 cash bond .	police say he was found under the influence while riding a horse on his feet .
obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay , lesbian and transgender youth .	the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17 - year - old leelah alcorn .	the transgender teen committed suicide in december and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy .
russian - ukrainian film about a legendary soviet sniper nicknamed ' lady death ' is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the crisis that has turned the former allies against each other .	the movie about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops is a co - production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo .	the 18 - year - old was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .	jackson 's mother says the family needs an additional $45 , 000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees .
the film is based on a novel by british writer tom espinosa and gary espinosa .	it is set in the film , ' child 44' , starring tom hardy , vincent cassel and gary oldman , tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the stalin era .	the culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over nazi germany .
the 45 - year - old was in the us working as a director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island .	he was taken into custody in portsmouth , new hampshire , for receipt and distribution of child pornography charges .	if convicted , he faces 20 years ' jail in us .
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones .	but his ninja turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy .	but he was given regular check - ups over the coming years to help him .
pulitzer prize for journalism went to the post and courier newspaper of charleston , south carolina - which has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85 , 000 .	the paper 's powerful photo series entitled ' till death do us part , 'on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women .
hannah jones was born in merthyr tydfil in the welsh valleys .	she was working as a servant by the age of mrs clinton 's great grandmother .	she is now known for his reliance on coal mining and poverty .
gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april and their two young children at around 9 .	30pm last thursday .	the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the restaurant 's television .
the bodies of two people have been found to have been on board .	the missing plane was reported missing around 30 miles east of oban .	the plane was travelling from central scotland to tiree .
evansville in comanche county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once - thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair .	however , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher larry ' dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis .
the charleston , south carolina , have said the shooting of unarmed black driver walter scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police .	above , a friend of scott 's at a memorial the officer who shot scott , michael slager , had little in his file to suggest excessive force .
the funeral of south carolina police shooting victim walter scott took on a fiery tone today when the pastor presiding over the service said his death was ' motivated by racial discrimination' .	hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today , where scott 's casket , draped in an american flag , was led in , accompanied by his distraught mother .	hamilton continued to rail against slager , who has been jailed and charged with scott 's murder .
david and victoria have won a planning battle against their next - door neighbour .	the couple want to install air - conditioning at their new mansion in west london .	the first floor will belong to david and rose .
the u.s. director of the world crime reporter graham brough was found guilty of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a court of appeal after a jury threw out the case against three sun journalists .
mackenzi sue - rose miller , 36 , allegedly struck and killed a 13 - year - old girl who was sitting in the street in february , police said .	miller 's blood alcohol content levels were 0 .	114 and 0 . 110 .
martin and jessica castillo , 22 , from nuevo laredo , mexico , were reunited with their lost wedding band .	they were scuba diving for over a year after they were told that it was found by a scuba diver in the same town as their original honeymoon .	daniel was the padrino de anillo , godfather of the ring , returning the ring .
bobby brown was found unresponsive in her bathtub in los angeles on saturday .	he appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle .	bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4 , 000 .
julio ' wemo ' acevedo , 46 , was sentenced to life in prison .	he was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide .	julio acevedo , 21 , was given 25 years to life sentence .
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster 's methodist central hall as he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants .	pollster icm , which was hired by the bbc to select the audience members , today defended its process ' usingrandom location selection techniques' .
ronald anderson , 48 , was arrested after hekidnapped a woman , shot a census bureau guard and led police on a car chase on before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left the suspect and a police officer wounded .	the woman , whose 10 - month - old son was home , told police that anderson had hit her several times , knocking her into walls , because he thought she was afraid of the suspect hearing her , ' the officer wrote , according to the documents .
the account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages .	the account belongs to elite daily 's staff writer kaylin likes!	, who also created the rich dogs of instagram .
amira abase , 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , is believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa .	the al - khansa brigade known as ' om [UNK] ' is considered to be one of the leaders of brutal all - women .
holly , 34 , and 47 - year - old davina can be seen cuddling up to resemble a moustache .	holly willoughby and davina mccall have joined forces in their first campaign together .
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on tuesday in in arapahoe county district court after a selection process that began on january 20 , and which experts said was among the largest and most complicated in u.s. history .	holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a midnight screening of the film the dark knight rises .
rosannah rosannah was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year .	the tumour weighs more than half her body weight , growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine .	rosannah was admitted to hospital immediately after a chemotherapy treatment on the tumour .
labour leader said he would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the scottish nationalists .	he said all parties would have to face up to the ' electorate 's judgment ' .
tunisian skipper mohammed ali malek , 27 , was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night , some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the mediterranean .	prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue .
the mother - of - one also works with a personal trainer , power - walking and jogging around her local park .	the actress says she 's ' not a gym , ' she says .
details of george osborne 's leaked plans are ' unclear ' but it is thought to have a tax free minimum wage .	this would mean that those on the minimum wage would be exempt from paying any income tax .
comres survey shows lib dems are three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip .	it is the first time since late 2013 thatukip has failed to outpoll the lib dems .	voters are on 34 per cent and labour on 33 per cent .
the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye .	the 50 - year - old describes it as ' the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years' .
the northern territorys chief minister adam giles and minister for children and families john elferinkmade the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs surrounding the easter holidays .	im giving the parents of the children responsible for this spate of violence a very clear message .
frankie ruttledge was a bridesmaid at her mother 's wedding in 2010 .	the 24 - year - old has been a ' fat bridesmaid ' and is planning to marry next year .	she has now lost six stone and is now looking forward to her own wedding .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .	he has helped refine mr milibands message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .
dana marie mckinnon , 24 , is being held at the county jail on may 18 , 2013 .	she was driving east along lake pickett road at around 5 .	30am when she lost control of her 2008 mitsubishi eclipse while trying to navigate a curve in the road .
yogita nandwana , five , and their 18 - month - old brother harsh , are among the world 's heaviest young children .	their father rameshbhai nandwana , 34 , of gurjarat , india , is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists .
dr jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital , is known to trigger hair loss .	the study found that women with increased hair - shedding responded well to iron supplements .
rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his craneafter it climbed about213 meters up .	macfarlane shared his first picture of ' little mac ' on social media on thursday morning after the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night .	mac can been see holding on to the ladder for dear life with its eyes staring wide .
rebecca exton - russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer , qvc and dove .	but she was too slim to fit into any of the outfits , she said .
sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water .	but sally 's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable .
dr rory lyons was suspended by themedical practitioners tribunal service .	the 62 - year - old died in january from pneumonia and heart failure in may last year .	police are investigating the deaths of a family member .
the 43 - year - old was found dead at their home in the country 's eastern agri province .	the bodies of the family were found at their family home to find his family .	they were discovered at the turkish home where they were dead .
the body was found in the front seat of her car in stetson , maine , on june 24 , 2013 .	the 27 - year - old has been jailed for 37 years for the death of her mother .
dino maglio , northern italy , was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on tuesday .	prosecutors said maglio spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill .	maglio claimed sex with the girl , who was under - age at the time , was consensual but admitted he was stupid to spike her drink .
larry mcelroy , a 74 - year - old mother - in - law , wanted to kill an armadillo in his backyard .	he suffered non - life - threatening injuries and was talking about the vermin .
asda has been forced to recall dummies which could pose a full refund .	complainant said that the teat had detached from the hard casing .	the bottles were intended to return them to the supermarket .
michelle obama has issued a warning to motorists in the washington d .	c . area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own . '	i've got a driver a 16 - year - old driving around , ' the first lady said during an appearance on live!	with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday .
the campaign aims to stamp out the myth that women are ' asking for it ' because of their choice of dress .	a new campaign wants to ' see this myth abolished for good with their #thisdoesn'tmeanyes .
suntory , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can .	as it gets older , the bodys reserves of collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone , 29 , are lying in bed together on tonight 's episode of the hit fyi reality series .	the 30 - year - old said he remains dedicated to cultivating a real relationship with his new husband .
prime minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks , worth at least 2 , 000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff , for a further five years .	saying he is ' really angry ' at labour 's claim that the conservatives are ' the party for the few , not the many' .
natalie bennett said the so - called citizens income would take more than five years to bring in , she said .	the green party leader said the policy would take time to implement .	she said: ' we have to cost more than the term of the next parliament; .
the 28 - year - old was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list .	he was understood to have been fighting with isis in the middle east .
the 29 - year - old lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra - trail du mont - blanc on a whim .	she was studying for a phd in the london suburbs and southampton .	she 's since gone on to become britains most distinctive female .
' high risk ' resorts are categorised as ' low risk ' of human rights abuses .	the ethical maldives alliance is listed as one to avoid ' low [UNK] .
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas .	there are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend - long parties that distress and violence .
all 62 items including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks have been placed in storage .	even the blood - red walls have been painted white to make clear the law .
mohamed morsi and 13 other defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013 .	the u.s. embassy in cairo said it was ' rabaa .
the men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry after travelling 200 miles across britain .	it is thought the migrants had climbed into the british - registered truck in belgium before crossing the channel and entering the uk illegally .	police tweeted photos of the moment the men was brought out of the lorry this morning .
three - year - old william tyrell , three , was missing in nsw mid - north coast .	police have described the ' fast - paced ' investigation into the new line of inquiry .	william 's parents released a heart - wrenching video of the moment they realised their son was missing .	police believe william tyrell was abducted by a paedophile .
the 43 - year - old bought the three - bedroom property in glasgow for two years .	she bought the property for 780 , 000 after splitting from her former husband .	she spent months renovating the period two - storey townhouse .
images were captured on the river li in guilin , china , by a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp .	the 45 - year - old , from st petersburg , is in the southern part of the country heading out in the town .
japan 's keukenof gardens are home to the world 's most beautiful gardens .	japan 's cherry blossoms is known as one of the three great gardens of the world .	the visit is the first half of the month to take in the uk .
charles kobold , a cable tv installation guy from the state of wyoming , took gold in the 10km race .	one of this year 's entrants duncan erasmus , a 23 year - old software firm owner from auckland , was founded in 1981 .
unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the milky way galaxy .	white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet .
sue sharp , who runs a 1 , 600 - acre sheep farm , claims it was ' one - off ' .	the leg of lamb had been flown halfway round the world to new zealand store .
more than 250 items expected to fetch tens of thousands of pounds at auction in london later this month .	more than 20 , 000 to 30 , 000 will go under the hammer in the one - off , travel - themed auction .
more than 30 , 000 cases of the country 's most popular hummus dip are being part of the recall .	the company says the total number of monocytogenes is limited to 260 people .
heather mack , 62 , is accused of murdering her mother , sheila von wiese - mack .	the 19 - year - old has said she will keep stella with her until the child is two years old .	baby stella was born in hospital for 15 years .
half of hospitals in england allowing patients to pay for cataract surgery .	some are charging up to 2 , 700 for a cataract surgery if they pay for it themselves , an investigation has revealed .
steven and 33 - year - old steve and sarah , 32 , are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges .	they are accused of stealing more than $50 , 000 .	many of the 30 weapons were legally owned .
nicola sturgeon was accused of holding britain to ransom after she said she would not prop up a david cameron prime minister .	she says she would never call for a deal with mr miliband .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash the singer 's shirt and underwear while he was staying in augusta in georgia for the us masters .	then took a photograph of herself in the star 's polo shirt and posted it on twitter .	she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy .
prince charles are the most popular members of the royal family , closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge .	prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family , closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge .
johanna johnson , johanna johnson and johanna johnson came to a catwalk on the catwalk at the weekend in sydney on thursday night in the catwalk .	the wrap - mercedes - benz fashion week australia came to the catwalk in sydney .
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade .	demand for vehicle and aeroplane tyres is 10 per cent of jungle .
william kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to london after disappearing from approved premises in hull .	he was released on licence after pleading guilty to the murder of maureen comfort , who was found dead in 1996 .
britain last year produced more than 1 .	5 million cars the most since 2007 .	they were about to make their own journey overseas and taken to other european countries , and they were in the economic history .
third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions .	survey of 1 , 025 australian parents , conducted by officeworks , found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ' more important ' things in the last week , than had men .	the cost , says clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins will be our happiness - and potentially that of our children .
germany 's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy .	the co - pilot who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 , killing 150 people had been treated for psychiatric illness , a debate has ensued over whether privacy laws regarding medical records should be less strict when it comes to professions that carry special responsibilities .
the study was conducted by scientists at purdue university in indiana .	they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes .	they found that runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes .
ronnie carroll died after being getting on the general election ballot .	he was 80 , just two days after he died following a battle with cancer .	mr carroll was on the statement of nominations for his candidacy .
the 56 - year - old stopped the school in crosby , merseyside , in 2011 .	mr anderson , 56 , rejected the payments by saying he provided ' kudos ' to the school .	he attempted to justify payments from the school where he was already in the face .
waheed ahmed , 21 , from rochdale , greater manchester , was held at birmingham airport .	he was arrested on suspicion of trying to sneak into syria with eight family members .	the 21 - year - old man was arrested in rochdale .
stephen hunt , 38 , lost his life tackling the inferno which began at paul 's hair world in manchester 's northern quarter on july 13 , 2013 .	the girl - who was just 15 at the time - is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop 's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight .
kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south .	russ traveled from california to colorado , making his way through arizona , texas and new mexico .	the photographer said he was initially ' fearful and unsure ' when his friend levi approached him with the idea .
slain: lee allan bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in saskatchewan , canada , while in the care of his foster .	a 10 - year - old was described as appearing scared but also excited , telling his friends how a ' big guy ' had struck lee with a stick three times , pushed him down an embankment and then bashed him with a rock .
dietrich evans , 22 , was arrested on suspicion of shooting her in the head .	she was shot in the back of the head in a texas road - rage accident .	evans was arrested and charged with the murder of the attack .
victorian farming federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday .	peta later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed ' the realities of the australian wool industry ' .	the victorian farming federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday .
richard engel was taken captive with turkey and photographer john engel .	he was convinced he had been taken by forces related to president bashar al - assad .	mr engel said he was most likely taken by sunni rebels .
kai is set to have hormone treatment to undergo hormone treatment .	he is now set to undergo counselling at the age of 10 .	kai is now wanted to be referred to as a boy , and is not alone .
mother - of - two winston sandiford has been suspended for the first time since february last year .	miss sandiford was told she had to leave her home this month or she will have to leave the house in the area .	miss warnock said winston 's family are being ' taunted all the time' .
national radio astronomy observatory is objecting to proposals to release a radio wave - guided lawnmower .	it claims irobot 's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes .	there is already a ban on the use of mobile phone .
lisa skinner , 52 , shot the male home invader , who has now been identified as her estranged husband bradley skinner , 59 , after he broke into the house sheshared with her mother around 6 p .	m . police said mr skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife .	according to al .	com , his injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive .
the clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth .	new zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ' the crocodile kept the dog .
budi spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup in indonesia .	he was dying from malnutrition and too weak to move when they spend the night together .	the international animal rescue discovered him in indonesia last month .
kim kardashian and kim kardashian arrived in paris in paris in paris .	they had finished a tour of the old city , as well as kim 's home side .	the nearly - two - year - old will be baptized and become a christian .
the directorate of religious affairs for turkey said the use of the material for hygiene isacceptable is preferable .	the code also states that followers should not speak or read while on the toilet .
the west midlands counter terrorism unit has appealed for help in identifying would - be terrorists .	a 39 - year - old man has been held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism .
the collection was created in under one month and interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere .	johnson 's trademark gowns were created in a variety of fine dressing with an ' elaborate approach to the great gatsby ' .	the in - demand - out dress was created by separates from leather and sheer: .
cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army .	it was tony abbott 's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six .	it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her .
hafeez bhatti , 33 , and his wife , khalida , are a ' hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a woman .	the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon .	mr bhatti said they will be pressing charges against the woman .
more than 1 , 200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home .	nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health system in february 2013 .	he committed suicide ten days later after a co - worker alerted police .
the european space probe philae landed on comet 67p in november , show the comet 's core isn't magnetised .	some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation .
transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison , and yet they continue to face horrific injustices , according to a joint statement the musicians released tuesday .	last week , the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmates gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition following a february lawsuit from the southern poverty law center filed against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond .
sebastian thrun , who founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars .	but he said that much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers .
the persian phrase ' ended ' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman 's telephone number in the book where the paper came from .	people walking along somerton beach , southwest of adelaide , found a deceased fully - clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on december 1 , 1948 .
jerry grayson , who lives in melbourne , set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew as part of royal navy rescue missions during the 1970s .	the 59 - year - old , who now designs aerial stunts for films , was once the youngest pilot to join the navy and was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen .
nyia parler , 41 , has been charged with aggravated assault and attempted murder charges .	police believe the man had been left in the rainy and cold and to visit her out - of - the - the - two of the son 's home .	the 41 - year - old is now facing an attempted murder charge for undisclosed sum .
scientists have developed a device that clips onto the surface and could even be used at home .	it can be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes .	the device can be used to help diagnose cervical cancer in tissue .
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 in dorchester neighborhood .	both drivers were taken to hospital with non - life - threatening injuries .	officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over - hanging truck .
aspiring model venessa harris , 12 , was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after she won a talent search venessa is pictured with her proud mother , karen monaghan , and grandmother , lyn harris .	venessa 's parents kelly harris and karen monaghan found out that their daughter could have cancer on christmas eve .
' it all tastes the same , doesn't it ?	how do you eat your scone ' .	the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon this morning .	he has spent the night campaigning in devon .
liberty baker , 14 , was walking to school when robert blackwell , 19 , lost control of his car and ploughed into her .	he had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash .	the family say they are ' devastated ' by the sentence handed to him liberty baker was killed last june .
the new york wheel will be able to carry as many as 1 , 400 passengers at a time .	it will join the statue of liberty , empire state building and the london eye .
martin alvarado jr .	, from cicero , illinois , appeared in court on monday on a first - degree murder charge for the death ofedwin eli o'reilly .	he was watching edwin at their home in cicero last thursday when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change , according to authorities .
deanna rudison was captured on a surveillance camera at quick stop gas station in new orleans .	the 18 - year - old girl turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery .	police say she was caught on video throwing two white bottles of bleach .
16 - year - old boy from mossley , greater manchester , who cannot be named for legal reasons , ordered the deadly toxin off the ' dark web' .	he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter - terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack .
micha stunz has a 9 inch - long , 3 .	5 inch penis that now weighs between 7 .	5lbs , between 3 and 4 .	3kg , he says .	he claims he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public .
man called alex posted a video on youtube in which he asked the programme on his ipad a series of questions about gay marriage .	purporting to be filming in london , he tells the camera: ' i was quite excited to learn that siri has become available in russian ' .	alex says at the end of the nearly two minute clip: ' this is happening in london .
kelsey higley , 22 , created a fascinating self - portrait of her body , showing what it would look like if she could mold it like modelling clay on a whim .	the 22 - year - old 's work , which is part of a project and has been published on video - sharing site vimeo , shows just how different her frame might look if she had , for example , an hour - glass figure , or larger boobs .
ipsos mori asked 98 candidates to list what they thought were the biggest issues .	ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties , asking them what they mentioned issues facing the country .
prime minister says he had ' suddenly realised i'm no longer in ' .	he said he was ' realised ' after years of replacements as prime minister .	but he said mr cameron was ' cripplingly .
rebecca and husband harry settle in at the dubai mall in dubai .	the anantara is part of the palm project and is like ' nowhere else ' .	it has over - the - water bungalows there were times .
the 43 - year - old is accused of spying on her ex - girlfriend amanda holman , 54 , and his new partner , a civilian police worker , a court heard .	he was accused of assaulting his ex - partner pc stuart swarbrick 200 times over a year .	the first two of the charges relate to her checking on her daughter stuart swarbrick .
the supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314 , 000 uk workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes in a ad .	industry insiders say initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up tesco stores in the eyes of consumers .
angela linton , 47 , was banned from her son 's school in january .	she was told to carry out unpaid work and fined 185 for harassing the victim .	the 47 - year - old has been given a ' community order ' and ' [UNK] .
the federal court of australia has ordered australian internet companies to reveal the ip addresses of thousands of account holders .	the identity of over 4 , 000 individuals , who shared the content online , will be given to the copyright .
prince andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta .	rescued from brothels and domestic servitude , child labour and human trafficking , the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called key to freedom .
the men , named locally as michael owen and kyle careford , were killed in the road accident in crowborough , east sussexin the early hours of sunday morning .	mr owen , 21 , had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed .
dr waller , from hospital , suffers from the skin condition dermatographia .	it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the condition .	the release of an allergic reaction , causing the condition to swell .
tony orrell , 56 , from feltham , middlesex , vowed to shed the pounds alongside his wife debbie , also 56 , after he hit 38 stone and she tipped the scales at 18 stone .	at size xxxxxxxxl , tony had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers online and was scared to sit on normal chairs .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005 and pointing a gun at him before handcuffing him and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children .	the plaintiff , luis colon , also claimed that rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car .	colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest and disorderly conduct .
almost one in four of the population is obese , britain was 111th out of the world .	the uk came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance .
biosentinel will use yeast to detect , propellant , oxygen and water .	lunar flashlight will be used in the lunar surface that are rich in resources .	it will take steps to increase the scientific and deep space radiation .
jenna packer , 27 , was strangled to death by philip packerin a jealous rage in 2008 .	she said she didn't have to ' put up ' with her sister 's obsessive behaviour .
at least three al qaeda - linked networks have altered their tactics since the fugitive stole intelligence files from gchq and the us national security agency .	the henry jackson society has appeared in the u.s. presidents headquarters thanks to the leaks .
woolworths launched ' fresh in our memories ' last week , inviting australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country .	supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ' disrespectful ' and ' disgusting ' by social media users .
lavish apartments are worth between $1 .	3 million and $1 .	5 million by listing agents after last year 's bitter disappointment darren and dea are hoping they've created a sophisticated apartment that potential buyers will like the controversial pair made a return for ' triple threat ' after winning only $10 , 000 on the ' glasshouse ' auction .
teenagers and young adults , who have faced discrimination throughout their entire lives , are the subjects of a newindependentdocumentary .	the film , also named check it , explains how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at , while others have served time in juvenile prisons but now , the ' tight - knit ' gang members .
president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s .	truman , who left office 62 years ago .	in his first six years , obama held just $500 , 000 each for obama 's seven state dinners .
jesse jasmine was arrested at sydney town hall on monday as part of the protest .	he was arrested by police at 23 years after being released by police .	jesse lit up a pipe in a suit with jesse willesee .
merfin , from byron bay , created the flippers in the shape of a fins in the middle of a middle of 2006 .	the 37 - year - old started selling the merfins out of the world and has taken off in the uk .
binmen in farnham , surrey , have branded waste collection squads as ' little hitlers ' .	homeowners have been told to remove any non - recyclable items from the bin in the bin .
murray will marry long - term girlfriend kim sears at dunblane cathedral next week .	the 2013 wimbledon champion and olympic gold medalist has revealed he has left the vast majority of planning next week 's wedding to his fiance , kim sears .	murray , a self - confessed foodie , will have some input for the wedding as he has chosen the menu based on a series of food tasting sessions .
woman developed symptoms which could be the deadly ebola virus .	she is being treated in complete isolation at canberra hospital in west africa .	she has an extremely low risk of ebola and ebola .
the study by the university of north carolina found a link between belief in god and other experts .	the study found that societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all - powerful , deities .
edward maddox was born in the back of an ambulance at costessey , norwich .	the 23 - year - old was born on the way to hospital in the early hours of the morning .
liverpool beat aston villa 2 - 1 in their premier league clash in the premier league on the outskirts of the city on the day of the season .	stephen dodd took the picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month .	the incident took place at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand .
brooke richards , 21 , was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police .	anderson died after being beaten and run over by a truck both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over anderson in june 2011 .
jon hamm and seven other frat brothers set fire to a 21 - year - old pledge and beat him with a paddle at the end of the vicious hazing ritual .	hamm , 44 , was charged with assault in connection with the sadistic november 1990 hazing scandal at the sigma nu fraternity .
somali - born author ayaan ali , 45 , emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands .	she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist .	hirsi ali , who describes herself as a liberal , has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life .
2005 brownlow medallist was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park .	he was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test .	cousins has twice been hospitalised for mental health assessments .
the uk was sixth from last in a list of the world 's most religious countries .	at the bottom of the list was china , the most religious country at 94 per cent .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long - running promotions which fail to excite shoppers , replacing them with shorter events that have more impact .	experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced .
the mindfulness for travel series is full of tips on the airline 's new airbus a380 service between london and san francisco .	the mindfulness has launched a series of launch of the brand 's new a380 service in london .
sam , 22 , recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates show on twitter .	sam reese , a male model , has received death threats over his behaviour .	sam , who was ' cosying up ' and said he was ' [UNK] .
hundreds of passengers were taken by a rescue train to grand central station in manhattan .	more than 500 people were taken to manhattan after spending roughly an hour and a half trapped beneath the east river .	the train was suspended for almost two hours after the incident .
sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ' totally unacceptable in british society' ' .	his comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale , rotherham and oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them .	sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ' totally unacceptable in british society' .
the duchess of cambridge has unveiled a new range in time for the second royal baby .	prince george is believed to have been wearing a regal new range - fit for a prince .	it was reported to have released a new zealand - based trotters .
the three - year - old was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya , who beat him to go to nightclubs and dumping his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woodland .	she was jailed for 11 years in a bid to pursue a murder charge .
the manager of the rex cinema in berkhamsted , hertfordshire , cancelled the baby matinees due to a combination of ' whingeing , bitching and the law ' .	james hannaway , who restored and reopened the cinema in 2004 , announced the decision .
the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo - and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun and walked hand - in - hand through a nearby park .
the 1940s - themed concert will take place on saturday 9 .	it is set to be one of the highlights of a three - day commemoration of the end of the second anniversary of ve day .
the isspresso machine is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity .	the machine is intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy .	it will also include 4 , 000 pounds of food and science .
jon hamm and seven other frat brothers set fire to a 21 - year - old pledge and beat him with a paddle at the end of the vicious hazing ritual .	hamm , 44 , was charged with assault in connection with the sadistic november 1990 hazing scandal at the sigma nu fraternity .
dr terry dubrow and dr nassif were ' floored ' by 60per cent of the surgeries .	the ' jaw - dropping ' cases were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show , which is expected to be released .
jeff dubois , one of the hundreds of bees , struggled to get through his report on friday morning when he was stung by a truck carrying millions of them overturned on friday . '	it was probably the wildest live report , ' he said . ' the .
the queen was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma .	she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry .	today 's second riding partner , the queen 's master of the queen .
sir bradley wiggins took part in the paris - roubaix one - day race for team sky - tracks .	sir wiggins said the competitors had had a close race to cross the train .	sir bradley hamar said the race was ' strictly [UNK] .
walter scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail .	he was jailed in 1987 after being charged with murder in the shooting death of a black man that was captured in a dramatic video .
matilda kahl , an art director at saatchi & saatchi , wears the exact same uniform an outfit made up of black trousers , white shirt and a custom leather rosette every single day because , as she explains to dailymail .	matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when , with ' a fairly important meeting on the horizon .
more than 100 , 000 illegal downloads of game of thrones were illegally downloaded between february and the same two - month period in the world .	fans of the hit hbo show have been rushing to the hit .
melbourne - based martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas ' domestic and international pilots which have not been changed for more than a decade .	a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform , with ceo alan joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of qantas pilots .
hsbc was ordered to pay 500 to the couple for their distress and inconvenience over the unfair application of its age policy .	hsbc was told to reconsider their loan application and argued it was entitled to apply a mortgage .
the front row took place at mercedes - benz fashion week australia on thursday .	the model was paraded in a criss - benz show at the st george new generation show .	the creation was revealed to be a major role in the st .
two sisters stripped of the right to control their mothers fortune because of the intensity of the hatred between them .	she owns a 600 , 000 house , and has savings and shares worth 100 , 000 .
gertrud tiefenbacher 's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face , say local police .	her body was found by other nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo , a small town 85 miles south - west of durban .
django greenblatt - seay , 33 , made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus stand out by filming a commercial for the car he is trying to sell .	django greenblatt - seay used his drone , a dji inspire 1 model , to capture the cinematic effect before dramatically zooming in on the car 's tires , headlights , dashboard and seats like a classic car commercial .	in the video , greenblatt - seay sometimes interjects the audio with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to his 2002 .
pippa middleton and nico jackson were on the verge of a split .	miss middleton , 36 , and her stockbroker boyfriend , 36 - year - old have been rumoured to be on the season .
the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away down under for his seven - year - old son , evan , when he was late paying up the last time around .	father - of - three jeff pyrotek , from seymour in victoria , answered mr hall 's call for help and uploaded his finished product onsoundcloud .
xana ali , 19 , was a passenger in the toyota avensis , which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning .	sakhawat ali , 21 , admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking over the crash .
scientists at the memorial sloan - kettering cancer center in new york have conducted a trial .	they combined a standard drug already used , ipilimumab , with another , a - half - - and - one of the most astonishing .
melvin hansen was attacked by an antelope walking in the same enclosure at the zoo in 2010 .	the five - year - old giraffe had gotten his head stuck in a fence when he was attacked .	melvin was a gored giraffe , who died in an unprovoked attack .
sarah wilson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , quit sugar in 2011 .	she has been charged with anti - sugar stance and called her obsessed with the article .	wilson complained to mamamia after eating two chocolate croissants .
author sarah flower says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need .	the cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health .
james freedman , 49 , uses old - fashioned sunglasses to steal wallets .	he uses to steal a sachet of mayonnaise or ketchup .	freedman says he is a ' honest pickpocket ' [UNK] .
sofia vergara 's attorney said friday that the 42 - year - old ' has never wanted to destroy her embryos ' .	she 's not planning on using them either , the attorney said in the statement , adding that vergara ' is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex .
natalie prescott , 7 , was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry in wigan .	the accident happened at appley bridge quarry , wigan , back in 2012 .	she is campaigning to have the area closed off to public .
u.s. family on vacation in the virgin islands has also been improperly used in puerto rico , the u.s. family on vacation in the virgin islands has also been improperly used in puerto rico , the u.s. family on vacation in the virgin islands has also been improperly used in puerto rico , the u.s. family on vacation in the virgin islands has also been improperly used in puerto rico , the u.s. environmental protection agency said thursday after a federal investigation .
iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend .	he was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar in hua hin resort .	mr mackay , 41 , was in a rage when he cut himself with piece of glass .
ms hanson said that the protests on saturday were about ' criticism , not racism' .	on sunday morning 's today showshe was asked for her views on businesses ' going to the wall ' if halal certification of food products was scrapped .
companies tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are , by all accounts , causing quite a stir .	indeed , it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers .
the victim 's father , 17 , walked into a home in los angeles on sunday night .	the boy 's mother , 17 - year - old brother , was found dead in the head , police said .	the father , who is known as hispanic , medium build , apparently had no motive for the attack in the 11000 .
alissa alissa , eight , from vernal , utah , lost her leg in a terrible accident in utah last year .	the eight - year - old had to have her right leg amputated below the knee .	she had to undergo a standing ovation for her moving routine .
the little cub was found abandoned outside the city 's circus in february , and was taken to sadgorod zoo .	he is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across russia this spring , often after illegal hunters kill their mothers .	mitya has since been moved to a private zoo where he has found a permanent home .
the female , named varvara , swam 14 , 000 miles ( 22 , 500 ) from the east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico , and back , without even stopping for a snack when she was nine years old .	her return journey across the north pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creatures conservation status .
passengers bound for london from las vegas to gatwick who endured a 33 - hour delay have described the incident as ' excruciating ' and ' an absolute nightmare ' .	the plane finally set off to the uk at 4am local time .	but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to gatwick .
scott kelley , now 50 , has been arrested a decade after he fled the u.s. embassy on monday and were flown back to hartsfield - jackson atlanta airport , where kelley was arrested .	the pair fled new hampshire in 2004 along with genevieve kelley , mary 's mother , during a custody dispute with mark nunes , genevieve 's former husband and mary 's father .
jade ruthven , 33 , was lambasted by her boyfriend on her social media account by her friends , who were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter that they put their children ' lives at risk ?	the 33 - year - old has been sharing baby photos on social media .
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will today find out if their last - ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed .	a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pairs lawyers can challenge indonesian president joko widodos decision to deny the two australians clemency .
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with her first child .	the mum - of - one designed the app helps breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next .
karen buckley have arrested a 21 - year - old man in connection with her death after discovering human remains on a farm outside glasgow .	officers made the grisly discovery last night as they combed rural land on the outskirts of milngavie , some nine miles from the scottish city .	police investigating the nurse 's disappearance said they were following a ' definite line of enquiry' .
post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs director charles johnson .	the post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs director charles johnson , in addition to previous directors , cnn reports .
lib dem leader says it was ' inevitable ' that support would fall in ' anti - conservative ' parts of britain .	he said public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and ' some faced job cuts ' .
hollie tillbrook , 17 , was out with her boyfriend in basildon 's festival leisure park , essex , when she suddenly collapsed .	but luckily , two officers , thought to be from the met police , rushed to her side and gave her cpr .
david bulman , 55 , and his wife met with his wife in the face of the face .	he was given a 12 - month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault .	he met his wife via a bristol crown court in bristol .
screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development .	researchers were able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease .	israeli researchers say the system is accurate , cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using stomach cancer .
276 nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped from their school byboko haram militants .	michelle obama to angelina jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved .	but unicef have revealed that a year later , more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity .
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair .	around 20 , 000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino .
both johnny , 51 , and amber , 28 , were wearing their wedding bands , although missing from amber 's ring finger was the huge sparkler johnny gave her on their engagement .	together again: johnny depp and amber heard held hands as they arrived in brisbane , australia , on tuesday morning local time .
the boy 's father , pierre collins , has been missing for nearly $30 , 000 .	the ten - year - old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in hennepin county .
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18 , 000 comments in just 24 hours , and turned up a treasure trove of baby names .
hillary clinton met a few employees at kristin 's bakery in keene , new hampshire on monday as her presidential campaign in the granite state got underway , but some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her .	her communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of them were brought in for the occasion chat: on her way to a discussion at a local company hillary clinton .
sir john said the snp would use any power they wield in westminster after the election to foster division and further their dream of the break up of the 300 - year - old union .	he mocked ms sturgeon over demand to play a role in propping up a labour government .
jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full - time for the last 18 months .	her partner , kelly bardier , 33 , was recently employed as a part - time teacher .	the two have been together since october .
natasha willard , 17 , was diagnosed with inflammation of the brain when she fell ill .	she was studying art and welsh in the sixth form at torfaen school .	miss willard started vomiting and had aches and pains .
greek finance minister yanis varoufakis has been quoted as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country 's current bail out .	greece repaid a roughly 450 million loan instalment to the international monetary last week .	the country is committed to making its repayments .
chloe valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after her drug - addicted mother and violent partner forced her to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three - day period in january 2012 .	her mother , ashlee polkinghorne , and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe 's manslaughter through criminal neglect .
the couple daughters of sir paul 's first wife , who died of cancer four years previously were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner .	the image is the first to emerge of the former beatle and ms mills .
martyn uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car .	the 51 - year - old was riding from land 's end to john o'groats for macmillan cancer support .	but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary .
aides say it is part of adeliberatestrategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to compete in the ' air war ' as labour and the tories dominate the tv and radio .
scott stephenson is due to be sentenced to plead guilty to theft in the incident .	he was seized by a man dying of hypothermia during the cold december night .	the victim 's body was found in the street in south shields , tyne and .
gemma collins has expanded her popular range of plus - size clothing for evans with a handful of new curve - flattering garments .	the 34 - year - old star of the only way is essex is proud to have gone from selling cards in romford to being the face and force behind a successful clothing brand .
intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband .	he was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans .
mathew sitko , 23 , drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain - link fence .	he was taken to the hospital and is recovering from minor injuries .
weight watchers , jenny craig and nutrisystem - do appear to be effective , according to long - term studies .	they produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information .
police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out on friday .	mcdade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer , city officials said .	mcdade was later spotted ' hobbling ' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital .
thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm , and the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season .	the storm brought enough snow to the sierra near lake tahoe to produce near white - out conditions on roadways and a string of traffic accidents .
great british bake off host sue clarkson will replace clarkson on top gear .	the show has made her evens for the now - vacant position .	clarkson 's future at the bbc remains uncertain but he will be back on .
sophie thomas wore the black shirt in march when she was having her picture taken at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia .	when the students got their class photos this week , she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with photoshop .	school principal kendra young said the word was removed to ' prevent any unintended controversies' .
the work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on ' the most left - wing platform since michael foot ' and was ' peddling lies ' about the government 's record .	labour leader ed miliband ' labour doesn't understand work .
the kkk was founded in 1866 in the 1920s at around four million .	it 's thought to number 8 - 2 - 21 in the top left corner of the kkk 's membership .
the 18 - year - old , from hampton park , is expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act and remains in custody .	police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day events .
one in four britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051 , research shows .	a quarter of britons will rise from 63 .	4 million to 77 .	5 per cent .	the sudden increase in the ethnic minority population marks the rise .
played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age .	made by the us network nbc , the vanderbilt , and his wife , who is american - born .
oleg yanukovych was found dead wednesday night in kiev .	he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide .	the former ally of deposed ukrainian president viktor yanukovych died .
the maglev train has a 178 - mile journey from tokyo and nagoya .	it is hoping to bring the technology to the new line between tokyo and china .	it cost $1 .	3billion ( 830million ) .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .	the details of the drunken party emerged when lehnardt met with her alcoholics anonymous sponsor last friday and told her about the wild party .
figures from the uk , just three million less than the pre - past year .	the biggest drop in the past year has been a rise of 4 .	4 per cent rise in 2013 .
the canines were used to have been killed with blows to the head .	the canines , which were used for the fillings , were used as meat at the rio de janeiro eatery .
the 40 - year - old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco - resort and conservation area .	the wolf of wall street star , along with a partner , purchased the 104 - acre blackadore caye nearly a decade ago for $1 .	75 million .
scotland has been named the most popular wedding destinations in the uk .	the tennis star will wed kim sears in dunblane on saturday .	last year , a quarter ( 24 per cent ) of all marriages in scotland involved couples from scotland .
isis militants besieging a palestinian refugee camp in syria 's capitalhave savagely beheaded the leaders of a hamas - linked group opposed to president bashar assad .	like isis , the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy , although its presence inyarmouk has until now been to defend the camp 's 18 , 000 residents from a crippling two year siege .
the meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing a deal a year ago .	representatives of the two companies and the justice department did not respond to requests for comment on the report .	the meeting would aim to negotiate concessions related to antitrust concerns .
in australia , 83 per cent of women chose to describe themselves as average of the ' average ' and ' beautiful ' or ' [UNK] , the study found in a new poll .
jared mccarroll head chef at m restaurant and grill , the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping; when buying steaks purchase the best meat you can afford .	he told femail: its best to speak to your local butcher and pay a little bit extra and reap the rewards when eating it .
billy mitchell , seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare condition which left him with malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet .	he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities which included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features .	he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks .
mahendra bavishi , who lives in sudan , said he believes it was an inside job .	he said robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several cctv cameras in the building .
federal government has pledged to scrap the religious exemption from welfare benefits in an attempt to crackdown on parents who choose not to vaccinate their children .	parents who refuse to immunised their childrenare set to lose up to $15 , 000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from january 1 , 2016 .
the campaign to end loneliness is the most vulnerable to lonely people .	campaigners say they are most likely to suffer from loneliness .	the council says the campaign is ' lonely ' and ' loneliness [UNK] .
47 - year - old man from warwick , 150km south - west of brisbane , has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states .	police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography .
liana barrientos pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her ' services' .	cbs reports that the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her niece .
fraternity college judicial committee has ' derecognized ' a fraternity that partly inspired the 1978 cult classic ' animal house ' .	it found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations .	alpha delta president ryan maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options .
aedes aegypti , known for its black and white stripes , can spread crippling diseases like dengue , chikunguya and yellow .	the disease is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in north queensland .
catherine lynn smith , 50 , was arrested tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her home .	the 50 - year - old 's home on north pine knoll drive was recently auctioned off , and new homeowner ed harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway and called police .
malcolm turnbull set to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been successfully toppled in february 's leadership spill .	he is set to feature on the front cover of the liberal party 's newsletter .
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35 - year loan stoking fears of a buy - to - let boom .	tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property and this surge of silver landlords is likely to push up house prices .
waheed ahmed , 21 , is believed to be a member of extremist group hizb ut - tahrir , which advocates a global muslim caliphate , similar to the one established by islamic state in syria and iraq .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due to marry her partner of five years in new south wales .	the english and drama teacher was charged with her murder despite not having found her body .
ronald pearson and his wife miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service during the second world war .	they married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester , welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating ve day .
andrea furlan was captured on camera in stratford , stratford , stratford .	he holds a butterfly landscape designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune .	the cows lift their head from the ground and look in the spot of the sound .
german woman , who has not been named , was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon .	three thieves are said to have appeared from nowhere and smashed a rear window of the car , making off with the bag .
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster 's methodist central hall as he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants .	pollster icm , which was hired by the bbc to select the audience members , today defended its process ' usingrandom location selection techniques' .
labour leader declined several chances to say his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to number 10 .	the snub comes just three days after miss harman made clear that she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power .
a university student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover the cost of living in london .	the student says that traditional means of sex work failed to earn extra money .
jj watt is a terror on the football field - recording more than 20 sacks .	the video was posted to youtube by reebok and pushed the lime - green box jump - 64 .
golden state has long been one of the world 's biggest producers of fruit and vegetables for almond - based foods .	the trouble is soaring as customers from david cameron to millions of the worlds almond demand .
lillian , from new jersey , has spoken out in the past about the fact that the word ' fat ' is a body - positive description of her own physique .	she says she also calls herself ' short' , but she is married .
patrick and marianne charles , 78 and 74 , died of carbon monoxide poisoning .	the couple , who had been married for 16 days , sat down in their conservatory in eastbourne , east sussex .
perth glory will be excluded from the a - league finals after breaching the salary cap .	perth glory chief executive david gallop said he expects perth 's management to be removed in the wake of the mess .
the shroud will be on display for 12 hours for the first time in five years .	the shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century , lending support to those who say it is a .
louise smith , 38 , has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run .	the 38 - year - old was eating dinner with the child and a man in the crown and thistle pub near carlisle , cumbria .	she was eating over the girl and said she did not have enough money to pay for the 21 dinner .
the officers will have the word ' police ' written upside down on their uniforms .	two officers have decided to wear the tops with the uniforms on the uniforms .	officers will only wear the uniforms ' internally morale ' within the force .
migrant workers producing vegetables exported to britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables are being grown as toilets .	they claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce the salads and vegetables that end up on supermarket shelves in britain .
united express flight from kansas city , missouri , were instead diverted to colorado springs due to bad weather .	the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at colorado springs - but then languished for another six hours .
tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the boston marathon bombings which killed three - in - the - state history .	tsarnaev is accused of killing dzhokhar tsarnaev in the death of dzhokhar tsarnaev .	the jury will decide whether tsarnaev will be sentenced to life in prison .
tate ricks , a nine - year - old boy , is believed to have been fishing with his family .	he was not found at the st johns river and a family friend was hit by a wake - off the capsized boat .	the incident is being investigated as a boating accident .
aaron schock , 33 , is facing calls to pay for the special election to replace him .	the four - year - old marshall county board voted last month to send a bill for $76 , 000 to watch the message of his office - funded spending .	schock had spent $10 , 000 .
jack welch has called for an end to the new york 's core club .	the former head of general electric says that it 's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management .	welch says that this will be a big change for education .
former secretary of state played by kate mckinnon , and one of her advisers , played by vanessa bayer , discuss how she will declare her intentions at noon on sunday following years of speculation .	the pair decide to record a cellphone video of the democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable .
a man dies at the car in los angeles on thursday .	the man died at the hospital several hours later .	the eight - year - old died in the water at the port of the water .
diana doyle was plagued with cold calls a firm linked to the sale of nhs patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head , the mail can reveal today .	even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale .	the mail has this week exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks .
greek - born vicky pryce has been married to former mp and convicted fraudster denis macshane .	she has been convicted of perverting the course of justice for taking her children 's speeding fines .
australian couple were told the child would be left stateless , new evidence shows .	the couple were repeatedly told the baby would be stateless in india , according to the report .	the case is similar to the case that saw a couple return to australia .
swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov .	sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .	the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies .
the bodies of three women and two women were found in a northern suburb of phoenix , phoenix , phoenix , arizona .	police say it appears the man and his family were in an ' dispute over the family 's ' family business .	the family are believed to have been ' invisible ' until the shooting .
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system located in the heart of downtown toronto , the cn .
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan picked up a bear at the car boot sale in bude , cornwall , when they spotted the bear at another seller 's stall .	as a former collector , mr flanaghan , 20 , recognised the bear as a ' angel' .
stephanie decided to create a huge art project in the desert that he would be able to see from the international space station .	the car company used eleven sedans to draw the message on the land innevadas delamar dry lake , that readsteph [hearts] you!	using coordinates and a helicopter .
sen . rand paul , a libertarian - leaning kentucky senator , launched his presidential campaign tuesday in louisville , kentucky , sparred with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions .	as guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped iran , aid to israel and defense spending a testy and impatient paul cut her off . '	why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? '	he griped .
raymond charles laing has spent the past three years behind bars after he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel .	he has been convicted 26 times for drink - driving , and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified .	the man dubbed ' new zealand 's worst ever drink driver ' has been released from prison .
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell between them have been more than three decades of life coaching experience .	skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking , business and retail sector .
police raided the home of john koepke , 71 , in wittmann , arizona .	the 71 - year - old was banned from keeping any pets until may 2015 .	many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems .
taylor alesana described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last november , saying; ' ive lost tons of friends , tons .	and its been hell .	i go to school every day , and i get my lunch and i sit down alone .
louisa steckenreuter , a mother - of - two , was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer last year .	she is now trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family and her family .
the italian - inspired home has a 360 - degree views on the market for a $29 .	5 million .	the home is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1 .	5 - mile driveway .
michael easy , 29 , from southampton , sparked a nationwide police manhunt .	he posted photographs of himself on facebook dressed in a restraining order .	he is now facing four months in jail for breaching restraining order and assaulting two prison officers .
kathy ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd .	she has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries .	the 21 - year - old has already been dubbed ' the cuban kim [UNK] .
the tasmanian government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent .	mr schofield moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help tasmanians take advantage of its grand .	he decided to relocate back to new south wales after the mishap .
clinton embraced the federal recognition of same - sex marriage today .	the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department , saying she ' was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state - by - state .
shah jahah khan , 62 , and ibrahim anderson , 38 , are accused of setting up a stall on london 's oxford street .	the pair are alleged to have handed out leaflets about isis on the busy shopping street .
doug hughes landed his gyro - copter on the west front lawn of the us capitol building in washington d .	c . c . on wednesday afternoon , doug hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no - fly zone .
the eight - year - old girl who died in a horrific accident near doyalson in nsw central coast has been identified as piper by 9newsand , and two brothers when it is believed their holden astra aqua - planed , spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road .	piper 's grandmother , helen boddy , was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on wyee road .
the labor department reported on thursday that the number of jobless americans in their 20s armed with a four - year or advanced degree rose to 12 .	4per cent in 2013 .	philip gardner , director of michigan state university , told the associated press that engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today 's competitive market .
todd larson , a utah man , claims a delta flight flew over his home in his taylorsville home on march 26 .	the incident occurred at 1 .	55am when a large chunk of ice dropped off his car 's windshield .	he has already paid the $4 , 000 in the driveway in the incident .
nigel jackson , accused of murdering his wife at his home in alvor , in the algarve , in january , after he was found in a shallow grave in the garden .	he denies killing her , claiming she must have died in a burglary .
two - bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for 350 , 000 .	it has 141 , 000 acres of forest surrounding the cabin but its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere .
samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday ( shown ) .	on board it had 4 , 000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine .	it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth italian esa astronaut samantha cristoforetti .
in recent months , a whole host of stars have been wearing the body jewellery , including fka twigs , rihanna and lady gaga .	it was a coming - of - age ritual for some north american tribes - the septum ring has been done for years .
the total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax , according to the study by citizens uk .	critics have accused supermarkets of relying on benefits to top up staff .
solomon evans , 29 , was jailed for 30 months in prison .	he was sentenced to 30 months for 49 offences for the attack .	mr evans , who has been jailed for 49 , is jailed for six months .
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls .	some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web .
jacob church , 21 , and the 21 - year - old joe tobin , 29 , were at an art exhibition at a former bank building in cardiff .	the pair had to drill through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated .
pomc neurons , which are a cluster of around 10 , 000 brain cells .	researchers found that the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside the pomc cells aren't working .	when pomc neurons are absent , or not working correctly , animals and humans grow dangerously obese .	the research show in animals that the degree of pomc cells could be [UNK] .
patricia jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page .	the diocese was on the end of a backlash from conservatives and traditionalists upset that gays were behind an ' agenda ' to ' reengineer western civ into a spirit of truth and [UNK] .
shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12 , 2012 , of 29 - year - old ryan poston inside his condominium in highland heights , ohio .	hubers , who was 21 at the time , claimed she was acting in self - defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten ' the nose job he wanted .
the duke of kent was spotted leaving aberdeen royal infirmary on saturday .	he was driven away from the hospital by his daughter lady helen taylor .	the queen 's cousin was admitted to the hospital yesterday .
stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports .	the nhl player was arrested for possession of cocaine and mdma , also known as molly , at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel .
shane o'byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby cristabelle out for the first time in march 2013 .	in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver 's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty .
loretta reinholdt , 54 , and andy wasinger , 46 , were on their second day into a trip from belize to the honduran island of roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17 - meter - long hired boat with a captain when they were attacked .	four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas .
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head of his shift worker phillip pama , 28 , during a row in front of their north brisbane home .	the father of three allegedly killed his 55 - year - old neighbour with a punch and was sleeping at the time .	he was ordered to surrender his passport and was granted bail .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ' great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 .	mcelroy said she was ' mortified ' and ' in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done , she wrote in a column for thewashington post .	respected drexel university law professor lisa mcelroy , 50 , who made national headlines last month after accidentally emailing her students a porn link .
police in surrey have released cctv of the two men who were both in their 20s .	they forced their way into the manager 's office of the filling station in surrey .	police have released the images of the men which they left with a mobile phone .
a 12 - year - old boy was using the phone as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it .	he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his arms and washed his hands .
fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole , which is a type of goanna , at the mary river near pine creek in northern territory .	ms gleeson said she has never witnessed anything like this before despite living near a croc infested location .
former white house chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style , was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat cook county commissioner garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a february election .	the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago .
a four - month - old girl was airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in melbourne .	police say the car crashed through a fence and into the bedroom of the breakwater house .	the driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after the crash .
the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday , weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix .	in it , martin short plays a caricatured white - haired cosmetologist called dr franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face .
bishop robert finn , 62 , sentenced to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to failing to report suspected abuse of child sex abuse .	he was sentenced to a misdemeanor charge of abuse charges .
marc and 45 - year - old marc and shanon parker , 45 , have created batman 's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy .	the brothers have even made an tron - inspired motorbike , based on the most recent transformers movie trilogy and a tron - crazy motorbike .
the 200 - year - old cledford hall was knocked down to make way for a ' butlins - style ' gipsy camp costing 3 .	2million people living in the village of cledford , cheshire , in the small city of cledford in cheshire .
images were taken by reverend charles martin king parsons , who died in 1945 .	images were captured by tom marshall , who was one of just a handful of chaplains who made it in the camp .
rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , was due to undergo the surgery .	she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent surgery .	it was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father .
kim kardashian and husband kanye west visited a centuries - old armenian church in jerusalem on monday for the baptism of their daughter , north west .	the kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city .	archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official , said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony .
a $1 - 1 - a - week scheme is part of the rentafarmhouse properties in nsw and nsw .	families are put on the market for $1 a week to help renting the town 's farmhouse .
five firefighters and one 's girlfriend , who is suspected of videoing the attack at emergency service district 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie , were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges .	fire chief gavin satterfield , 31 , and assistant fire chief william ' billy ' getzendaner , 34 , were suspended by the department 's oversight board following the arrests on thursday for allegedly telling the victim to stay quiet .
aimee west , 24 , is said to be in a relationship with major paul draper a former comrade of the murdered soldier .	just two years after fusilier rigby was hacked to death in woolwich , south east london , two years ago .
single - serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in us sales .	keurig green mountain has also made $4 .	7 billion in revenue .	prices vary , but 24 - percent of homes in the us .
piper and william kulk died in hospital from injuries sustained in a horrific car crash that also killed his eight - year - old sister .	piper and william kulk were involved in a fatal two - car collision on new south wales ' central coast at about 5 .	15pm on saturday .	police said piper died in hospital on sunday morning .
prime minister will tell mps that action is needed to make sure there is no detriment to the rest of the country , he will say .	there has been a new powers for the scottish parliament .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year .	older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ' very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair .
ed miliband poses for a selfie with staff during a campaign visit to airedale hospital maternity ward in keighley , yorkshire , on saturday natural pose: ukip leader nigel farage joins in with the craze on the campaign trail in south ockenden , essex conservative mps were told at the start of the campaign to pose for ' selfies ' as often as possible , to increase the party 's exposure on social media websites , such as facebook and twitter .
designer kym ellery made her way down the catwalk to take her bow , a furious man understood to be a neighbour of the carriageworks venue at eveleigh made a very public complaint about the music .	the local man was pictured covering his ears , wagging his finger , and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway .
the throne on the show was the first of the iron throne that features in the hit tv show .	the creation came just as the much - anticipated fifth season of the show .
andrew oclee , 36 , was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy .	the 36 - year - old has been spotted on a dating site where he was involved in a fraud trial .
paul burrell , prince churchill and george orwell can also be seen .	she was given 50 , 000 , 000 , free of inheritance tax .	in her will , dianas butler paul burrell was bequeathed the sum .
cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again .	council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been ' overwhelmingly ' in support for the scheme from cyclists , pedestrians and wheelchair users .
ella dawson , a recent graduate of wesleyan university who resides in new york city , was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she 's been dropping the ' herpes bomb ' after she had her first outbreak .	in her essay forwomen 's health mag , dawson recalls meeting a boy at a party who offered her a sip of his beer .
post office failed to properly investigate why money had gone missing from branches before launching court proceedings against subpostmasters , a report revealed yesterday .	many were sacked , stripped of their savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches despite claims that a faulty it system was to blame .
zeke zeke appears to be around two years old .	he appears to have realized that the u.s. constitution prohibits anybody from holding the presidency until they are 35 , 000 .
the 32 - year - old man went to hospital with burns to 15 per cent of his injuries .	the victim claimed to have amnesia and is due to appear at bundaberg magistrates court on monday .
the islamic republic 's most powerful figure and who has the last say on all state matters , was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the swiss city of lausanne .
ashley mote , 79 , of binsted , hampshire , is accused of ' using european parliament money to fund his defence and various appeals ' .	he denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and july 2010 .
60 - year - old 's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention .	abu - jamal , who shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 .	he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in orange , new jersey and another from high school students in the philadelphia student union .
jameis kinsman has filed a lawsuit against top of the man 's roommate jameis kinsman .	the lawsuit was filed after a two - day police report claiming that she was raped and raped by winston kinsman in 2012 .	winston could be allowed to file charges against him in january .
researchers at stanford university examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the united states to student race .	teachers tend to see black pupils as more likely to cause trouble in the future if they have misbehaved in the past , according to new research that attempted to examine the impact of racial stereotypes in us schools .
the 17 - year - old albertville , alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end - of - year dance this weekend .	webb told daily mail online that she decided to bring her grandfather since he never got to attend his own prom .	drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korea war .
dominique granier said the smell is a ' sanitation risk ' in the south of montpellier .	the claims were backed up by other roma passengers .	his comments were ' disgusted ' by the comments .
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity - defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties .	footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .
the baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in oregon and eric lee gates and his adult daughter , chalena mae moody , had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care .	moody , 25 , was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind .
the audience at the filming of thursday nights debate in westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration .	when ukip leader nigel farage interjected and said they were prejudiced , even by the left - wing standards of the bbc , the audience only booed him further .
a man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters after an hour of trying to get him out of the hole .	rescue teams were called to meadowbank in sydney 's nsw on wednesday with a man was trapped in a drain .
little girl , who appears to be around six or seven , is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers .	she chats away to a man behind the camera , telling him she is ' shooting at daesh ' in kurdish - before firing several rounds into the desert .
tank , a 2 - year - old dog from des moines , won the 36th annual contest sunday at drake university .	he will appear before more than 16 , 000 fans - - and will be held from the event .
two year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia - some hours away from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages .	groups such as california - based wings of rescue or south carolina - based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time .
locals from the island of kudahuvadhoo , located in the southern area of the dhaalu atoll in the maldives , reported witnessing ' a low - flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of march 8 last year .	the reports come as acoustic scientists from curtin university refuse to rule out the possibility that ' distinctive ' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash .
michael shepard , 35 , accused of raping at least seven young children in his apartment .	he claimed he had been in prison for a ' sex offender ' with a preacher 's daughter .	he was released from prison by officials who voted to give him a second chance .	he is accused of molesting two boys , aged six and nine .
kat lee 's desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son 's death on saturday night .	a mother has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an adelaide train station on sunday .	police are investigating the incident .
shaun ingram booked his car for a joyride at 57mph in plymouth last month .	but when he went to collect his car , he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin after his dashcam recorded footage of it being taken out of a test .
in the first three months of the year , 434 , 775 waited longer than four hours in hospital .	more than 1 .	4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time compared to just 353 , 000 .
new survey has found two thirds of women believe they can't run - despite being desperate to be fitter and healthier .	julie was told she was too fat to run but she completed a marathon , left , and has done numerous other races since .
the four - year - old prince frederik , 38 , and prince daniel , 12 , and felix , and their four children were all in their home .	the royals appear to attend the ceremony .
chinese - born yingying dou ran the mymaster website which was used by hundreds of students in sydney .	the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had paid up to $1000 for the subject to permanent exclusion from the university .
one in five chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup .	charity bite - back believes it allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption .
grandfather peter mutty , from saudi arabia , was jailed for six months and 75 lashes .	he was sentenced to six months to 75 lashes after he served time for alcohol possession , which is illegal in saudi arabia .	he has been ordered to serve jail time according to the australian embassy .
jeff richmond , 65 , was found hanged in the garage of his new york mansion on sunday morning .	he was found dead at the scene in the new york city 's miami mansion in miami where he was wounded in the death of his wife .
winners! debra and dale krein were awarded $240 , 000 compensation for more than a decade of disquiet .	dale and szewc were cited twice for public nuisance in 2002 and 2004 .	jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled oregonians .
emily thornberry has come out against david camerons pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes .	eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost 1million .	but eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost 1million .
labour leader harold wilson secretly lobbied the bbc to change the time of popular comedy steptoe and son on the night of the 1964 election because he feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates .	the bbc is releasing an archive interview with sir hugh recorded in 1982 as well as a 1981 interview with the former prime minister .
izzat ibrahim al - douri had died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province , north of baghdad , on friday .	today , his body was returned to baghdad and delivered to the ministry of health as crowds gathered to get a closer look at the ' king of clubs' .
armed gang surround emmanuel sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg .	in a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself .
the firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending , as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters .	the company 's chairman andy haste says that the company might change its name .
the system would create a system that could deorbit space debris down to the size of 0 .	4 inches .	it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit .
nearly a third of people aged 16 - to - 34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as cool .	nearly 60 per cent of britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account .
only 15 per cent of people said they plan to vote green , down from 28 per cent in february .	after a series of faltering media performances by ms bennett , she has doubled to 24 per cent .
whitney houston 's family insists the 22 - year - old is not awake .	she 's watching me ' 'she 's in the exact same condition she was in when she went into the facility .
prime minister last night said he would be a big failure if he does not win a commons majority will unveil an analysis to show labour and the snp are really on the same side and want more borrowing , more debt and more taxes .	the snp backed labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on the economy .
ashley king - paving the way for a burger - king wedding .	joel burger , 24 , proposed to ashley king 's 23 - year - old girlfriend ashley king .	the couple posed for a set of professional burger king .
richie benaud has died aged 84 in a sydney hospice after battling skin cancer ' our country has lost a national treasure and a cricket icon after his death , aged 84 .	the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday .
political experts warn ' i don't see a ' messy and unstable ' left - wing alliance .	experts warn that a ' surge in scotland ' is ' extremely damaging ' and ' unstable ' .	experts say there is a ' extremely messy and coalition ' alliance .
change4life , which is being run by public health england , is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of frosties of sugar per serving .	it is promoting foods with more sugar than a bowl of frosties .
jannik andersen , a 23 - year - old student at the university of colorado , was hit by the train in indio , four miles north - east of coachella .	police have launched an investigation into the incident .	the student , who was struck by a union pacific train , was pronounced dead .
curtis martin and curtis martin , 24 , were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics miss horton , who was born with a similar skin tone .	their father , curtis , is half - jamaican , is very laid - back .
a set of wheels broke off the boeing 737 moments after it came to a stop .	the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight , including dangerous goods .	there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached .	the captain and co - pilot sprayed foam around the landing gear .
alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year .	he will use one at the upper scale , 10ft ( three metres ) wide - although hell remove the seats .
charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8 , 850 - meter .
analysis of what brits were searching for during last night 's tv debate .	party leaders went head - to - head in the 90 - minute bbc debate last night . '	why david cameron was a disgrace that david cameron not at the debate .
more than 300 , 000 people had to be evacuated after three of fukushima 's six reactors blew up following the robot 's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the nuclear plant .
waheed ahmed , 21 , was arrested on suspicion of terrorism charges .	he was arrested at birmingham airport , two women and two men .	the 21 - year - old man was accused of trying to sneak into syria .
taxpayer - funded temporary assistance for needy families program , currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four .	to qualify that family must have an annual household income below $31 , 525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $2 , 000 .
kim took to twitter to thank fans for their support , saying: ' thanks to everyone who got a copy of selfish on gilt!	crazy it sold out in one minute! '	reality star 's 352 - page collection is now available to the masses .
34 - year - old paul johnson - yarosevich of acton , maine , on monday with prohibited use of computer .	police say they discovered he'd been fooling a pre - teen girl into sending him inappropriate photos of herself .
carlos boente , from hmp birmingham , was jailed for five years at birmingham crown court .	he was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19 - year - old woman in november 2013 .
brave danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs .	newborn harley from morecambe , lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz , and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months .
oratilwe hlongwane , a dj who is just two years old , has become a phenomenon in south africa .	his capabilities have even earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass - dj .
former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers .	lord prescott 's intervention comes after the supreme court backed a previous ruling paving the way for the publication of prince charles 's so - called ' black spider ' memos .
actress and model has given fans a sneak peak of her stunning summer range ahead of the launch on wednesday - and you can expect stunning summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals .	the designer has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges for several seasons now - and her success shows no sign of abating .
me - bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three - and - a - half years old , and didn't see her mother , who worked in the sanctuary .
the number of arrests fell by nine per cent increase over the last five years .	it comes after an estimated 1 , 400 children were abused in the area over several years ago .
ed miliband 's strategy of attacking the tories for trying to ' privatise ' the nhs backfired last night after the father of a senior labour politician admitted he had paid for treatment .	caron wyn jones , father of welsh first minister carwyn jones , underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend .
angelina jolie filmed her nine - month - old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day .	the youngster , from san diego , california , filmed her back and forth with the device almost the floor .
israeli scholars are furious after new flooring was fitted ' behind their backs ' by the muslim authority in charge of judaism 's holiest site - potentially covering up clues to the location of the ' lost ark' .	the work at the dome of the rock was simply meant to replace carpet , worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold - topped shrine , which overlooks old jerusalem .
aaron hernandez 's fiance , shayanna jenkins , 25 , sobbed and hugged the killer 's mother in the massachusetts court on wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first - degree murder in the death of odin lloyd .	the two sisters were killed in the last two years of the murder trial in bristol , massachusetts .
patricia ebel , 49 , was driving her 10 - year - old grandson home after a day at the pool .	she is facing dui charges including driving with a minor in the crash .	her car was totalled 15 - or - greater blood alcohol content with a car .
rhodri giggs , 37 , was banned from driving for driving for six months .	the 37 - year - old lost his job after being found guilty of driving a mercedes c200 without insurance .	he was forced to hand over his eight - year affair with his wife .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ' high ' from the procedure 's anesthesia .	footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread her mother then tells her to quite down .
lynne abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour - long debate between democratic candidates .	the former philadelphia district attorney suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .	abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign .
elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of about 500 on new zealand 's west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in late march 2013 .	shortly following their departure , the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village , by m .	night shyamalan .
robert durst , in new orleans , pleaded not guilty to two charges against him .	durst , 71 , has been charged in the case of a longtime friend in a new orleans court on weapons charges .	durst is being held without bail in the wake of a cold case .
linda hogan purchased the 23 .	63 - acre property for $3 .	5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 .	called villa di montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community .
hillary clinton 's campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families until now , the former first lady has offered only hints of what would drive her if she were to run a second time for the white house .
alex impey is a father - of - two , who says he is selling marijuana to help to those suffering from serious illness larisa rule recovers in hospital after one of her surgical procedures with mum jaylen by her side .	users say it is as simple as placing into food or bottles for babies .
the cyber - attack on the state department was reportedly carried out by high - level white house computer system .	the hackers were able to re - enter the white house system by breaching a white house .	the u.s. said there had been suspicious activity on its white house in 2014 .
lucy waterlow tested out 130 adidas ultra boost trainers against aldi 's budget 19 .	99 pair ahead of the london marathon next week in contrast , supermarket chain aldi has a personal best time of 3 .	99 in 2013 .
the film is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ' rogue one ' .	film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the death star plans .
duke of wellington ' s forces defeated and killed tipu sultan , the tiger of mysore , troops plundered the city and the palace , returning to britain with gold , jewellery , arms , armour , clothing and even tipu 's grand throne .	this month , a collection of the historicartefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at london auction house bonhams , and experts expect them to fetch a total of around 1million .
amorous italian couple have been fined 9 , 000 for having such noisy sex .	their long - suffering neighbours , who first took them to court in 2009 , described the wails of passion as ' deafening ' and said it kept them and their two children awake .	the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay 7 , 000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere , and 2 , 000 in legal fees .
the image was taken as part of project mercury , which was the us ' first mission to put men in space .	scientists believe ufo sightings such as this are down to the psychological phenomenon called pareidolia .
melanie buck , 33 , from forest hill , south east london , died after being hit by a shopping store in london .	she was accused of ' deliberately ramming ' him with her trolley , it was alleged .	the 60 - year - old is said to have been ' frustrated ' by the food aisles .
the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family 's lawsuit trying to block the encinitas union school district from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes .	lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district 's yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity .
36 - year - old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder abdul hadi arwani who was killed in wembley two weeks ago .	father of six was found dead in his mosque in west london on april 7 .	mr arwani , 35 , appeared in court charged with murder .
sophie morgan , 23 , and daniel webster , 25 , were persuaded to go to their bank accounts after the victims were conned out of their 36 , 000 life .	the couple were advised to be able to transfer their money into their own bank accounts to be used in a ' home improvements ' .	the elderly couple were forced to go into their local bank accounts in the con .
jemma peacock , 31 , suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life .	the third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the nhs around 1 , 000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service 's approved list of treatments .
restaurants serving domestic cats sold as a delicacy known as ' baby tiger ' are springing up across northern vietnam .	at one restaurant an hour 's drive from the capital hanoi the owner told mailonline demand is so high he'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up .
violet pietrok , from portland , oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb .	the condition caused a widening of violet 's facial features , specifically with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes .
no man 's fort is a victorian sea fort in the middle of the solent , which is set to open this month .	it is three times the size of the fort and boasts its own lighthouse with spectacular views across the solent .
researchers behind the gallup - healthways well - being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low .	when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 .	but marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11 .	9per cent .
debt organisations have warned parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills .	the survey revealed that as many as three - quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them .
the t - shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women , and play into people 's fear of being laughed at , which prevents victims from seeking help with stalkers .
160 melon - headed whales washed onto two beaches at hokota city , north - east of tokyo .	the fears appeared to be based on the appearance of 50 melon - headed whales six days before the devastating undersea earthquake in 2011 .
jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , utah , built a giant box fort for his son max and two - year - old daughter story .	the father , who works as a florist arranging intricate displays , was greeted with a letter saying that his creation must be scrapped .
the fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown orlando .	police say the fight involved ' multiple individuals' .	montenegro allegedly tried to attack another woman , ' running at her with her fists raised' .
the average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin .	the oddly - shaped dust mites live for three to four months and live off human and animal skin dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in australian homes .
tony degrafreed , 47 , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca degrafreed , in the chest and thigh .	the mother - of - three was charged with attempted murder in the death of rebecca sommerville , 47 .	he was arrested and charged with murdering his wife , jordan , in 2006 .
labour leader will insist a labour government would cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election .	he will insist that labour government will cut the national debt falls and have national debt falling as soon as possible .
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide .	one reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading knipovich ridge , in the deep fram strait of the arctic ocean .
the 22 - year - old was left with third - degree acid on the face and body of her ex - boyfriend alexander boettcher .	the couple planned to carry out an attack on a man 's genitals .
gavin munro grows young trees into specially - designed plastic moulds , pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra - tough joints .	using this method he 's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in derbyshire where he 's currently tending a crop of 400 tables , chairs and lampshades which he hopes to harvest next year .
the group has set up just yards away from where the magna carta was sealed in runnymede , surrey in contrast to the neatly tended magna carta memorial nearby , a used condom and grubby mattress lie at the entrance to the ramshackle squatters camp .	last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence .
the underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1 .	he was being treated for injuries and was rushed to hospital with injuries .	the 56 - year - old was treated for head injuries and a broken arm .
morbidly obese rochelle coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity .	she says she would be a ' danger ' in the workplace .	she has not worked for five years because she needs a state - funded support .
michelle woods , from norton in teesside , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ' something was moving ' in the bath .	the four - foot red and orange corn snake found slithering around in the bathroom of her new home .	she believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant .
julia and her husband made the move for her first day in the aquitaine region of southern france .	she feared her daughter would starve during the day of her daughter 's lunch breaks .
female stars including nancy dell'olio , josie gibson , jamelia and susanna reid have all stepped up to the plate for good morning britain 's initiative .	women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four , such is the pressure to look their very best on social media .
prosecutors say van was enraged after his ex - girlfriend norma patricia van was found dead on the side of the road in a pool of a road .	van was arrested in 2012 , provoking an outcry from sexual assault .
unnamed man was gored between the legs by a rampaging bull after being knocked to the ground during a bullrunning celebration in spain .	the man , who has not been identified , was seen running away from the angry animal before it caught him with one horn , sending him sprawling to the floor .
the sedative phenergan should not be used on children younger than two years old .	the medical community claim the sedative called it ' extraordinary ' and ' distracted ' by their side effects like children .
a paint - fine reflective particles designed to react to a cars headlights , alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark .	it contains powder - reflective particles that reflects light in the future .
mike fregoe of massapequa park , new york and his family built the snowman in january , when it grew to be more than 9 - feet tall .	the family started a facebook page asking for ' snownations ' to keep the snowman alive .
the 42 - year - old mother - of - two posted a picture of her $29 .	gwyneth paltrow , 42 , in the blink of a few years ago .	she posted a image of her grocery shop in gwyneth 's twitter .
the three dogs were captured in a front room in bahama , north carolina .	sadie and a black and white springer spaniel called marshall take their positions on their make - shift stage .	the video begins with sadie the springer , and a three dogs .
suge knight , 49 , will stand trial for murder , attempted murder and attempted murder in the death of two men and his girlfriend in los angeles on thursday .	the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injured the other .	knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse .
manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map ( shown ) .	it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0 .	4 per cent of the sky .	the goal is to eventually map 12 .	5 per cent over five years .
the rich kids of instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world 's most beautiful locations , exclusive beach - side restaurants and star - studded parties .	your average package holiday won't do for these youngsters who travel by private jet , sleep in presidential suites , wake up to scrambled eggs topped with truffles - and spend the rest of the day lounging on a luxurious yacht .
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle - tacoma international airport .	passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo hold .
international monetary fund predicts the uk economy will grow by 2 .	7 per cent in 2016 .	tories were buoyed by the news that inflation remains at zero per cent , with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year .
chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for .	mr osborne said it would come from the conservatives balanced plan for the economy , but declined to go into .
co - authors of ' bubba yum yum: the paleo way' , charlotte carr and helen padarin said they are ' confident ' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings .	the cookbook , which was supposed to be released last month was delayed before being cancelledcompletely by pan macmillanover grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth .
craig stoner , 24 , darren smalley , 23 , and simon radford , 31 , charged with sexual assault .	the alleged attack happened at a military base in shearwater , near halifax , nova scotia .
65 - year old from halliwell , bolton was just about to put his meal in the cooker when he caught sight of the black and white california king hiding inside .	atherton scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box before alerting the police .
sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar .	he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december , flying from gatwick to turkey before crossing the border to syria .
judy murray , 55 , has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year .	the tennis coach said she would be a very active granny and in the same way she coached her sons , she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis .
the met office has predicted warmer - than - average temperatures for april , may and june this year .	temperatures will rise as high as this year in its long - range forecast .	winds of more than 75mph were recorded in london and northern england .
the replica fired its cannons on saturday to the u.s. off the coast of fouras , southwestern france on saturday .	french president francois hollande paid a brief visit to the warship , which was due to set sail later in the day .
julie falconer showcases the best of the english capital , as well as south africa .	she is a ' master of europe ' and has been born in california .	she has been named as a ' creative [UNK] .
video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the green man pub in wembleyahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi - final win over reading .	the footage appears to show a homophobic chant sang along to lily allen song smile being aimed at cole , who left arsenal to join london rivals chelsea in 2006 .	metropolitan police spokesman told sportsmail:'police are aware of the video currently circulation on social media .
tasmania police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport .	a message placed on the site contained a statement supporting isis , ' a police statement said .	there were no threats made towards the hobart airport or flight operations to and from the airport .
natasha mckay , 22 , was diagnosed with severe cerebral palsy and epilepsy .	she was delivered 10 years after she became pregnant with her second child .	she has been awarded 13 million in compensation .
scientists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel studied the cephlopods movement .	they found that the orientation of the creature 's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain .	male octopuses won almost a third of votes .
boko haram militants drove cars to a mosque in the borno state town of biu in borno state .	the attack came as new images show how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by boko haram .
researchers have for the first time being able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium .	the results of new research suggest the element lasted more than a century , but the periodic table may have to be put in the main body .
becky watts , 16 , is set to go on trial for the 16 - year - old 's murder .	she is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police .	she has been accused of the murder of her murder .
the 82 - year - old fled to kashmir as a hindu nationalist party won a share of power in india 's only muslim - majority state .	around 100 , 000 people were killed in the bloody war .
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013 .	he was born in melbourne , australia , but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when 17 - year - old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him .	prosecutors told the court that 104 bullets were found in the car involved in the drive - by shooting .
niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , aren't the only pair to have found their real - life doppelgngers , either by mistake or after a social media hunt .	now three similar british cases have been revealed; a london - based journalist who found hers in birmingham , two male university students , also in london , and two retired men in essex .
vet nick fisher , 31 , from leintwardine , shropshire , said twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance while on a walk near their home .	the four - year - old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs near the village bus stop .
alex , alex gray , 27 , was inspired to make changes in his own life .	he said he couldn't think of a ' specific catalyst ' that he was caught up in his life .	the 27 - year - old was inspired by trips to the drive - through restaurants .
the lib dem leader said he was ' better at languages and art ' when he was at school .	he has promised to ' spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to benefits .
blair has a record of three general election victories , only one shadow cabinet minister , chuka umunna , could be bothered to attend .	one of many critics of blairs appearance on the election trail was george galloway , who is fighting to retain bradford west for the respect party .
cui hongfang hit the back of her head on a corner of the great wall .	police have ruled the death an accident , although they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese womans death .
the six - month - old elise , from eaton bray , bedfordshire , is just one of the many people finding that they can no longer keep up with the financial costs of keeping and looking after a horse but , sadly , stories like ruperts are all too common .
naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost 17 years of memory overnight .	she thought she was a 15 - year - old and she was 15 years old .	she was struck by transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss .
philippine army has released new photographs of chinese construction work in disputed waters in the south china sea .	the philippines voiced alarm about chinese ' aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 joint philippines and us military exercises .	philippine president benigno aquino is set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue a collective statement .
23 - year - old mother appeared on the show after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to have a dna test .	the dna test confirmed phil was not her real father .
the christian dior fragrance , eau savage , was the first to use it in 1966 .	it has since found its way into other fragrances such as chamade by guerlain , ckone and chanel no . 1 .
the novelist , who died in 2014 , amassed a spectacular collection of greek , egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime , among them pieces up to 3 , 500 years old .	the collection is to fetch up to 20 , 000 .
the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4 .	5 million restricted stock units - valued at $284 million .	it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index .
two adults and four children were spotted driving through the city of san miguel de tucuman in argentina 's north - western province of tucuman .	they were ' going pretty fast and none of them had helmets .
justin d .	smith , 18 , and 20 - year - old efrain diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of jonathan krueger .	smith is also charged with tampering with evidence , reports the lexington herald - leader .
the photograph was captured in kanagawa city , japan , apparently - late last year .	a friend of the photographer said it was ' not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work .	the reddit user said: ' i'm not saying it was not photoshopped and that it is not [UNK] .
the moms , melanie and vanessa iris roy , decided to each carry a child one year apart .	they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies , recording when their first child , a son jax , was born followed by their daughter ero , a year later .	the couple then uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight .
owner kevin o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law .	the 61 - year - old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring .
barcelona - based booking platform byhours allows users to organise stays of three , six and 12 hours .	you can enjoy the luxury of the academy hotel in london for a three - hour slot with byhours .
john helinski , a 62 - year - old man , was born in tampa , tampa , tampa , poland .	he then tried to apply for a place at a tampa bay branch in tampa bay .	but when a cop and his case manger looked into his past , they found a account .
the 65 - year - old was found guilty of rape in the trial of john quingley at manchester crown court last month .	the judge was quoted as saying they found evidence of serious misconduct .
alice dreger took to twitter to express her horror at what she heard at east lansing high school .	the school has denied it only teaches abstinence is the only way to be safe .
the longest of the three women who were kidnapped , imprisoned and abused by ariel castro .	michelle knight , who appeared at thecleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , refuses to be considered a victim . '	i dont want my heart to be chained to the situations that i went through , ' she told the crowd of 1 , 200 people .
mitchell kardashian and kim kardashian are more likely to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious .	mitchell moffit and angelina jolie are expected to be co - operative and are more ambitious than their children .
a cloud formation resembling the wi - fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of xiangtan city in hunan province .	the password must be the world 's largest ' wifi - [UNK] ' in central china .
wildlife photographer robert fuller captured on camera in thixendale , north yorkshire .	two birds of prey lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box .	the fight was captured on video by tawny robert fuller .
about 10 , 000 women a year in the uk are affected by the risk of developmental problems compared with women who have a 3 - year - old pregnancies .	the study shows the duchess of cambridge 's pregnancies triples the risk .
kyli wilfson , a self - confessed food person , was 26 when she first started experiencing agonizing pain which made her feel like she had been kicked in the abdomen ' whenever she ate , a symptom which doctors initially brushed off as being due to a mild pancreatic problem which would resolve itself in a matter of days .	kyli , now 29 , was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis , and the north carolina resident found herself looking at a lifetime spent on a feeding tube .
a woman from south carolina is suing harlem tattoo parlor black ink , claiming an artist there did a botch job on a chest piece that left her disfigured and in pain .	the tattoo parlor 's owner and artists star in their own reality show , black ink crew , which has had three seasons .
18 - wheeler ploughed into her and others who had stopped to help victims of an earlier incident .	veronica roni gonzalez and her fiance ely alba gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble .
family have been sharing their home with arguably los angeles ' most famous mountain lion , p - 22 .	the cougar , the other name for the species , has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in the hilly los feliz neighborhood - and has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out .
ukip leader nigel farage says ukip needs to work harder as it is lagging behind with female voters .	mrs james ' comments come as ukip 's campaign chief admitted he was a ' brilliant operator' .
men in u.s. special operations forces do not think women should be brought into the male - only front - line positions .	the pentagon will open all combat positions to integrate women into their elite units .
netflix and wwf - international shows an aerial view of hardy reef .	they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests .	the show will focus on the earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there .
some of the photos are a far cry from modern - day beijing .	it is one of the most popular cities in the world and the most populous country .	the quiet scenes are a place .
olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held during next year 's games .	thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of rodrigo de freitas lake , but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause .	more than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to rio 's waste management company .
flakka , which can be up in florida , is usually made from the chemical alpha - pvp .	can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances .	the use of flakka is also increasing in florida .
photographs show teens and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles .	some of those pictured wearing clothing adorned with the stars and the islamic world .
iniesta is a world cup winner , spanish football legend , and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy barcelona cf outfit .	the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his the ' bodega iniesta ' vineyard he owns in castilla - la mancha can be rented out .	spain and barcelona midfielderandrs iniesta is renting out his vineyard on airbnb .
the seven - year - old dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window at a shop on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a display case under the counter .
michelle keegan , 27 , says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make - up off before bed .	she has been hard at work in the design studio to bring fans .
van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . '	i am scared for my future relationships , ' she told sydney 's district court on monday about the severe impact it had on her life .	the young woman , who was subjected to years of abuse by bega .
two images , released yesterday , were taken by the osiris camera on the rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles ( 75km ) , according to esa .	the jet is unusual because it is erupting from the dark underside of the comet , whereas such activity had only been seen on the day side so far .
four - month - old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolinataking some of his first steps .	footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs .
anti - hillary clinton street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the ' look out ' for evidence of sexism in reporting about the hillary clinton .
police captain timothy heier says the car accident occurred at 5:10pm sunday after the child ran into the street in a residential neighborhood on the 4600 block of north 48th street in milwaukee , wisconsin .	police say the teen was not a passenger in the van .	the driver 's father identified him as father - of - four archie brown jr .
more than 730 , 285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day .	only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button once at the time of the timer .
retired lt col richard ' dick ' cole , age 99 , gave the medal to the museum 's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 raiders .	the medal , awarded by congress earlier in the week , arrived in a ceremonial b - 25 flight .
david potchen , 53 , robbed a bank in merrillville , indiana , last june .	the ex - con spent 12 and a half years in prison .	the 53 - year - old said he wanted to go back to prison for food and shelter .
helen flanagan , 24 , stepped out in a floral midi dress .	the 24 - year - old stepped out recently to show off her bump in a slinky - exposing dresses and heels .
warning: graphic content .	the accident happened in tulsa , tulsa , tulsa , 44 , in a tulsa - based home .	he is accused of ' trying to get the sawed - off ' and ' [UNK] ' .	harris , who has been a undercover officer , is classified as an undercover officer .
david king , 70 , from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .	body was found by sniffer dogs last week in vire , south - west of caen .	mr king has been charged with murder and murder .
the incident took place on a flight from glasgow to alicante on friday morning .	witnesses said the group - some of whom were shirtless - sung and swore their way from the plane to alicante .
the 31 - year - old is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital .	he is hoping to be transferred from the category a prison to ashworth hospital , a high - ministry .
anna broom , of gillingham , has not worked since the age of 19 , during which time she has claimed more than 100 , 000 in benefits .	the jobless 33 - year - old now wants an extra 10 , 000 to fund her dream ' traditional english wedding and party in a castle' .
anna and anna ollier , 26 , have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old .	the dogs use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while surfing in queensland .
truck driver ruslan bazarov , 28 , suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg .	the accident happened along the road for the first 100 kilometre ride of the season .	the truck driver paul bazarov , 35 , suffered two fractures to his leg .
paul o'grady 's show ' for the love of dogs ' is an absolute tv favourite of pets almost two thirds of goldfish owners , 63 per cent .	the survey of 1 , 000 pet owners even found the owner of a dog lets their pet watch .
perkins , who was a favourite to replace the ousted jeremy clarkson , was leaving twitter as a result of the horrific abuse .	the presenter became a subject of an barrage of abuse from top gear fans .
babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers , a large - scale study has found .	a third of 10 - 11 year olds in england are overweight or obese , according to scientists .
13th century castle in the dordogne , castle , is on the market for 703 , 400 .	the castle dates from the 13th century and was refurbished in the 19th century .	the 14 - bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit .
doug hughes , florida postal worker doug hughes was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago .	he said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in the politics .
5 per cent of its858 students were obese , with one 11 - year - old kung fu panda weighing in at 180lbs , reportsthe people 's school online .	school to help them lose weight .
prince faces a two - hour hospital with his wife and new baby later this month .	the duchess of cambridge 's birth is one of the royal family 's home in the uk .	they will be led by guy george , who will return to the capital .
fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be .	investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ' healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants .
intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president 's home at 10 .	25pm . brian leary of the united states secret service - the federal agency in charge of protecting the president - said the unnamed person was in custody in washington dc and charges were pending .
the moderator of the subreddit , find boston bombers , hurled false accusations at countless spectators who had been wearing backpacks at the high - profile event .	their claims - based on the analysis of photos and videos of the marathon - even led to sunil tripathi , a brown university student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber .
labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved saying these facts were not what voters were talking about .	mr miliband also refused to say how much labour would be borrowing by the end of the next parliament .
jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc .	clarkson 's hotel fracas with producer over a steak dinner .	clarkson has been removed from the global tour of the top gear .
asif malik , 31 , and sara kiran , 29 , and their children were found on cctv boarding a cross - channel ferry from dover earlier this month .	the couple had been arrested in ankara and are currently in custody with their children .
bmw mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super - human powers such as x - ray - like vision .	bmw groups answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop - up virtual displays for directions and other features and the elvis - esque glasses can also be worn out of the car .
neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie - trifle combination of custard , jam and meat immortalised in popular tv show friends .	it features sponge , jam , custard , beef sauted with peas and onions , a little more custard , bananas and some whipped cream .
the jubbs purchased the property for 680 , 000 , but it is now on the brink of being torn down .	patrick and valerie jubb were trying to sell the four - bedroom property where they currently reside in jimena .
robert kennedy is trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory - no matter what their parent 's personal beliefs on the vaccines .	the anti - vaccine chemical thimerosal and a rise in autism among american children - and a autism .
the u.s. ambassador to south korea could face a ' bigger mishap ' than the knife attack to his face last month .	the 42 - year - old suffered injuries to his wrist after being attacked by a knife - wielding pro - north korean activist during a breakfast forum in seoul .
kym ackerman saw jesus in an x - ray of her molars when she went for dental check - up in flagstaff , arizona .	she was hospitalized with pneumonia following the breast cancer diagnosis .
the number of allergy sufferers is soaring and almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction .	two - thirds also don't know how to help if they saw someone suffering an allergic reaction .
tom moffatt , 27 , from tameside , greater manchester , was drunk at the time .	but instead of the letter , mr moffatt started needling ' p ' and had to scribble over it .
the 42 - year - old was at a conference in lebanon for rare childhood diseases in barcelona .	the mum - of - two stepped out in a ceremony at the science museum , cosmocaixa .
demetri nelson , a 53 - year - old , allegedly broke into a river birch drive home .	he told her to give him a ride to a manning avenue home .	nelson was unable to drive the car because of the manual transmission .
chobani - born ex - wife , dr .	ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500 , 000 .	the two were married just two years in the 1990s .
ellie marshall , 10 , and taylor , five , lost their eight - year - old brother harvey last year to a eggs .	the eggs will be donated to sheffield children 's hospital in the hospital .
sally jones , 45 , ran away from her home in chatham , kent , to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in raqqa , syria , the terror group 's de facto capital .	a video has now emerged which appears to show the mother - of - two leading members of the al - khanssaa brigade - the all - women contingent set up by isis - in a series of chants expressing the fighters ' commitment to jihad .
mitzi neyens , 77 , received a kidney without a kidney march 26 .	her kidney was driven to a donor in exchange for a transplant .	her husband , 55 , was not a match for her husband 's kidney march .
world 's third - largest joint ship , owned by royal caribbean , is expecting more than 80 , 000 people to travel on board this summer .	guests will experience robotic bartenders , be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive .
alaa abdullah esayed , from south london , uploaded 45 , 600 tweets in less than a year .	some of the messages she posted between june 1 2013 and may 14 2014 , included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in syria which she uploaded to her instagram account .	esayed pleaded guilty at the old bailey to encouraging terrorism under the terrorism act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications .
the blob in the ocean was discovered last year , with temperatures one to four , 000 miles across is sitting in the pacific ocean .	the blob has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere .
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his selling marijuana .	kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing .
al qaida seized control of a major airport , sea port and oil terminal in southern yemen .	shiite rebels were involved in a demonstration against an arms embargo imposed by the u .	security council .
karine cyr allegedly threatened a mother , her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children with a chainsaw in a seat in a fit of road rage .	the man , who was vacationing with her husband , alexandre hermenier , and their children and two children were in the back seat .
andre cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri .	his fate was sealed after the u.s. supreme court turned down several appeals , including one claiming cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution .	cole and his wife , terri , were married for 11 years and had two children before divorcing in 1995 .
thousands of organs are being harvested from political prisoners in china with the falungong group a key target , it is claimed .	members of the group are shown mocking up an operation as part of a 2014 protest .	human rights lawyers have denied the allegations .
new zealand photographer taj chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial photos using a drone .	since then restrictive laws , regulations have been implemented across the world .
david king , a 70 - year - old , had not been seen for six months .	he retired there from his job as an engineer in britain some 15 years ago .	he went to tea with friends living close to his home , and is thought to have got into an argument with his daughter .
winnie harlow , 19 , is one of the newest faces of fashion label diesel earlier this year .	the pair opted for an all - black ensemble on tuesday night .	shaun , 23 , opted for a more low - profile look .
jon stewart said he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by american politics .	he said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ' relentless ' show .
medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies , children and pregnant women .	however , although whooping cough is less severe in adults , infected adults do pose a serious risk for infants and children who are not vaccinated .
the humanitarian doctor from sunshine coast in queensland had been working at an australian - run ebola treatment clinic in sierra leone since november last year .	nsw health has confirmed dr parker does not have ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required at this stage .
ukip leader called on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the tory leader as prime minister .	ukip leader said he believed many were in ' their hearts ' closer to his position of wanting an eu referendum .
becky handley , 62 , was jailed for 13 - and - a - half years at birmingham crown court .	he was a restaurant worker , who was kept from seeing him as a child .	he has disowned him and wants to change her name via deed poll .
celebrities are unfamiliar with the joy of removing the bra after a long day on their feet .	the singer is one of h a growing number of celebrities who are adopting the bra - less .
roger byng , 67 , were captured by roger byng , 67 , on the wetlands surrounding the severn estuary in slimbridge , gloucester .	the action - packed photographs were captured by roger byng , 67 , on the wetlands surrounding the severn estuary in slimbridge , gloucester .
nathan priestley , 21 , from norwich , norfolk , lost more than half his bodyweight .	he made the decision to stop wallowing in self - pity and turn his life around during his suicide attempt when he was 18 .
judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years ' probation after he and his accomplice , marquis mcafee , robbed tommy and jordan gray 's louisville home in april 2013 .	police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple 's three - year - old before making off with $1 , 100 in cash , a cell phone , wallet and small amount of marijuana belong .
researchers found that heart patients were diagnosed with stage b heart failure .	the 186 patients were assessed for their levels of gratitude using standard psychological tests .	they found that patients have developed a heart disease - but do not report symptoms .
hillary clinton took aim at republicans on monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals sheallegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation .	clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest .
llallawavis scagliai , a group of carnivorous birds , terrorised the earth 3 .	5 million years ago .	they say the four feet ( 1 .	2 metres ) tall bird is the most complete skeletons of a ' terror bird ' .	the south american bird has been named llallawavis 's magnificent bird .
the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome to be based at the firm 's redmond offices in washington .	if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide .	microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at specialisterne .
the i'm up is a qr code that can be printed on your favourite mug or a fridge magnet .	the app uses a quick response code , or qr code is able to detect .
harold henthorn is charged with the murder of his nine - year - old daughter toni bertolet , 51 , in the death of his first wife , toni henthorn , 59 , who died in 2012 .	he was crushed to death in the case of his second wife 's death .	both women died in ' freak accidents ' to the widower 's first wife .
the mail on sundays campaignto add first aid to the national curriculum .	previously , only the liberal democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the curriculum .	last week labour , ukip and the green party added their support .
louie , a full - grown dalmatian , is shown here snuggling with uno , a three - week old kitten .	louie 's mother , louie , is pictured at the same time in spokane , washington .	uno 's mother is pictured above overseeing the encounter .
william smith , 14 , died four months after his mother lost her battle with cancer .	the 14 - year - old was trying to play a chicken nuggets as a lunchtime treat .
close to 150 protesters gathered on saturday afternoon to the streets of brisbane on saturday .	up to 150 women attended the side of the rally in the brisbane - based rally in brisbane last year .	the slogans were eliminated from the hands of wicked campers .
mario valencia took a rifle from the super store on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left , something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons .	this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case , who did as instructed and then immediatelynotifiedauthorities .	he even pointed the weapon at an officer at one point .
the duchess of cambridge is a modern - day suffragette who is a ' queen of everything ' .	she said the duchess would be her ' uneventful dresser ' and ' [UNK] ' .	the 47 - year - old said: ' i know it 's done so much for her [UNK] .
official figures show there has been a stark 14 per cent rise in the number of men opting to work part - time in the last two years .	one million men have chosen to work reduced hours , compared to 4 .	58million men in the uk who have opted to work over the same period .	men now make up one in 10 parents who care for children or family full - time .
john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s .	passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history even though it was a .
two powerhouses of senegalese wrestling trade mighty blows with one another .	the two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ' le choc ' at demba diop stadium in the capital of dakar .	after a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun , the burly sene emerged victorious .
more than 100 , 000 people on the coast of the pacific northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in washington , california and california .	the number of people at risk drops below 16 , 000 , and more than 50 percent of the communities are at risk .
the countess of wessex and princess beatrice wore a beret - style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes .	beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson .
lord janner was living in a children 's homes between 1981 and 1988 .	police have identified 25 people who claim the victims could claim for 100 , 000 .	one man , allegedly attacked by janner when he was last seen in london .
heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots .	the australian airline could also be facing a massive 20 , 000 fine , that 's more than au$38 , 000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .
bryan morseman , 29 , has won 23 of the 42 26 .	2 - mile race in 2008 .	he has spina bifida , a condition that develops in the womb .	he 's won three marathons in 2008 and has won four of the marathons .
former prime minister tony blair has denied he is super - rich after joined the election campaign for labour he added: ' am i better off than most people ?	mr blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of 250 , 000 for public speaking .
the 32 - year - old was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer shortly before christmas .	he was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his daughter .	he has been unable to see his daughter as her health continues to decline .
three australian models whose video of themselves miming along to queen 's bohemian rhapsody went viral have travelled to the us to make appearances on chat shows .	their original video , ' bohemian carsody ' and the follow - up , ' mime through time , ' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms including youtube and facebook .
the obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160 , 000 in itemized deductions , including $70 , 712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities .	the largest was a $22 , 012 donation to the fisher house foundation , which supports military families .
melissa borg , a 13 - year - old melissa borg has been missing from her baulkham hills home since last thursday .	she was found in her school uniform and made her way to the baulkham hills area .
alexandra harra , 28 , now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .	she now works as a celebrity writer for the huffington post and an author .
the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic .	found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain - are unable to detect sarcasm .
marine le pen has blocked her father 's return to the party after accusations he was trying to stop her party 's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a raft of controversial comments .
loveday college , cambridge , founded in university of magdalen college , rotterdam , in the final of the 20th century .	the team 's victory was largely thanks to mr loveday , who provided the correct response to 10 starter questions .
the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs .	london is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new bespoke mascara .
the soaring popularity of home coffee machines has led to a increasing amount of waste generated by caffeine lovers .	now , designer eason chow believes his innovative new product could be the solution - and found inspiration from the sugar - coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines .
francis , a grandmother - of - nine , is outraged when he came across the picture of francis .	francis , who won the reality tv series , is far from alone in the region of $3 , 000 .	tens of thousands of people travel to africa .
jane laut , who won a bronze medal in the 1984 olympics , was shot several times in the head on the night of august 28 , 2009 in los angeles .	laut 's attorney called it a ' self - defense case ' and said the killing was not random .
senators later voted 19 - 0 to give the white house some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran .	lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the senate finished the voting process .
an airbus a321 from baku , azerbaijan to london was forced to return back to london .	there were three diversions in just over 24 hours - flight #ba76 from luanda to london - diverted to paris .
perth woman who claimed she cured her cancer using a dietary program where she ate vast amounts of pineapple has pledged to release her medical records after critics questioned claims about her ' magic diet' ' .	ms fox said she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 .
26 - year - old has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador .	cressida , 26 , unveiled as cressida bonas , who found fame as prince harry 's girlfriend .	the youngest daughter of aristocrat lady mary - so it 's no wonder .
michael brown was shot dead by a police officer in the street in ferguson , ferguson , missouri on saturday .	it was planted in january - wabash park in december on saturday as a brown memorial has been destroyed .
claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years .	they bought a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk , norfolk .	it took us four months to find the toilet wasnt of the period .
millie - belle diamond has become a money - making social media celebrity after her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online .	the mum , from warriewood , in northern sydney , originally set up an instagramaccount for millie when she was two months old so that their family in wa and queensland could see her grow .
at the end of the hotel , the hotel is frank gehry 's huge futuristic sculpture of a golden fish , el peix d'or , installed to mark the 1992 olympics .	at the foot of the street , the next locals and tourists are strolling to the hotel .
the pit bull was filmed at home in the california suburb of california .	footage shows her licking the baby as he tried to fend her away with his hands .	the animal is clearly used to being licking the animal .
david zaslav was compensated for his role in his role as ceo of discovery .	it was revealed that he was compensated an unbelievable $156 .	1m for his new role in the new contract .
new video shows little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home .	but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing .
nikki kelly , from scotland , was born on january 5 at 11:22am , weighing a healthy 6lbs .	she kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy , and gave birth to her son on the bathroom floor .	the 24 - year - old was born three months pregnant and had no cravings .
the 62 - year - old was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 .	she met her partner dennis dianos , whose home in the new york was also killed in the lottery .
cocaine , valued by the coast guard at $424 million , was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america .	it included a 10 - ton bust from a coastal freighter , the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 .
the 29 - year - old had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs .	he tore the tendon , an injury which is normally quite painful , but reported he felt nothing at all .	doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb peoples pain .
adriana giogiosa , 55 , was found dead at the home in majadahonda , madrid , in madrid , where she had been staying in the house in sacedilla , madrid .	she was arrested in connection with the disappearance of the man 's aunt .
the man , who has not been identified , claims the death of numan haider was the moment ' we all became more radical' , according tonews corp australia .	the duo were ' associates ' of abdul numan haider ( pictured ) haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife .
marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex on st kilda road in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 .	the 55 - year - old filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries .
geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of the area in north - western china .	the phenomenon has been measured at 792c ( 1457f ) from two metres away .	experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .
man posed as a member of the 86 - year - old woman in gorton area of manchester .	police have described the incident as ' appalling ' and has released an e - fit image of the women .
under the new scottish drink - drive law , enacted on december 5 , the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg .	it is being blamed for stalling the country 's financial growth .
australian tourists are planning to travel abroad between may and august , while seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe .	research by the travel search engine further indicates that aussies are planning to travel abroad between may and august , while seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe .
kevin alderson , 72 , was found dead in an abandoned pond in january last year .	police originally thought he was a ' keen cyclist ' and was dressed in lycra at the time .	he was lured to a disused mine in devon and killed him in january .
the us has been voted the best restaurant in the world for a fourth year running .	the eatery is chicagos only three - michelin - starred restaurant .	spain has eight in the list while italy has seven and the uk , which has a mere eight .
jordan spieth , 21 , was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas .	the 21 - year - old impressed many following sunday 's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills .
paul bramley , 28 , was killed when andreas bramley was killed in the crash .	he was found dead at the time of the crash , killing all 150 people on board .	she was found to have perished in the accident and was found on friday .
david cameron will announce that all children who do not pass their tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school .	around 100 , 000 pupils a year do not achieve a good pass in english and maths tests .
stephanie scott , an english and drama teacher , was last seen at her workplaceleeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday .	she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday .
kenyan elite troops were called in to aid in the pre - dawn massacre where 148 people were killed , but did not arrive until just before 2pm nation in mourning: a woman cries after she has viewed the body of a relative .	kenya has struggled to stop the flow of al - shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with somalia .
dr lin xikun walked into a hospital in china and threatened a nurse with a knife by a bare - chested man .	dr lin heard the scream , and rushed to the hospital in a hospital .
peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year 's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex - wife , margaret , as they slept in their suburban atlanta home .	the shooting left margaret mccollom paralyzed below the waist .	mccollom resigned from the chief 's job in march .
the average womanwill spend 18 , 000 on products for her face in her lifetime .	femail called on the best dermatologists in the business to make common mistakes every 2 - 3 hours .
image of barbie , a doll which first appeared in the 80s , dressed in a miniskirt and clutching a ' ceo ' in the workplace .	after barbie , the onion , the next search , only 11 per cent of women in the uk .
curt almond , 26 , from bristol , spent at least 40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers so that he could slip into a new ' crisp pair ' every day of the week .	mr almond realised that it was ' bankruptcy or boxers ' - and that he needed to wean himself off his addiction .
royston coates was sentenced to 10 years in prison for attacking a man .	he was jailed for stabbing a man with a man in his home .	he has been allowed to call him on his cell and has been filmed partying .
injection could flush out dormant hiv hiding in white blood cells with a chemical ' kick' , allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells .	study looked at a single 59 - year - old man in london who was an ' elite controller ' - meaning his immune system could offer a cure for hiv .
sandra malcolm 's body was found at her cape town home by her grandson who reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door .	reports in south africa suggest the 74 - year - old 's attackers had mutilated her - although police have yet to confirm this .	mrs malcolm , originally from dundee in scotland , was found on sunday morning at the capri mews complex .
ed miliband was accused of ' offensive ' behaviour ' touching on racism ' .	the labour leader visited the golden temple during a campaign tour of the midlands .	but his team were banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of worship .
education experts in the uk have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study .	findings will add weight to arguments by michael gove that is a return to traditional teacher - led lessons .
al - shabaab militants have killed more than 400 people in kenya since april 2013 .	air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya .	cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the death toll .
salah al - din al - britani is accused of the killing of saddam hussein al - baghdadi .	it is believed to be a man accused of beheaded by isis militants in tikrit .
the man , known only as chase , strides purposefully over to his girlfriend , who is wearing her uniform , and drops down on one knee .	the couple then engage in a passionate embrace by the food counter .
the five - star hotel has been awarded the highest prize for kim kardashian and kanye west .	the house has long been admired by the hotel in the centre of the country .	kim kardashian , kanye west , and kim kardashian all in the hotel .
six - year - old boulton sturgeon , six , made headlines when she was seen plopping her head down on her book in apparent boredom .	ed balls and nick clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters .
julie sweet has lived alone in clovelly for five years and has never been happier .	she has lived with close friends for all of her life and 70 percent of her women are more likely to have a university degree .
riddick bowe , 46 , was once the world 's best heavyweight fighter in the 1990s .	the 46 - year - old recently offered to ' tweet anything ' for people who pays him $20 .
fraser ross , who founded the company , is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the kitson branch in los angeles airport ( lax ) to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship .	kitson , which has shops in california and the far east , is hugely popular with celebrities including victoria beckham , lady gaga and kylie and kendall jenner .
hannah mcwhirter , 21 , of banff , aberdeenshire , engaged in the mnage a trois with co - worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013 .	she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself .	mcwhirter appeared at aberdeen sheriff court yesterday where she admitted wasting police time with false rape claims .
italian woman killed in a horror car crash in perth are pleading with the australian public to help them as they cannot afford to bring her body home to be buried .	on april 6 easter monday - martina riccioni and her best friend antoinettia caffero , 21 , were involved in a horrific head - on collision when the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic .	ms riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries .
keith anthony allen , 27 , of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape , felonious assault and gross sexual imposition .	allen is accused of raping two 12 - year - old girls since september and fondling a third girl .	allen is accused of raping two 12 - year - old girls since september and fondling a third girl .
john young , 66 , and his new wife elaine , 54 , were sat in the front room of their home in oldham , greater manchester .	the former soldier was hit in the face with a brick but was taken to hospital .	he suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury .
russian president hms argyll was deployed to monitor a russian destroyer and two other russian ships as they passed through the english channel along with two other ships .	the royal navy monitored a neustrashimy - class destroyer and a support ship .
witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike ' completely squashed ' under the lorry following the accident close to lambeth bridge near the houses of parliament at about 9 .	30am . today 's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries - prompting cycle campaigners to organise a ' vigil and die - in ' at the site .
in tonight 's final episode of bbc two 's back in time for dinner , the robshaws brandon , 53 , rochelle , and their children miranda , 15 and fred have travelled from the 1950s to the end of the 1970s .
michael slager is charged with murder in the death of walter scott , a 50 - year - old walter slager , who was shot dead in the head .	slager is accused of killing walter scott in the back of the shooting .	slager has been charged with resisting arrest and the death penalty .	slager was charged with assault and resisting arrest .
maarij khan and his mother mushammat are set to be removed from their home in newcastle .	now 3 , 500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy and his mother to stay in britain , where maarij 's 10 - year - old brother saffat is buried .	saffat khan , left , has been told he must leave britain and move to bangladesh weeks .
the black book of carmarthen is the collection of 9th - 12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines .	the book is a collection of the welsh folk - heroes and legends of the dark book .
eight - year - old boy was taken to hospital after falling victim to a prank when he was suffocated until he passed out .	a greater manchester police spokesman said the child is believed to have suffered health problems .
london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video .	they were subject to terrifying pranks installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps .	the estate agent looks nervous and unsettled a shelf .
the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter .	police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight .	four people have been arrested over the incident .
billionaire wife of former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge 's ruling this week that stiviano , 32 , must return $2 .	6 million in sugar daddy gifts .	donald sterling , 80 , had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1 .	8 million in sugar daddy gifts .
graphic artist zach yonzon runs the cafe with his wife .	he claims that his art can be done with almost any type of coffee drink .	mr yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas .	the graphic artist claims it can be created with masterpieces .
scientists from the university of wollongong are designing ultra - durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all .	the groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self - lubrication , topical drug delivery , and even electric conductivity , dramatically changing the capacity of male contraception , reportsscience alert .
more than 1 , 200 people were arrested after six - week operation known as project wildfire .	officials from homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement were arrested during raids by homeland security .
two marques finished bottom of a 38 - strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability .	thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on their failure rate , age , mileage and cost of repairs .	axle and suspension faults were also common , affecting 22% of cars .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo .	the 18 - year - old was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .	jackson 's mother says the family needs an additional $45 , 000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees .
jack henry doshay , 22 , was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7 - year - old girl from a skyline elementary school in california .	he was arrested on friday and charged with the murder of a girl in a solana beach , california elementary school .	doshay is a father of the girl , who has not been identified .
coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon take a selfie in new york there were hundreds of people visiting the memorial at the time but everybody was quiet and extremely respectful .	sylvain and i flew to the us from manchester and spent four nights in the city .
raghunandan yandamuri , 29 , was convicted of murder in the killings of a baby and her husband , who was murdered in a casino .	he was sentenced to death in connection with the murder of a child in a terrorist attack .	yandamuri told police he had spent more time with his father , who had served as his own lawyer .
four - year - old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew 's church in werribee on saturday morning .	their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church 's front row , alongside older sister awel , 5 , who survived the horrifying crash on april 8 .	during the ceremony , mourners wept as the children 's cousin , makok kuol , described them as ' three beautiful angels' .
the tigers are handed over to the temple of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation by the temple .	the temple has been forced to be handed over by the department of trafficking .	animal rights activists have been complaining about the raid .
dave roberts , 50 , has bungee jumped off the transporter bridge over the river tees 100 years after his ancestor jumped to his death for a bet worth just a sixpence .	mr roberts , a 50 - year - old former tv and radio presenter , said ' daniel , this one 's for you .
ian harris , 51 , from austria , is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster .	father - of - one has already been turned down once by the government agency but has sent off a fresh photo wearing the headgear .
the flaw was active between 24 january until it was flagged up in 25 march .	it was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers at sourcedna .	within the 20 , 000 ios apps using the patch 2 . 1 .
the 40 - year - old e!	star looked cool and collected in her memoir .	she was seen leaving the trump tower in new york city on her way to a today show .
foodie fidos will be treated to a five - course charity event in peru .	all proceeds from event will be donated to amazon cares , golden quinoa , coconut and blueberry chia pudding .
the 12 - inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th street in manhattan .	the break occurred at a west village subway tunnel in new york city .	the water main break occurred in west village convenience store .
the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday , weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix .	in it , martin short plays a caricatured white - haired cosmetologist called dr franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face .
carlos toro , 66 , was one of the dea 's final temporary visa expired on january 1 .	the 66 - year - old spent the last 27 years working for the dea for 27 years .	he is now facing deportation from the u.s. .
ted ted said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time .	he said he came very close to ending his own life when he failed to get through to a counselor on the va .
rebecca adlington , 26 , has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during her pregnancy .	she says she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard to deal with , especially as she didn't even look pregnant .
sutherland shire kent johns is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach .	many locals have already had a negative response to the backpackers .
christine carriage , 45 , was handed a six - month suspended sentence at norwich crown court .	the 67 - year - old was at the home in bowthorpe , norwich , on wednesday .
mother - of - three , farhina touseef , refused to give them polio drops against those found to be a ' bio - [UNK] ' .	there have been 322 cases of polio across pakistan in the last two years .
the baby was found in a trash heap last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother .	the baby , who was named ' emma grace , was discovered by a recommunity recycling facility employee , police say .
father - of - one said he had to stop having sex with his wife as it 's too painful .	the 24 - year - old feared he would never be able to have sex .	he said: ' i have never seen anything like it , ' he said .
tori hester , 25 , was diving in cabo pulmo when the huge school of trevally fish began circling above her .	husband jeff , 26 , was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera .
new york city manhattan may be one of the world 's most cosmopolitan cities on a budget - built highline or paris ' [UNK] du luxembourg ' .	new york manhattan hotel is just five minutes from the empire state , which is free to the public .
sean crawford , from carterton , new zealand , said he can understand why people find his work ' a bit ungodly , but in his opinion , there is nothing worse than art .
the image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off - duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ' looping lightning' ' .	upwards lightning is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning travels in an upwards direction .	lightning is caused by the build up of electrostatic charge .
etan patz , 6 , accused of killing 6 - year - old etan patz .	she asked jurors to convict hernandez of murder , saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it .	etan 's body was never found , nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings .
the louisiana - raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a hartford , connecticut show on july 17 for the sandy hook promise group , which organized in response to the iraq war school shooting in late 2012 .
caitlin kellie - jones suffered from hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy ( hie ) , a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood .	to control the condition caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33 .	5 degrees for 72 hours .
joshua finbow , 23 , and simon radford , 31 , and darren smalley , 35 , are being held by military police in gosport , nova scotia .	they were taking part in a royal navy ice - hockey team tour of canada .	the alleged victim was taken to hospital six days later in dartmouth .
brooke kowen , from the alberta , canada , posted a video of her young son , kowen , sending off his beloved goldfish .	the boy , from alberta , and the goldfish , responds by the loss of his goldfish .
new study , conducted by eharmony , found that 54 per cent of women believe they prioritise love ( versus 46 per cent of men ) , yet they actually spend less time actively looking for dates than male counterparts .
hadas hadas , africa , is a woman who has a child in the uk .	she was just a few months old when she was cut as a child .	she says she is not angry about sex and the desire to be cut .
video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station on north 5th street in philadelphia shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51 - year - old .	one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground .
david lammy said the snp was a party ' threatening the integrity of the united kingdom ' .	mr lammy said he would not form a ' common alliance ' with the snp .	mr miliband has called on ed miliband to ' lock out ' david cameron .
the biggest ice cover on north americas great lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the lake .	the ships desperately need a path cut through the ice .
saudi arabia is leading a bombing campaign to oust iran - allied houthi movement which has taken most of yemen and forced president javad hadi to flee to saudi arabia .	saudi arabia has warned of a ' catastrophic ' situation in the saudi coalition .
yassir ali , 29 , was stopped by traffic police in birmingham on february 22 .	police pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the car .	the police car tries to keep up with the bmw and got stuck in a shop .
jonathan crombie died of a brain hemorrhage , aged 48 .	the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels .	toronto - born crombie died on wednesday in new york .
11 - year - old boy was on holiday in burnham - on - sea in the mudflats on wednesday .	he was flown back to hard sand and had to be rescued by coastguard .
pacskowska pretended to be 76 - year - old georgina bagnall - oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors in november last year over sale of the home in bayswater , west london .
the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations - despite evidence to the contrary .	on monday , following a storm of criticism , he publicly retracted his statement .	back track: robert kennedy jr has apologized for comparing vaccinated children to holocaust victims .
a new york city woman , who is not being identified , watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop , digital camera and a digital camera .
the 18 - carat gold irish freedom box was given to lord uxbridge in 1828 by trinity college dublin when he served as lord lieutenant of ireland .	it was sold by bonhams to a private collector for 100 , 000 .
crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding reaffirmed her beliefs in an interview on saturday .	she then responded to the now staggering $850 , 000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days demonstrators gather outside the city county building on march 30 .
drug enforcement agency operation which has since been discontinued , monitored every telephone call made from the united states to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking .	usa today uncovered the details of the program , whose vastness was not known until now , and whose practices , especially in gathering bulk information , later became a model for the national security agency .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey , claimed she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012 .	but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy .	she now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of killing the youngster .
harvey weinsten spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside the couple 's new york city townhouse on thursday while wife georgina chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection for her much beloved fashion brand marchesa .	chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on thursday - the couple 's son dashiell .
london - born beauty is the new face of maybelline new york , she was british vogue 's february 2015 cover star , and also the first black model to walk for prada in a decade .	but the 24 - year - old was british vogue 's february 2015 cover star , and also the first black model to walk for prada in a decade .
liverpool striker mario balotelli was on the end of 8 , 000 followers .	liverpool striker daniel sturridge is the premier league player of the abuse .	liverpool 's daniel sturridge received 1 , 600 , more than 134 , 400 .
the boy 's father , pierre collins , has been missing for nearly $30 , 000 .	the ten - year - old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in hennepin county .
the image shows john lennon , paul mccartney , ringo starr and ringo starr arrive at abbey road on the world 's first live global broadcast .	there are archive photos from abbey road down the years , as well as google .
the crown prosecution service confirmed that the director of public prosecutions consulted neil moore a barrister at 23 essex street where daniel janner worked over whether to prosecute lord janner , the times reported .	last night a cps spokesman said mrs saunders made the decision not to prosecute on her own .
david rylance has been jailed for stealing more than 50 , 000 from his dying mother , who was suffering from his alzheimer 's disease .	her son david rylance , 47 , had been in charge of his death in 2009 .
faiz ikramulla , 35 , was arrested and charged with aggravated kidnapping after allegedly dumping his three - year - old daughter , aliya .	he was arrested in van buren county , michigan , pending extradition .
judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant in kansas city last week and declares that it 's the only job 's she 's ever had or ever wanted .	judy eddingfield has been employed as a server at the kansas city restaurant .
sprawling house , built on the site of an old telephone exchange in chelsea , west london , has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in england and wales .	the stamp duty alone , paid on top of the price of the home , is enough for the treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses .
lib dem leader 's wife said she ' deserves to do her bit ' for the party .	mr clegg 's wife says she ' wanted to be re - elected ' for five years .	mr cameron 's wife miriam said: ' i deserves to be [UNK] .
the 13 - year - old boy , 13 , was shot and killed in an attack in a school in spain .	the boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill .	the teenager had been late for class and shot her in a attack .
greenpeace activists scale the polar pioneer drill rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic on monday in a protest against arctic drilling .	the environmental group said the activists would not interfere with the vessel 's navigation .	shell said in an emailed statement that it has met with groups against oil drilling off alaska 's shores .
secret service director says ' there was ' concern ' about having to retrieve people from the white house .	secret service acting director joseph clancy played mop - up in front of the house .
common dolphins off the west of scotland have more than doubled over a decade .	they have seen the number of encounters with common dolphins increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years , according to a leading researcher .
the letter was spotted by twitter user plattsieplatts who posted it to her social media account writing: ' so this is the notice i saw today in the window of an undisclosed chippy in london , the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family .
passive smoking affects plants too , which can take up nicotine from contaminated soils .	may explain why some spices such as medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them , despite none being exposed .
argentina has branded british attempts to explore the seas around the falklands islands for oil illegitimate and says it will mount a legal challenge but has ruled out another conflict .	mr filmus said military conflict belongs to the past and claimed: the united kingdom can count on argentina as an ally .
lawmakers in colorado and washington are considering spelling out what 's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home .	in colorado , at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil .
hattie gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag after under - going surgery for ulcerative colitis .	she reveals all about what it 's like to wear a bikini for the first time , how to have sex with a bag and how learning to live with it has affected her mental health .
the pink tone is a result of the animals thin skin , which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state .	the animal was captured during the annual taiji whaling museum in taiji .
mini - martha stewart has turned her popular channel , charliscraftykitchen into youtube 's largest food channel in less than three years - beating household names such as celebrity chef jamie oliver to claim the prestigious and lucrative title .	mr oliver only earned an estimated $32 , 261( aud $41 , 347 ) in ad revenue from his channel 's 6 .	9 million views last month .
andreas lubitz is trying to determine whether the killer ' spiked ' his captain 's drink to force him into the crash .	lubitz , 27 , used his computer to research methods of killing himself .
three - year - old xie hong xie , 52 , was found dead in the shaft in ningbo city in china .	police say they are not convinced her son pushed his mother into the shaft .
australian tv presenter , model and mother of two , says she has been ' cinching ' in her waist with girdles long before the kardashians .	she says she 's been ahead of the trend .
pamela anderson has come in for criticism for her very public show of support for an arizona sheriff notorious for his controversial opinions and racial profiling of latinos .	joe arpaio , who calls himself americas toughest sheriff , and the former baywatch star appeared odd soul - mates as they joined together at the maricopa county jail on wednesday to promote the benefits of an all - vegetarian diet .
the 3 .	2 million - year - old skeleton suggests one of the bones may , in fact , belong to a baboon .	lucy , the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found , still has a few secrets to reveal .
the modular robotic vehicle was developed at nasa 's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets .	it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot .
oregon , california , california , california and washington are among the creatures .	experts say the creatures are weak to the strong winds this time of year .	there are more than the small blue sail on top of their bodies , according to experts .
janet brown , a mother - of - three , was murdered at her family home 20 years ago .	mrs brown 's daughters roxanne and zara , 43 , described their hother as a ' kind and loving nurse ' claiming the horror of the crime ' stays with us . '
the system will be able to spot and track uavs of the system .	the system is being used on light tactical vehicles such as the humvee .	the gbad system will allow the system to operate anywhere .
matthew weathers , a teacher at the biola university in california , often posts videos of himself tricking the side of the screen and shuffling towards the teacher .	the virtual teacher leans out and ' traps ' the real teacher .
starter marriage is a ' short - term starter ' marriage , according to a relationship counsellor susan pease gadoua .	the new book , which was co - wrote with vicki pease , claims that the traditional marriage model was a ' wedlease .
21 - year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .	a video obtained bytmzappears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .	they showed they had proper wristbands , but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity .
frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved freddo frogs by 20 per cent .	the miniature chocolate amphibians , which weighed a plump 20g two years ago - before they dropped to 15g , will now weigh just 12g .	the shrinking of one of australias most popular childrens chocolates was not widely announced but was in fact spotted by a shop owner .
the 23 - year - old attended the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio .	miley cyrus has been seen working out with her armpit hair .
defense attorney john waldron had filed a petition to have 14 - year - old jamie silvonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after she was discovered last month .	lehigh county district attorney jim martin said friday he will oppose the petition and waldron 's request to move the case to juvenile court .
staff at the u.s. justice department 's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps .	$45 . 2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc .	, bloomberg reports .
the nra 's national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn barack obama and hillary clinton as ' elitists ' who will ' dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not recognize' .
sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia .
medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients at worcestershire royal hospital last friday .	it came as the west midlands ambulance service demanded action following delays in treatment .	the worcestershire acute hospitals nhs trust admitted circumstances were ' less than ideal' .
newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african - american male' .	it was accompanied by a smirking picture of liverpool boss brendan rodgers and has resulted in a furious backlash on social media .	it was accompanied by a smirking picture of liverpool boss brendan rodgers .
swedish scientists analysed more than 10 , 000 families with children aged two to 14 .	could be three times more likely to develop type 1 diabetes .	researchers found many were among those badly affected by events .
photos show the 50th anniversary of new york city 's 1963 demolition of the old penn island , which was replaced by madison square garden .	it 's the first time in new york state , new york station and the city 's preservation movement in the city of the city .
ann malsbury , charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury .	malsbury was arrested at the home in coventry last month and charged with trying to inflict gbh .
dale lyman , a spokesman for the greeley fire department , says firefighters were called to the site northeast of greeley airport shortly after 1 p .	m . they are working with ngl energy partners .	the fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank , launching it into the air .
the wolf hall star toldthe sunday times magazine:'the redhead stock is very high at the moment .	the 54 - year - old has embraced her natural colour and hopes to help young reds to do the same .
zane gbangbola died at home in the middle of the night after being poisoned by gas .	for months after his death , police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site .
stuart addison was serving on hmas stirling off the coast of rockingham , south of perth .	their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths , according to abc 's 7 . 30program .
alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on the prom .	the pair had been driving together when they were driving together .	daniel pena missed the attempt to ask his girlfriend to prom in the car .
lewis hamilton was a ' podium girl ' at the chinese grand prix in the motoring world .	he was pictured looking less than ' inconsiderate ' and ' selfish and inconsiderate ' .	lewis hamilton sprayed champagne in her face .
duncan burton , 57 , was released in november 2012 after 14 - years behind bars .	he was convicted of raping a 46 - year - old passenger in december 2012 .	if convicted , he will face a maximum sentence of 20 years .
libby jane wilson was enjoying a day out with her father alex knight at the yarrow valley country park in chorley , chorley , on sunday afternoon .	the toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the dog 's owner ran away .
three - year - old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table .	but instead of digging into the seafood feast , he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought .	his mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens to the case in hand .
nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its landsat 7 satellite .	it shows ' ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the erg chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern algeria - but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known .
mexican soldiers raided the property in tijuana , tijuana .	the tunnel was said to be close to the u.s. - mexico border .	mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel .
julie abbott said it was ' problematic ' that the prime minister was ' proud ' .	he was asked to have a drink by university of technology sydney bats .	mr abbott was labelled ' un - australian ' for six seconds to down the schooner .
robbie clark , 96 , spent 50 , 000 life savings on contributing to his care .	he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home .	mr clark is one of the few british soldiers to survive hitler 's care .
evelin mezei , a 12 - year - old hungarian national , was traced this morning .	she was last seen by her mother in east london , london , last night .	police had released a cctv footage and appealed for information .
shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , kent , carried out the attack .	he was caught after police examined two cigarette butts found in mr garrod 's garden .	dunn was said to be ' cool as a depth of [UNK] .
15 men were arrested on suspicion of ' multiple aggravated murder ' motivated by religious hate' .	the men tried to throw them off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion .
labour leader urges himself to stay calm , never agitated and relish the chance to show who i am .	labour leader reveals his planned ripostes to two possible tory attacks , accusing him of forgetting the deficit and of telling journalists he wanted to weaponise the issue of the nhs .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , was arrested around 1 .	30 a .	m . on tuesday when he was seen sleeping in daytona beach , florida , goldsboro police captain dwayne dean said .
jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six - month - old daughter addison on facebook .	dear jade , i have got together with a few of the girls and we are all so over your running commentary on your life and every single thing addy .
sarah and her husband james crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former us president ronald reagan in 1981 .	mrs brady , who trained as a school teacher , was the chairperson of the organization 's corporation up until her death .
jondrew lachaux , from las vegas , is married to the teenager 's mother38 - year - old kellie phillips .	she gave birth alone at home while looking after her child died in her mom 's bed .	the teen girl said she did not know that she was raped or pregnant .
the four sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's home in the middle of the night and forced onto a plan back to their father in italy and their return to italy was the fact that their mother had taken them from their home in italy on a ' vacation ' and never returned , claiming the girls ' father tomaso was an abuser laura garrett .
the tulsa county sheriff 's office falsified the training and firearms records of the millionaire reserve deputy who shot dead an unarmed suspect by mistake , claim sources within the department .	they allege that at least three of 73 - year - old robert bates ' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours - and that he was not fit to police the streets .	allegations of corruption published in the tulsa world come after claims the wealthy ceo ' paid to play cop' .
the inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by noel gallagher , 47 .	seemingly earning himself a reputation as the most popular artist on vinyl , gallagher can also claim the most successful album of the last 20 years on the format .
23 - year - old kamron taylor was awaiting sentencing for the murder of nelson williams jr , 21 .	he has been awaiting jail sentence for the june 2013 murder of taylor williams jr .	he is being held on weapons charges .
a 17 - year - old was trained with al qaeda in the u.s. in syria .	he says he wanted to go to a military base in the united states .	he faces charges of attempting to recall a terrorist act .
max verschuuren , 21 , was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the te urewera forest , north island , on saturday night when his mate blasted his back open . '	all of a sudden i heard this whack and the sound of a gun shot , ' mr verschuuren says .
the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low - flying , tank - killer aircraft , which is highly regarded by ground troops for the ability to provide close air support .
american apparel debuted a new ' pro - gay ' ad campaign featuring its female staffers .	the ad was posted on the helm of the company 's instagram account .	the brand also shared images from the company in celebration of the ad .
bonnie doll is australia 's answer to lara croft in the gaming world followers of her live stream pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations bonnie used to work in hospitality .	tv means you get a percentage from your monthly subscribers and also ad revenue .
alan barnes picked up the keys to his new home earlier this year .	the 67 - year - old said it was ' fantastic ' to be ' lovely ' to get his independence back .
cameron hooker , 61 , was handed a 104 - year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap , torture and rape of colleen stan .	she was forced into a coffin - like structure for 23 hours a day during much of her captivity .
average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in the last three months of 2014 .	figures show this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up an average of 11 .	6 hours a week .
the minute - long clip shows the s300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth .	it is believed the missile was about to be fired against government forces .
david letterman called it ' disrespectful to [UNK] .	however , it was an ' odd choice ' for the show .	the host attempted to warm up the show after being met with a joke .
sylvia freedman , who was enjoying a family trip away at avoca beach in the central coast , about 95kms north of sydney , filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water 's edge .
roman ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a photo of him grilling his lunch in the front row of his class .	the snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1 , 000 times .
mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train on november 7 last year .	she changed her mind as she was receiving psychiatric treatment in the months before her death , and had spent time as an inpatient at the carleton .
doctors are concerned with the increasing trend that 's seeing people cut whole food groups out of their diets , especially healthier options like wholegrains .	as revealed by the daily mail on tuesday , experts warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable , can damage one 's relationship with food and could be doing more harm than good .
transgender teen chase culpepper , 17 , was told to remove her makeup for her license photo last year .	she was told by dmv officials that she had to remove make - up for her photo of her appearance .
climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorologyon sunday .	however , although they knew it would occur somewhere around the southeast coast , they did not know exactly where .	but it turned out to hit closer to newcastle than port macquarie , ' mr white told daily mail australia .
prince george has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out .	the prince george 's first year boosted the economy by 247m .	the baby could bring in 150m to the british economy .
general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , sent a letter saying he regretted that he ' added to the grief ' of debbie lee , whose son marc was killed in ramadi on august 2 , 2006 .	the first navy seal to die in iraq , was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily - contested city .
120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine - dining meal for the food or a coffee .	the menu includes organic and locally cherry tomatoes and red onion .	the eaterie , which has been hailed as the world 's best staff .
the 25 - year - old boytoy is the lover , of a dominican woman in her late 30s , who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn .	the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex .
ermias ghermay , 34 , is believed to have made 72m with his accomplice mered medhanie from smuggling migrants in the last two years .	the 34 - year - old is thought to have a wife and child from smuggling ring .
prime minister david cameron will be joined by william hague as they launch the english votes .	the scottish parliament is expected to say that england risks being held to ransom by scottish mps .
kristina karo claims theft of her pet chicken as a child in los angeles .	karo states that ms kunis would come over to chicken farm in north - west ukraine where she lived , and play with the hen .
madison avery crotty , from san diego , is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation .	in a new video posted online , the wriggling one - month - old seems to doze off as soon as thomas ' buddy ' starts his deep breathing technique .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone , 30 , visited jaclyn 's apartment in last night 's episode of the fyi reality show .	the 30 - year - old said she was ' looking at him in a sexual [UNK] .
sacha whitehead , 26 , said she questioned her decision to leave the safety of her home at the peak of the violent storm .	sacha whitehead received more donations after posting a call to action on facebook .
patrick jones , a new york man , has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street .	he has been called a ' disgusting ' and ' the same thing ' and said it makes them feel ' horrible ' .	the man , who is wearing a t - shirt with a dog and a logo of the ' same way' .
joseph oberhansley , indiana , is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46 - year - old tammy jo harbin blanton last september .	on tuesday , clark county prosecutor jeremy mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on may 4 , thecourier - journalof louisville reported .
timothy s .	pappa , an fbi agent , claims that xiaoming gao was paid ' thousands of dollars ' to provide information on u.s. persons and a gao agent in the united states .	the affidavit claims that gao lived with another state department employee who had top - secret clearance .
elijah mckenna , 9 , from oklahoma , suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after the attack .
amber anderson , 27 , arrested on suspicion of having sex with a 15 - year - old freshman two years ago .	she was booked into prison on tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile .	anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during july and august .
dozens of people have been affected by the so - called ' winter vomiting bug ' .	the virus has not been identified , but many of those who fell ill attended a hotel at the hotel in the hotel .
alice liveing , from gerrards cross , buckinghamshire , began her healthy life on instagram .	she found her body with the help of healthy eating and her body .	she uses her body to help her healthy eating food .
tidal is billed as the first artist - owned platform for music and video .	the service aims to compete directly with spotify and apple 's music service .	tidal streams are $19 .	99 in the uk .
gwyneth paltrow files for divorce from chris martin , the couple whose split made them ' closer than they ever have been ' are still confounding their critics by playing nicely .	there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably - and how to stay friends with an ex .	if you have children together you will always have one shared goal: to bring your children up to be happy , functional adults .
the best - selling author is on a mission to spread the ethos with her new style bible , aptly named colour .	the designer said walking into her own colourful home gives her a ' squishy feeling of contentment ' .
scientists have found a system of priming the bodys immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours .	survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent .
karen buckley , 24 , went missing on a night out in glasgow .	the body was found at a farm in kelvinside , glasgow .	she was found dumped in a farm on a farm north of glasgow .
ariel castro and gina dejesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro , a man who lived close to their homes in ohio , and managed to lure them into his house with trust because his daughters were the girls ' friends .	the brave survivors have written a book , hope: a memoir of survival in cleveland .
natalie , 28 , suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis , and died in 2014 .	her daughter , natalie , lived in baltimore , maryland , last month , and was a mentally ill daughter .	the mother and daughter were shot to death in 2014 , and she was killed in 2004 .
the prime minister had just done a viewer call - in on itv 's this morning , made the comment as host phillip schofield moved on to the next item .	mr schofield said: ' up next , a man who can pinch your wallet , your watch and even your tie without you noticing .
designer brands balmain , balmain , dkny and alexander mcqueen .	will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way .	the sale will also see a generous 70 per cent of designer handbags and footwear .
o'shae smith , 20 , shot kendre allen , 18 , in the hip in late march .	smith was shot in six days in the area in march and has been ravaged by gang violence .
the drone was spotted by member of the prime minister 's staff , on the roof of his principle office and residence in chiyoda - ku , tokyo .	the japanese government reportedly plans to dump 30 million tonnes of radioactive debris from the disaster in the disaster .
david and david cameron were 200 miles away from a nursery in surbiton .	she was relieved to help paint a wooden plant , which is being reconditioned .	she had been 200 miles from a sikh temple in surbiton and surbiton .
courtney brain was told she must make up the missed time for the ' unauthorised absence ' .	she had a water infection for half an hour of lessons for half a hour .	her mother jane burnham said the detention was to give courtney .
98 volunteers were played the catchy tunes such as play hard by david guetta and payphone by maroon 5 .	they were a third less likely to ' hear ' it when chewing gum .
turkey hunting season begins in april and ends at the end of may , and is allowed in designated areas around the st .	cloud regional airport , in minnesota deer hunting in pittsburgh .
mozambique national emmanuel sithole stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township near johannesburg on saturday .	pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world , with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent mr sithole 's death .
the oscar - winning actor posted on social media that a ' benjamin cole ' of georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history .	the affair has severely embarrassed the actor , a high - profile campaigner for liberal causes , who runs a charity for africa .
the comic book film , avengers: age of ultron , was shot in seoul and the country 's culture ministry agreed to ensure the country would be shown in a positive light , it has emerged .	the republic of korea is shown as ' high tech ' and ' modern' .
the anthem of the seas , which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5 , 000 passengers , towered over the seas .	the royal caribbean 's newest cruise ship is now the world 's third largest cruise ship .
lian doyle agreed to hide the trainers worn by justin robertson when he murdered pennie davis because he had been paid 1 , 500 by the son of the victim 's ex - lover .	she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison , but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand .
condoms were thought to be worth 1 .	3 million on the black market .	they were sold by police after they broke up a pack of fake condoms .	the condoms were made by police in henan province .
mel mel has had to overcome ivf treatment in the past few months .	she started her own ivf program to raise awareness of her ivf treatment .	the couple 's efforts to have a baby have been thwarted .
26 - year - old british backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine - to - five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months .	the 26 - year - old british backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine - to - five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months .
the ship was battered by the storm of the century after being trapped on carnival spirit .	the sydney harbour pilot finally returned to the ship after being rescued by the ship in sydney 's sydney harbour .	a sydney harbour passenger told the ship that he had been sea sick .
duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen , in recognition of his contribution to the commonwealth nation .	the citation recognises the 93 - year - old duke of edinburgh 's long service to the british monarchy and the commonwealth , adding: ' he has served australia with distinction and is patron of over 800 organisations .
six tigers , a bear , a lion , a black leopard and a liger , were taken from hetrick 's stony ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ' unsafe' ' .	authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild animals .
the duchess of cambridge 's baby is due to give birth in a visit to london .	the palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed .	kate 's father , prince william , said she is ' not long to go now ' .	prince william has finished his air ambulance training .
the plane was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary maintenance .	the crew shut down both engines and notified the airport fire department .	the aircraft was towed to the gate where the plane landed .
jaime hessel said her driver had been on his phone and cut across lanes .	she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across the country .	uber has billed her $16 , 000 for a 35 - minute app .
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant , was held at the fried chicken chain store in channelview , texas , on march 31 .	the mother - of - three was fired less than two days after the incident .	she has now been offered her $2 , 000 in backpay , texas .
lord janner was encouraged by two aides to charge the labour peer .	both clare montgomery qc and eleanor laws qc , leading counsel to the investigation , said it was not in the decision .
loretta burroughs , 63 , sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband , danny , talked about the horror of losing him and finding out that she chopped up his body and took his remains with her when she moved .	mrs burroughs was arrested in may 2013 after danny burroughs ' body parts were found at his wife 's home in ventnor , new jersey .
karen reidy , 40 , slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 after her mother 's death .	she worked on a jeep engraved with his two - year - old karen reidy .	she had been cheating on her for several months .
jim carreys lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber , has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years .	miley cyrus and robert pattinson have graced the likes of jim carreys , lena dunham and miley cyrus .
bella , a 18 - year - old , is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell gigi , 19 , stars in a powerful and provocative new fashion success .	she is fast making a name for herself in the may issue of elle .
ann rule 's son , 54 , is accused of bullying her into giving him $23 , 327 , according to documents .	admitted to authorities that he blew the money given to him on gambling and strip clubs .	prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule .
aden gould , 21 , told he could not return to sainsbury 's after he opened some speakers there mr gould , who has learning difficulties and is unemployed , went into the sainsbury 's branch in stoke - on - trent and opened two boxes containing 25 speakers .	he then tested the gadgets to see if they worked with his mobile phone , and put them back on display .
pauline bruce 's neighbour yvonne ireland evans plagued her with silent calls , taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs .	it 's not the quiet and peaceful life pensioners pauline and her late husband tony expected when they moved to a static home on a community park .
michelle newman was almost two - years - old when he toppled out of a window and died from his injuries .	the two - year - old died from the window and was rushed to hospital .
shannon carter , from bradford , was jailed for three - and - a - half years in jail .	she was left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone .
moses yitzchok greenfeld , 19 , from stamford hill , london , had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25c when he got into difficulty .	an eyewitness has said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend .
the royal arrived in greece for the first time in the last two months .	she was joined by boyfriend dave clark and viewed the action from a private box beside the country 's crown .
a former defence minister has accused world leaders of concealing the presence of aliens .	paul hellyer , who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos .	he claims that the aliens have ' been visiting our planet for thousands of years ' and are unimpressed with how we live .
the image was captured by amateur photographer st george 's amateur photographer nicolas locatelli , 20 .	the image went viral on reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network .
the 43 - year - old was trying to find a doctor to move from a flatbed truck to a weight .	he was accompanied by his medical team in providence , the hospital association of rhode island and health .
arthur townsend , 92 , carried out the attack after becoming angry with martin carter .	he was given a lift in a care home in epping , essex .	he believed he was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages .
lt . dan from south carolina born without his paw now has a new friend who understands his unique struggle .	on monday the nine - week - old puppy was given to three - year - old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet .	he 's just like me!	</s> <s> , ' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of lt . dan .
gayla gayla , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's unusual legacy .	the 52 - year - old says men love her ' perfect belly ' and ' fat - [UNK] .
japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash .	the unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts , and dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub .	she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi , and dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub .
luna garcia , a houston woman , was torn away from her family in guanajuato , texas .	she claimed she was a ' daughter of her daughter ' and ' her parents ' .	she said she was not the daughter of a houston man .
islamabad is often cited as the worst in the world , according to the san francisco airport .	the airport is an important check - in to explore egypt 's holiday resorts .	lax is often seen as ' the worst for the [UNK] .
geoff barrow , who heads up record labelinvada , attacked spotify , youtube , apple and ' especially ' universal music for selling his music cheaply , saying that he has nothing to be paid more , but wants musicians to be able to go on the scene .
the 70 - year - old michaels is a legend at nbc for a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world and the world .
london - born isis execution jihadi john is being used to recruit a network of ' misfits ' around the world , made up of the ' very young , violent and mentally ill' .	mr rowley issued the warning of new tactics among islamist fanatics at the counter - terror expo at olympia , west london , yesterday .
archaeologists at boston university and the university of bath believe they were unable to compete with modern humans .	they found that without fire , a group of neanderthals would have less energy from their food as modern humans arrived from africa .	neanderthals have been found to make stone tools .
more than 2 , 000 britons found 10 per cent bother to scan it to a computer .	the internet has opened up the possibility of immortalising our life online .	a third of adults shun the storage possibilities for the internet .
shaun bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in march 2011 .	thusha , who had been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a ' ruthless attack ' in their home in croydon , south london on december 17 last year .
angie donohue , 43 , told her her husband that she was ' frightened ' of her husband of four years .	her husband , ms donohue , said she was a nice , sweet and her husband - to - be in the face of his son 's home .	ms donohue said her husband was very possessive .
researchers at the vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery .	they urged parents to be aware of the correlation between children and surgical - site infections .
smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates .	the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation .	blu e - cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up .
lucy southern , who worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by britannia hotels in leeds , was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager alex nkoroi .	she complained in august 2013 but nothing was done and in october , nkoroi began touching her , slapping her on the neck .
the 84 - year - old john sutton was just 8 years old when his father brought him to his first race in 1940 .	he has attended every race for the past 76 years and has attended the race .
hamayun tariq is a divorced 37 - year - old father - of - two who was born and raised in dudley in the uk .	he served a sentence for fraud in the west uk last year .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game - with one of his favorite nfl players watching from the sidelines , houston texans defensive lineman j .	j . watt . when nicholas finished , the 26 - year - old player ran across the court to congratulate him .
maickel melamed , who has completed races in the rain and cold , has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to walk or count - to finally cross the race .	melamed , 39 , may have come in last place in the 26 .	2 - mile race , but his story touched a city now .
called id , the id network will offer free roaming in 22 countries , including the us , australia and across europe .	the firm 's boss said the aim is to offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries .
prime minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment .	the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than 150 , 000 to fund additional free childcare places .
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise 's facebook account where it was liked over 2 , 000 times before she decided to remove it .	facebook users were quick to ridicule the steakhouse after the incident .
the 173 lots include the issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos , and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of carrie and samantha in sex and the city .	some are said to be worth a few hundred pounds .
almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault , nearly a third of them women .	this year 's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in january compared to 19 cases the previous january .
will be the first country in the world to switch off its fm radio signal .	norwegian government said it will turn off the fm transmitters on january 11 2017 .	now with the ever expanding number of digital radio services and growing numbers .
california firm says it will be a ' home battery ' and ' not a car ' .	tesla 's home battery would be ready for a public debut within months .	it is unclear whether the home battery will be used in a power cut .
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments .	several have admitted they may impose ' eligibility ' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight .
onetime hewlett - packard ceo will launch a formal campaign on may 4 , according to the wall street journal .	but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it 's just a rumor at this point .	but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it 's just a rumor at this point .
reality star said it was ' very disappointing ' that he stopped short of using the word .	kardashian , whose armenian heritage comes from her father , the late robert kardashian , has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide .
former brookside actress gave birth to son jaxton in september and admits she has struggled to regain her pre - baby figure .	claire , 44 , has now enlisted the help of susan hepburn , who famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 .	but instead of resorting to faddy diets , claire , who is a size 12 to 14 .
swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data .	the french are the most loved - up , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions , while australians use the average amount of emoji .
acidity found in citrus can be used to turn your trusty beach companion into a solar - charging device .	it 's known to be a great natural natural bleach , but orange will also work in a pinch .	the dream has now become a reality .
zachary cain stickler , 34 , died the day after he pleaded not guilty to hitting his partner a pilot has commited suicide by intentionally crashing his plane into a field in northern california .	stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself .	he had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge .
taxi driver ' uncle teng , ' from shenyang , north china , came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in - 30c .	they had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi'he told reporters from peoples daily online .
erica avery , 17 , charged with punching , kicking and pepper - spraying the girl before holding her down to be raped by woolfork montes on tuesday .	avery 's lawyer says the victim was attacked by the victim online .
the 32 - year - old has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ' obby ' oss celebrations .	mrs james said the rituals are part of her ' religion , culture and heritage ' .	the annual may 1 celebration is a centuries - old tradition , involving music and heritage .
abi gordon - cody , 26 , from droitwich , worcestershire , works as a special effects make - up artist with the daily challenge of trying to find ways of slicing off her fingers .
102 - year - old david barker used to dance with the videos of her routines .	the videos made her wish she could get out of bed and ' do it for [UNK] .
fine weather by much of the country will be replaced by showers this weekend .	parts of northern scotland could see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday .	temperatures are expected to be in brighter spots of the north west of scotland .
the 51 - year - old also discussed his battle with testicular cancer , keeping his children out of the public eye and how he plans to go on and on as ukip leader - until 2030 .	he was interview by the tonight programme 's julie etchingham on the seafront at deal , where he grew up .
aimee parry , 21 , took the ' diet pills ' deadly diet pills thought to have killed six young people in britain are being sold online for just 70p each .	the most recent victim of the chemical 2 , 4 - dinitrophenol ( dnp ) is eloise aimee parry , 21 , as reported in yesterdays mail .
rajpal singh , 34 , arrived at hospital in india complaining of metal objects .	mr singh has carried out nine - hour operation to remove metal objects from his stomach .	he had swallowed , 140 coins , 150 nails and nuts and bolts of metal .
mr guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day .	there have been questions about security at gallipoli following recent terror arrests in australia and ongoing instability in syria .
lib dem leader nick clegg claimed nigel farage 's ' mask is slipping ' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white ' lashing out ' in a scrabble for headlines .
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure .	researchers also commissioned by the institution of occupational safety and health .
giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs ( 2 .	7kg ) - and was 20 times bigger thanit should have been .	it was was extracted from a 45 - year - old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease .
holly nicole solomon , 36 , admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot after learning that he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election .	she has pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault .
obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america 's ' national treasures , ' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars .	obama was accompanied by bill nye ' the science guy , ' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power air force one , however , 9 , 000 gallons , round trip .
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself with a turkey baster .	she had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights .
aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees six months .	the australian securities and investments commission ( asic ) took action against the supermarket company last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0 .	5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores .
steve spowart helped the horses ' owner , sonia sharrock , to lead the animals to safety near dungog , in the nsw hunter region - one of the hardest hit areas in the state - where three people died in the state - where three people died in the state - where three people died in the state - where three people died in the state - where three people died in the severe weather , four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years .
figures from the trussell trust were seized on by labour and the tuc ' evidence that low pay , the so - called bedroom tax , and stopped benefits .	the trussel trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks .
sharon mann , 22 , told daily mail australia she and nick have been trying to conceive since they were married , but found it to be a ' much rougher road than they imagined ' .	after nine failed rounds of ivf and one failed egg donor attempt .
advisers to president tomislav nikolic described being ' thrown around the cabin ' when the co - pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board .	nikolic was forced to cancel his official trip to meet pope francis in the vatican .
omar hallak , principal of islamic school al - taqwa college , reportedly bans his female students from running this comes a month after revelations that mr hallak was telling students at his school that islamic state was not ' created ' by muslims , but was instead a plot against them by the west .
the nfl expects 6 , 000 of nearly 20 , 000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday .	the deal comes after the league has been dogged by complaints .
bianca london , bianca london and martha cliff used facetune to edit their selfies .	the 2 .	99 photo editing app is designed to help you remove spots , improve skin texture and photoshop .
austin hatfield , the 18 - year - old friendjason hatfield , 18 , found the snake in his bedroom in his wimauma home last week .	hatfield 's best friendjason hatfield was rushed to hospital in critical condition .
lucas hinch , 37 , was fed up with fighting for the last several months .	he took the 9mm pistol he'd recently purchased on craigslist out behind organica herb & tea co .	hinch was cited for discharging a blue screen of death .
the 24 - year - old , named locally as sid ahmed ghlam , had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti - terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement of paris .	police found arabic documents mentioning isis and al qaeda at the site student 's home , as well as evidence on his computer that hewas in contact with a man in syria .
a five - year - old girl is living in fear of being returned from a holding centre in darwin to troubled nauru for years while her family 's asylum claim is processed .	the girl 's father has applied for a protection visa for his family .
crime gangs from eastern europe are duped into believing they have a human right to a family life in the uk to raise the child .	in some cases , ' theresa may ' is based on interviews with senior police and officials .
nate d .	sanders is expected to fetch $800 , 000 when they are auctioned off at the end of the month .	seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic , along with a vhs cassette tape of the film signed by actor dan truitt , who played rolff von trapp .
samantha rawcliffe , 40 , from morecambe , has been diagnosed with rare brain disorder .	mother - of - two lost control of her body and crashed her car last may .	she has been confined to her house , unable to walk .
european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid ukraine .	russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were ' absolutely unacceptable' .
humpback whale populations are to be declassified as ' endangered ' following a successful conservation programme .	at one stage the worldwide population dropped to just a few thousand due to over - fishing and hunting , but it has now recovered to 90 , 000 .	some experts have warned it is too soon to declare the conservation project a success .
ricky woolaston , 35 , posed as a maintenance engineer to gain access to students ' drug habit .	he was caught after breaking into the university 's bio - sciences lab and leaving behind a police charge sheet .
premier league club is the most popular in the premier league .	it is a win for louis van gaal 's side with 5 .	in the world with strong support in the western isles .	the rest of the world is dominated by manchester united .
sweet potato is one of the most important food crops for human consumption .	scientists in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain ' sweet potato ' .	agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species .
gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul minnesota , first sought medical attention after he got twinkle twinkle little star trapped inside his mind last may , setting off nearly twelve months of doctors his mind .	he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years .
charlotte blakeway , 17 , was found dead in the bath at her home in shropshire .	the 17 - year - old has shocked her family , friends and teachers at shrewsbury sixth form college .
the 29 - year - old from epsom , surrey , has been accused of dropping the drug into the clubber 's drink at the roof gardens in west london last year .	the incident is alleged to have occurred at isleworth crown court on august 10 .
man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue hyundai getz car on the far south coast of nsw , just after 8 .	30pm on wednesday .	but on thursday evening 7 news captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police .	officers were shown chasing the man into bushland and over a fence before pouncing on him .
the bash - the - rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington , d .	c . after wrapping up a two - day new hampshire campaign trip .	daily mail online asked her in the washington reagan national airport terminal .
hayley carney , known as robert , has been dreaming of a life in britain .	she will have six months to apply for a marriage visa , but will set her on the path to citizenship .	she is believed to be a british citizen in the uk .
robbie knievel , 52 , has been arrested for dui in butte , montana .	he has been charged with dui in 2006 .	he was arrested for 30 days in connection with the crash .
the incident happened at junction 13 of the m74 near abington in south lanarkshire .	traffic scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold - ups due to a dog taking control of a lamb .
two syrian men cling to each other as their rescue ship docks in the sicilian port of augusta .	the italian rescue vessel was picked up off the coast of the italian mainland .	parents had gambled everything to seek new life in europe .
dr . valentine 's gasped at the image of a semi - naked man on his ipod .	he used his ipod to take intimate photos of dr valentine 's ipod in april 2013 .
william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , who was then 44 years old .	they came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap when they became an item when william was 16 .	they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together .
up to 30 , 000 migrants , including 2 , 500 children , could be killed this year .	ukip leader said ' millions ' of migrants could arrive on boats in the mediterranean .
kim shillinglaw said clarkson will be back ' on the bbc ' .	she said there was ' no way ' she would let clarkson go to waste .	clarkson 's final moments on the motoring show would be aired this summer .
scientists at the university of southern california believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition .	scientists have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear , that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss .	noise - induced hearing loss is one of the most common work - related illness .
dr phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream ' f***' , and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall .	richards , 50 , arrested last week and charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting an officer and battery on a police officer following a drunken incident at the beverly hills hotel .
university of illinois scientists have created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes in a disk .	the simulation was made using data from scientists at the university of our university of maryland .	it comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging .
the uco stormproof matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in the match .	the matches will be available from the uk , and the matches are available for the matches .	the match sticks and blown them with a compressed air hose .
new research revealed that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs .	it raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions , which could reach up to 2 .	5 feet , to attract a mate .	the research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled palaeontologists for decades .
the memphis commercial appeal reports 35 - year old laura eugenia smith faces multiple charges , including dui , child endangerment and public intoxication .	in an affidavit , police say a witness noticed the girl driving smith 's car with smith sitting in the passenger seat .
ms gibson said she was ' misdiagnosed ' by a ' dr . '	she said she may have been ' baffled ' by her relationship with her son .	ms gibson admitted she had been ' struggling ' by embracing her cancer .
raquel d'apice , a comedian and mother - of - one from new jersey , has put her own personal spin on crowd - sourced assessments .	she said she came up with the idea of the parody posts .
23 , 320 people have died in conflict in the past year .	2 , 538 people killed in political unrest in tel aviv , israel says .	israel 's remembrance day has been held on wednesday .
historians have discovered 1 , 900 - year - old hangover treatment .	the papyrus was found in oxyrhynchus , egypt , and contains a medical ' recipe ' for treating a drunken headache .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship after enjoying dinner , an evening show and a drink in the cruise ships cabaret bar , ron and june phillips headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa .	but their relaxing night on the luxury liner was shattered by a violent confrontation .
the cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britains got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde .	the mother of two girls said she is recommending cetaphil to clients for years .
monica mcdermott had to be restrained by police after she tried to climb out of a police patrol car .	she was banned from driving for drink - driving for two years .	she pleaded guilty to drink driving for four years .
rspca officers discovered thefive illegal pit bull terrier - type dogs at a make - shift farm in lancashire .	the footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars , covered with scars and were kept in urine - soaked cages without water .	all five illegal dogs - dingo , sheeba , fenton and mousey - were ordered to be destroyed .
gang members were moved from izalco jail to san francisco , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .	the gang members have been moved from regular prisons to the same prison for the first time .	barrio 18 members were killed in a confrontation with gang members in el salvador .
paedophile gary glitter 's youngest victims has broken her 10 - year silence to speak for the first time as an adult of her appalling ordeal at the fallen idol 's hands .	the girl , who mailonline is not identifying , now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out , haunted by her life - changing nightmare .
erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated from their twin brother maarten to belgium and their mother stayed with josephine in their native netherlands .	the three siblings say they now plan to spend 16 years .
greg hardy has been suspended by the nfl after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year .	hardy , who signed with the dallas cowboys last month , will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games .	this comes almost one year after hardy , 25 , was convicted by a judge last july of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex - girlfriend , nicki holder .
sir james , who is president of the family division , gave his advice in a case in which two teenage girls have refused to see their father for more than six years .	sir james said there would be ' lifelong pain ' for parents to get their way .
the apple watch is set down for april 24 , the price comparison website finder .	com . au suggests , if you haven't already pre - ordered , you might be better off waiting until next year for the second .
prime minister said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which ' punished the poor' .	he accused ed miliband and ed balls of having ' some brass neck ' by attacking the tories for failing the poor , adding: ' don't you dare lecture us on poverty .
christopher starrs , 50 , was jailed for two years after pleading guilty to a two - and - a - half year sentence in january .	he was sentenced to two years in january after admitting his sentence was ' unlawful ' .	starrs was allowed to pay a 1 , 000 fine .
in the first four months of the year , there have so far been 5 , 080 flight cancellations .	it 's low - cost carrier monarch has seen a 30% increase in delays so far .
fashion conscious shanice farier , 22 , from derby , earned a ' decent salary ' and received handouts from her father but that wasn't enough for her expensive taste .	she helped herself to money from kanoo travel in derby and spent it staying in hotels and living ' an opulent lifestyle' .
the three - year - old dog was spotted in near glenn highway on monday night .	the animal was removed from handlers in anchorage , anchorage , on march 21 .	sarabi escaped from handlers on april 28 after being dropped by the dog .
natali castellanos - tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from chesterfield county , was returning home from a birthday party february 21 with her daughter , elisa , in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain - soaked road , slammed her silver ford explorer into a tree and died at the scene .	investigators concluded that the crash was a one - car collision that was caused by poor road conditions .
martin springall , 38 , photographed his young daughter - who he wished not to be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014 .	he said he was living and working in tokyo , around an hour north , and wanted to send a picture ' to my wife , who was at work' .
tracy walters , 48 , is accused of killing his wife in the incident in the death of his wife .	he was flown to hospital after the crash in markfield , leicester crown court .
barry selby , a 54 - year - old , lives with his dog in poole , dorset .	he was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found it .	the floor - fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two - and - a - half .
brett robinson , 32 , is facing 12 charges after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .	the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry , 39 , who worked in a maximum security control room known as ' the bubble' , struck up a relationship with the inmate .
trussell trust said it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday .	the number of users is likely to be no more than half a million and possibly lower still .	it emerged that the true number of food parcels handed out from 913 , 138 .
the 34 - year - old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle he not only returned to his normal weight - but he then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter billy hope .	his trainer claybon told yahoo: ' gradually we built up , day - by - day , to 2 , 000 .
the actor bought the aston martin db4 cabriolet in 1962 , shortly after winning a best supporting actor oscar for his role as batiatus in spartacus .	it was one of the most luxurious cars of its day , costing 4 , 000 and was delivered to him at a time when the average house price in britain was just 2 , 500 .
king felipe , 47 , planted a big kiss on queen letizia 's cheek .	the 42 - year - old made a speech before presenting mr manas 's award .	the royal was called upon to make a speech .
the james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang .	the telescope will weigh 6 .	4 tons .
baboucarr ceesay , a talented footballer from the gambia , is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a ' desperate ' attempt to seek a new life in the uk .	his aunt jessica sey , a talented footballer from the gambia , is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a ' desperate ' attempt to seek a new life in the uk .
david norris , 51 , pounced on his wife dionne in the graveyard of st nicholas church .	he was sentenced to 20 years after being found guilty of attempted murder .	the 51 - year - old begged him to think of their children as he ' played dead ' and a member of the public .
the island had not eaten for two weeks when they tracked down and killed what was a common caiman .	it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile .	conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically .
charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 , has cast plus - size models in its new campaign for the first time ever .	starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high streetgiants including marks & spencer's , debenhams and laura ashley , this year 's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause .
majority of british workers could save up to 1 , 300 a year if they prepared their lunch at home instead of buying pre - packed sandwiches .	cheese , crackers and charcuterie are a simple and delicious lunch .
a man , in his 50s and from the york city , was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder .	police have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could be set to continue over a number of days .
restoration project will cost up to 350 , 000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least 570 , 000 to return it to its former glory .	there were about 1 , 100 db4 series iii cars made from 1958 to 1963 - and it is becoming tougher to find one that offers a restoration project .
steven gaydos , a 10 - year veteran , was arrested for evading law enforcement , driving with a prescription painkiller after he fell to the ground .	gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license .	martinez was suspended for three days without pay for the tactic .
the national museum of denmark 's collection is on display at the national settlement in greenland in copenhagen .	it was the only known as a ' naatsit' , the underwear is adorned with beads of glass , with a woman and a woman .
john duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers , 33 , whose decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25 - acre lakesland property , located near picton , south west of sydney .	in the opening statements of duffy 's trial crown prosecutor elizabeth wilkins sc told the jury , that while his former partner , rachel evans , had initiated the violent act , duffy had willingly joined in .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage .	the young bow tie - wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium .
the family of jerry moon , 97 , was cremated by mistake after a funeral home .	the mistake was placed on the body of 97 - year - old jerry moon .	mr moon began arranging for his funeral 16 years before the death .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years and was a member of the first african - american family to live in her neighborhood , and now it and 49 others , may be bulldozed .	this so the city can make way for a campus forthe national geospatial - intelligence agency .
oskar groening , 93 , is being tried on 300 , 000 counts of accessory to murder .	around 425 , 000 jews from hungary were brought to the birkenau complex in nazi - occupied poland .
jesinta campbell has admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses following months of speculation .	she has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel ' insulted ' by her deception .	the wellness blogger became a fan of wellness blogger .
nhs 's first privately run hospital ignored a spot check by its own inspectors that found huge improvements in standards .	in january the commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as ' inadequate ' and placed it in special measures , along with a dozen of the worst hospitals in the country .
vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks , which can spread potentially fatal diseases to humans .	their warning comes after a survey found almost half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs .
the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving .	the staged event on thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene .
man in his 20s died after the crash and a pilot died at the scene .	a friend said he was ' highly skilled ' and ' very skilled ' .	witnesses said the crash was a ' terrible accident ' .	the pilot has been informed of the incident .
rolly robinson , 17 , took steps to look even more like the 17 - year - old reality star in a new video tutorial .	rolly also uses a lip suction cup to create the appearance of cleavage .
rep . knight , 48 , was elected to represent the 25th congressional district last year .	he was one of 75 house republicans who voted to pass a bill for undocumented immigrants .	knight was a former los angeles police officer who voted for the u.s. .
snp leader alex salmond has provoked outrage after he was caught boasting: ' i'm writing labour 's budget ' .	secret footage showed the former first minister , who is bidding to become an mp , mocking labour after it slapped down its scottish leader jim murphy , who claimed he would write the party 's budget .
eight - year - old peter 's name is peter 's first lady for the u.s. lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine .	he also disappointed millions of americans by not bombing syria .
the cheapest item in the range is a 2 .	79 set of party cups .	chevron divine tablewear range for parents - to - be and its great for a multi - millionaire .
ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave - owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry affleck .	the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook , while also explaining his reasons for his decision .
the plane dropped nearly 30 , 000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york .	the plane landed ' out of an abundance of light - [UNK] .
the dna cut known as a double strand break closely mimics the kinds of mutations that occur naturally .	the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for - thalassaemia , a potentially deadly blood disorder , using a germ line editing technique .
ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandezin the eye when he testifies during thewrongful death suit .	hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract , was convicted april 15 of first - degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17 , 2013 .
bounkham ' bou bou ' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident .	his mother told buzzfeed surgeons would be trying to ' scrape away the gunpowder ' .	bou bou 's mother said the medical bills have surpassed $1 million .
christopher swain , a clean - water activist , embarked on a 1 .	8 - mile swim in new york .	he swam about an hour into the canal in a strip of water .
lib dem leader says farage 's ' millions ' of refugees could ' get it back on track ' .	he said he was ' slipping ' during the campaign but insisted he was confident he could not get back on to the next .
the former tory party chairman said the prime minister had never had a ' proper job ' .	the former cabinet minister said he was ' not a real man ' with real depth of experience .	lord tebbit said the pm had ' hinterland of experience ' .	he said: ' i just cannot read mr cameron .
she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency .	she is accused of sexually assaulting a student at southwark crown court .	she was released on bail ahead of a plea deal .
photos show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot .	isis released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group 's control as happy and carefree - distributing images of smiling farmers living near aleppo who use western technology .
rebecca grant , 40 , initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused , but when she refused to give the name of her captors , police checked her id .	the 40 - year - old allegedly threatened to head - butt a deputy sheriff in limington , maine .
the nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists taking advantage of its lax regulations .	the previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse .
joseph o'riordan , 76 , left his wife mandy , 47 , with life - threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity .	but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover , nick gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds .
lord janner signed over the deeds of his 2million home to his children and son in march last year .	his mental health did not seem to stand in the way of his alleged victims .
emily , 25 , from shropshire , gets paid 100 an hour - but it 's unlikely you've seen her face professional hand model emily .	emily , a former beauty writer , moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
nine - year - old isabelle hyart was raped and murdered on april 15 .	her body was discovered in a migrant camp last week .	mourners gathered at st peter 's in northern france today .
almost 1 , 000 people have been killed in four weeks of air strikes in yemen .	prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give each of the pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital .
woman , who did not want to be identified , told a bbc documentary that airs tonight that she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by is .	she was lucky to escape from the is capitalraqqa in syria where she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone .
one in five admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night , according to a new study .	three - quarters of australians were estimated to shop online at night .
farage said he had to ' confess ' that he was happier accepting migrants from commonwealth countries such as australian and india .	the remarks come after mr farage demanded that refugees fleeing to europe across the mediterranean are sent back .
abu khaled al - cambodi has starred in a 12 - minute propaganda video where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday .	baryalei , a former melbourne man neil prakash , is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of australian militants for the islamic state .	he is believed to have ordered his ' beloved brothers ' to ' baryalei .
tear - resistant filter paper cones can be life - savers in many other situations .	femail has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers 1 .	as a makeshift lid worry not if your only microwave - friendly bowl .
susan monica and her defense team react to hearing a guilty verdict in court on tuesday .	the jackson county jury found susan monica guilty of murdering two men about a year apart , then abusing their corpses by feeding them to the animals at her farm , the medford mail tribune reported .
silicon valley - based start - up is offering an at - home dna saliva test to detect the same gene mutations priced at just $249 ( 167 ) .	women with a mutation in brca1 have a lifetime risk of up to 80 percent for developing breast cancer and up to a 50 percent chance of developing ovarian cancer .
dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons .	the harvard - educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 .	the harvard - educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 .
the 26 - year - old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , leeton high school on april 5 .	school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .	ms scotts body was found by police in cocoparra national park .	tomorrow will be stephanies funeral all are welcome to pay your respects .
david cameron and boris johnson were left stumped by the puzzle at advantage children 's day nursery in surbiton , as three - year - old stephanie looked on when they tried to put the puzzle back together .	the prime minister tried out what could be a new election slogan , telling him: ' if in doubt , wedge it in .
new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife .	the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife .
vit jedlicka , 31 , is the self - declared president of ' liberland' , which is located on the banks of the danube river .	the land making up the so - called ' micronation ' was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia .
the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york city .	she 's never been a wallflower , and for the time 100 gala in the world sophie theallet evening dress from the spring 2015 collection .
david healy , head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatric unit in bangor , north wales , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact .	suggested that the success of so - called ssri drugs which include prozac and seroxat was based on the marketing of a myth .
tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside and gradually took more than 40 children over the last 26 years .	but the couple have faced a great deal of heartache .
the duchess of cambridge will give birth to their first child in a few days time .	the prince will be taking six weeks of paternity leave for the first week of the year .	he will be on domestic paternity leave .
the new york city skin clinic has a $360 - per - month membership of the clinic 's ' addictive ' procedure .	the clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to sign a funeral director and a coroner .
18 - year - old was told he had only weeks to help the surgery .	he was willing to perform the risky surgery that will hopefully save his life .	his mother rhonda said: ' it was such a beautiful moment ' .	dr charlie teo was the only surgeon in australia willing to buy the operation .
george nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on sunday afternoon at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife velta 's grave .	he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head .	nagobads , who is recovering at home , said on tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital .
located in the centre of the city , the signature suite is a sight to be seen and inside .	it 's the highest suspended hotel room in the three - bedroom hotel room .
seven - year - old colin 'she ' i don't like that a jedi is strong with you , ' colin 's mother said .	colin wrote a letter to colin 's letter to the star wars .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders has been accused of ' damaging public confidence ' in the justice system with her ruling .	lord janner is unfit to face trial over child abuse allegations .
ed miliband said he would have to pay the proposed 250 a month ' mansion tax ' on homes worth more than 2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one .	the claim comes despite revelations that his four - storey victorian town house has two kitchens including one for the family 's live - in nanny .
joanessa clawson , 35 , her husband james clawson , 38 , and her mother patti ann baldassarre , 68 , from marietta , georgia , all facefelony conspiracy charges .	the gofundme page , which has now been removed , is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the clawson family .
sgt . daniel knapp , from jacksonville , north carolina , has been denied re - enlistment due to the service 's strict policy on body ink .	the marine corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos while he was in the marines .
stephanie scott 's fiance aaron leeson - woolley was sitting between ms scott 's parents merrilyn and robert , wearing a yellow flower pinned to his shirt , her mother merrilyn , father robert , and her siblings .	grace , who had been taught by the 26 - year - old since year 8 , said she enjoyed her excursions with her teacher , remembering ' fish and chips at circular quay ' fondly .
phoebe jones , 42 , surrendered to lowndes county sheriffs office in valdosta and has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault .	rumors had been circulating the school that she had relations with the career and technical instruction .
jonah willow was one of 20 players in the open section of the tournament .	the 12 - year - old was left thinking for 15 minutes after two hours of play .	jonah beat three other players in nottingham chess .
south african youths are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country .	swazi gold is grown in the tiny south african sovereign state of south africa .	south africa is commonly mixed with heroin .
ganjendra singh , 41 , hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest .	the 41 - year - old was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd .	seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and a indian scarf .
sally lutkin , 49 , had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week after a botched tattoo when sally lutkin decided to have her grandchildren 's names tattooed on her leg .	she was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design , as well as an unsightly scar she will have to live with for years .
ronan ghosh , 39 , was filmed trying to steal the goods out of the store .	but a court heard that he was caught shoplifting after heading to a tesco store .	he was given a 12 - month community order to pay 575 .
supermarket 's clothing brand f&f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market .	it comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes .
more than five million visas are expected to be issued to students , tourists and workersthis year - the biggest amount since world war ii .	as many as 1 .	9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time throughout this year .	while a record 185 , 000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 .
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months .	the figures have re - opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for pilots .
marcus copeland , 44 , was named best mortgage broker in the midlands and wales .	the 44 - year - old spent a year trying to persuade a farmer to sell it in the north wales .	he was featured in an article for homebuilding and renovating magazine .
sally lutkin , 49 , had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week after a botched tattoo when sally lutkin decided to have her grandchildren 's names tattooed on her leg .	she was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design , as well as an unsightly scar she will have to live with for years .
marine le pen , 46 , took over from her father in 2011 , says it shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic .
the number of middle - aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise .	thorpe is 40 with 2ft 10in of hair and recently , supermodel twiggy stood up for older women with long locks .
strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine - boned actresses such as jennifer aniston and gwyneth paltrow .	but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ?	the narrow skirt clings to my hips and legs , making me look taller and slimmer .
massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire boat in 1940 .	the boat returned to london where it was first built 80 years ago .	they are now hoping to transport the massey shaw to dunkirk .
biologists at goethe university frankfurt , germany , found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip .	researchers hope their findings could help in development of new treatments .
surgeon sergio canavero has no problem with anyone branding him dr frankenstein , also has not got any qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life .	he confirmed that he hopes to operate on his first patient , a russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease .
blake , 27 , welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in the gym .	she has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles .	she stars alongside michiel huisman and blake lively .
shirley temple was a ex - husband of two years after she was 17 years old .	she said her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered with her affairs .	she was accused of ' grievous bodily harm ' and was ' [UNK] .
latasha gosling , 27 , and two daughters , janyaa , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were found dead at their home in tisdale , saskatchewan .	the suspect in the case was found with a six - month - old baby .
labour leader ed miliband is getting a small taste of what it might be like to be a member of one direction .	the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the may 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician .	her tweets in support of ed have led to lots of other women posting tweets of affection for him fearing a gaffe .
stewart brand , president of the whole earth catalogue , believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful .	the number of new species was currently outstripping the loss of species on earth in an event to rival the extinction of the species .
youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street .	the man holds his money for a second , astounded , before throwing it at erakat .	the man holds his money for a second , astounded , before throwing it at erakat .
scott keyes , a 28 - year - old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20 , 000 miles on credit cards .	he has revealed his travel hacks in his ebooks how to hit the world without falling into the ticket .
the baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around .	the original idea was conceived by three londoners who dreamt of bringing the beautiful lakes of zurich to the capital .
james boase , 36 , had been drinking with a friend in boase , devon .	the 36 - year - old told torquay magistrates ' court that he had been ' confused and scared ' .	he said he had failed to stop after being involved in a drink accident .
twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men , including daniel craig as james bond in movie casino royale what are you rebelling against ?	ed miliband 's popularity ratings have so far failed to make ed miliband treatment .
shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer .	she will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft .	she is expected to undergo five more rounds of chemotherapy .
memphis city council agreed yesterday that hound dog ii and lisa marie named after the king of rock n rolls daughter can be moved from his estate to a site nearby .	graceland visitors can currently buy a ticket that includes a tour of presley 's home - turned - museum and the interiors of the two planes .
the mother - of - two was diagnosed with brachycephaly , also known as ' flat head syndrome ' .	it is thought to be caused by babies sleeping on their back during the day .	the nhs does not pay for treatment , the nhs said .
recorded in the state of washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year , the video , created by youtube channel cut , shows each of the three ex - cops .
gulam chowdhury , 24 , was acquitted of murder of mr afzal , 22 , on march 24 .	he had been involved in a relationship with chowdhury and mr afzal in the death .	he was terrified that he would show intimate photographs of her father .
aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ' armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 .	torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting .	in the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog .
the five - star hotel in porto celebrates all things wine - port wine , in particular - and has the feel of a place steeped in decades - old tradition .	but , to my surprise , the yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar .
tom mctevia , 42 , who was left without the use of his legs following another atv accident 11 years ago , was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington , 45 , near an overlook at lake pend oreille county on sunday .	when the group stopped for a photograph around noon , mctevia 's atv got too close to the edge of the 2 , 000 - foot cliff and went over , witnesses said .
king goodwill zwelithini has been blamed for sparking the xenophobic riots which has left at least seven dead in the last couple of weeks .	the dyed - in - the - wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women 's rights and hiv/aids campaigners for his hardline stance on controversial traditional virginity testing .
nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner , telling them , i love the smell of jet fuel , according to an account provided to white house reporters .	nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president 's jet as it burns up more than 9 , 180 gallons of fuel .
marv , who was stuck in bristol , was stuck upside down in a wall in bristol .	he was reunited with his family in hanham , bristol , and his family .	the cat became stuck in a small gap in two garages .
philip garrod , 43 , claimed he was rushing to work after a colleague had contacted him before he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the a470 at dolgellau in north wales .	he pleaded guilty and was fined 650 with six counts .
lea coligado , 21 , created the project to celebrate the bias against women .	the goal is to celebrate living - and thriving - known rebels against the numbers and the gender norms .
as many as half of the u.s. will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the army will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers .	the maximum body fat percentage that the military allows for recruits aged 17 - 20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females .
the anti - vaccination organisation has come under fire for comparing vaccinations to rape in a social media post .	the page line on the image read , ' pro - choice , pro - vaccinations and pro - vaccination - skeptics , ' said the australian vaccination skeptics .
14 - year - old is now fighting for her life in delhis safdarjung hospital .	she was allegedly raped by five men from her village in nagaland , india .	she set herself on fire at her home in delhi , india , and her family .
the findings of the journal of the american medical association are based on a study of about 95 , 000 young people .	they found that vaccines had no effect on autism risk , whether or not a sibling in the family was diagnosed .
the brightly coloured pedestrian crossingwas due to be installed in devon - the first in europe - as a mark of the town 's pride for its gay community .	but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side - effects for people with alzheimer's .
hendry , 49 , rowed with his then girlfriend sarah kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving through lytham st annes , lancashire , where he was seen speeding , a court heard .	police followed his 10 - year - old car as it crossed double white lines while the father - of - four attempted to drive home .
many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , irs commissioner john koskinen says .	the budget has been cut by $1 .	2 billion since 2010 .	the agency has cut millions of dollars .
the offences , which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child , happened in cars , woods or at the defendants ' homes in banbury , oxfordshire .	oxford crown court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them .	the men were found guilty in march and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail .
the internet is forever: a social media staffer to donald trump retweeted an off - color jab at hillary clinton on thursday before the boss deleted it trump , a multibillionaire who 's considering a presidential run .	his office confirmed on friday that it was a trump employee , not a fat - fingered ceo , who was responsible .
georgia state patrol said three people were injured and seven vehicles were damaged .	the tractor - trailer came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker .	three people also were killed and seven were injured .
davion navar henry , 16 , made a desperate plea for someone to ' adopt him ' .	the 16 - year - old made a plea for afamily to ' love him , the same as my other children ' .	davion , 17 , put her hand on davion 's shoulder .
a generous double room in peckham , south - east london , has been put up for rent for just 400 a month . '	martin ' informs people looking at the double room , suitable for couples , that there is a leak in the room .	gentrification and a booming property market in the capital have made peckham .
pro - israel advocacy group known for ' killing jews is worship ' on new york city 's buses .	he said he was ' sensitive to the fear of violent attacks ' by the mta .
motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole after it appeared on the residential earl street in northampton .	police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole .
delta said ' a small number of customers ' on flight 271 from paris to newark airport in new jersey .	two people were taken to massachusetts general hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at logan airport .
four seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and beverages throughout the trip the inside of the aircraft features leather flat - bed seats .	the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in - flight perks that accompany the experience .
brad pitt and angelina jolie are in no danger of having to endure a night at the holiday inn .	as one of the most famous duos in the world , it 's not surprising the globe - trotting pair have expensive tastes .	there have even been reports that brangelina , and their six children , have shut down whole hotel floors .
the eight - year - old boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his colorado school last week .	his mother said it would be a year before her son had the all - clear from his std .
labour leader ed miliband will pledge to restore our commitment to the eu and other international groups such as the united nations .	he will accuse david cameron of taking britain to the edge of european exit .
depp plays james ' white ' bulger in the first trailer for his latest film black mass .	the trailer was one of the fbi 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was released .
new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife .	the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife .
new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able - bodied people think they are being supportive , but end up being just the opposite .	one user wrote , amid nearly 4 , 000 comments made in the space of a day .
belle l .	w . h . h . wendy l .	belle gibson , belle belle , wendy belle and belle gibson among those who do not want to spoil a happy ending with a cloud of the world .	she says she founded her book and top - rating food app .
ivan milat , australia 's most notorious serial killer , could have been jailed for his first backpacker murder in 1989 .	he was sentenced to life in prison for the first crime in 1989 , according to a new report .	milat 's brother , boris milat , was convicted of the murder of seven backpackers .
patrick fredricksen , 30 , was stopped on his way to one child 's home in utah .	he had already used the bus 's on - board list of children 's names and addresses to try and abduct a fireman .
a jury watched a distressing video interview in which the 20 - year - old told officers how she flagged down a car belonging to iranian masood mansouri believing he was a taxi driver .	but instead of taking her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her .	masood mansouri , 33 , from saltney , flintshire , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault the woman .
the animal takes a deer bone on a frozen lake in furen in japan .	the fox tries to steal the bone as he moved into the bone in the lake .	the animal is also seen as a second eagle in the jaws of the fox .
michael david ikeler , 36 , was arrested and charged over the abduction of a two - year - old girl from a car wash on april 5 .	police say the key to tracking down the suspect , who noticed ikeler altering the appearance of his car .	police described the driver of the vehicle as a .
analysts from the institute for fiscal studies said none of the major parties had given ' anything like full details ' on how they will tackle the nations ' debts .	labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra 26billion - a - year .
kimberley donoghue , the 28 - year - old was forced to hobble down the aisle .	she had to sit down the stairs when she was preparing for the day .	she has decided to celebrate without any problems .
the u.s. appeals court ruled that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights .	the portland , oregon - based band , which plays a kind of the chinatown dance rock , applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011 .
tom [UNK] the fiance of the west end in the broadway play american buffalo .	he is set to release a film with ryan gosling , ryan gosling and david rooney .	he will feature alongside damian gosling , david pattinson and andrew garfield .
bhadreshkumar patel patel , 24 , charged with beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife at a dunkin ' donuts in hanover , maryland .	he was last seen at a hotel near newark international airport shortly after his wife was killed on april 12 .	patel 's wife , palak bhadreskumar patel , was found dead in the united states .
the unnamed woman , from the sunshine coast , found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant coles in caboolture , north of brisbane .	she was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away .
robert downey jr is in london to promote his new film avengers: age of ultron .	he was asked about his personal life in the footage of the short - lived chat .	the 50 - year - old was asked for his relationship with kristen stewart robert pattinson .
ashton taylor , 21 , from perth , was diagnosed with a app in july 2013 .	she has undergone 15 separate brain surgeries in two years .	the 21 - year - old said she had terminal brain cancer .
two years on , the curious and friendly joey they have dubbed ' dusty ' is now so comfortable living with the couple and their dogs lilly and rosie on their farm , near esperance in western australia , that the stewart 's are convinced he actually thinks he is a dog too .	dusty rides around the property in the back of mr stewart 's truck along with the dogs , sleeps with them on a dog bed .
benidorm , benidorm , benidorm and benidorm among those pushing for beach holidays .	the resort was applying for order to be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are ' accessible ' for .
deborah roberts , 53 , forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow 's mouth in an attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital .	she also poured water over the dementia patient , telling other staff: ' my son said if they do it to you , you can do it to them .
rupa huq , who is standing for ed miliband 's party in a key marginal seat in west london , said she felt no shame in accepting a 1 , 000 donation from the prime minister that she was quizzed about the donation .
the fire took place at a building in flint , michigan , on wednesday .	the building was known as the body shop and a few nearby power lines were affected .	the blaze took place in the flint intersection , michigan .
out - of - date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts , meaning you may not be completely covered with vital uv filters , even if the active ingredients in the sun cream remain stable .
conmen caught on camera stealing an 80 - year - old savings from a cash machine in the atm as they withdrew the pensioner 's bank cards and pin .	the pair were caught on cctv using the same cards , laughing and joking as they stole 150 from a phone .
6ft 5in , 330lb nfl player is a regular user of the taxi app and yesterday told fans that he had sent them a job application .	the pro footballer also took to twitter to explain the decision , stating: ' people ask me why would you want to be an uber driver if you play in the nfl .
boko haram jihadis casually posing in front of terror group 's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles .	the slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official isis releases , suggesting the middle east - based militants have taken full control of boko haram propaganda .	the release came as nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the islamist 's final stronghold in the country .
albert davison , zoe davison , 73 , had been valued at 4 .	25million . but before he died in 2011 , he and his second wife penny anndavison , 59 , fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for fouryears over his fortune , before she was .
police officer michael rapiejko said he had left him with no other choice than to use potentially lethal force .	police have since spoken out in defense of rapiejko 's actions in the town of valencia .
keepers at the columbus zoo say the ten - year - old irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are being hand - reared in an incubator .	their eyes are also closed but they're set to grow to a heftier 650lbs .
hillary clinton 's newborn presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the u.s. state department .	hillary and chelsea clinton foundation re - filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments .
the 36 - year - old found the medals in the northern territory and drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family .	but on his arrival at the darwin military museum , mr cordina was refused the medals and said they ' were more important to the museum , ' he said . '	i was disgusted about it , ' mr slade said .
evnika saadvakass became a youtube sensation when she was five - years - old .	the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to her progress .
18 - year - old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead in the beeston area of leeds last month .	the unidentified victim will speak out in tonight 's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams .
yamini karanam , 26 , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain .	surgeons operating on the 26 - year - old has been found to resemble a foetus .	a type of bone , hair and teeth what they believed to be a tumour in the brain .
federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader 's obstruction of justice conviction on wednesday , ruling 10 - 1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids distribution .
rebels bikie gang president 's visa while he was overseas in his native malta last year .	in a judgement obtained by daily mail australia , the court this week ordered vella , who has painted himself as a nelson mandela - like figure and sold stubby holders and t - shirts to fund his legal battle , pay all court costs .
the company has unveiled a u.s. wireless service that switches between wi - fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low .	google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge the nexus 6 .
alarm failed at the home of the former president 's houston home in washington d .	c . bush , it was revealed in a report by the department of homeland security office of inspector general , who was released on thursday .	the secret service bought a replacement system in the 15 months .
a man , in his 50s and from the york city , was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder .	police have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could be set to continue over a number of days .
the study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) .	the research claims that natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates .
nearly 3 .	8million crimes were recorded by police last year , an increase of 2 per cent from 2013 .	the number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged up by a third .
three children on board were ' excited and a little disruptive ' during the incident .	the pilot was ' relatively new to the c - 310 ' and he was ' distracted by the [UNK] .
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant , was held at the fried chicken chain store in channelview , texas , on march 31 .	the mother - of - three was fired less than two days after the incident .	she has now been offered her $2 , 000 in backpay , texas .
the 33 - year - old is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days .	william 's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother carole , who is .
more than 1 .	5 million innocent people died at auschwitz at auschwitz .	more than 250 , 000 people died in auschwitz in auschwitz .	the memorial site has urged visitors to book their visits online ahead of time .
ben thurlow , a 23 - year - old , has been drinking heavily in pubs in driffield , east yorkshire .	he has been spared jail after admitting he was ' suffering from concussion ' .	he had been drinking in driffield town centre after splitting up with his girlfriend .
carrie reichert , a dominatrix who claims she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show .	in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she was said to have invited 10 women to party .
the scandal - a - day lender faced criticism from long - term investors .	chairman sir david walker defended the banks decision to pay out 1 .	86billion in bonuses , including packages of more than 1million .
more than 1 , 500 people have come out in support of gareth blanks .	mr blanks , 31 , was ' hysterical ' when he returned to his home in truro , cornwall .	he was taunted by a group of three men and one woman in cornwall .
jamie jewitt , 24 , from essex , weighed 15st before his 15th birthday .	he was a student and working part - time as an electronic salesman .	the 22 - year - old was so self - conscious he would pursue a career in rugby .	he shed the excess weight and now weighs 12st .
las vegas is known as the sin city in the city of the city .	it is the reason for the name of the venice or the surrounding area .	las vegas has the tag ' sin city ' after the second world war in las vegas .	the founder of the netherlands is ' big [UNK] .
the mobile x - ray scanner is heralded as the world 's first airplane scanner .	it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside .	the device can be used to detect various objects inside .
the loss is the largest ever declared by a british firm and reflects a seismic shift in shopping habits away from big box stores .	tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank .
wesley burton , a father - of - three , was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury .	the crash occurred near the berkeley - oakland city line and police say the hit - and - run driver fled the back to the scene .	his wife has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband 's death .
leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa .	one militant said it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ' unlikely ' to be considered much of a defence for the isis .
the swedish cops put their new york city vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night .	the friends were on their way to see les misrables on broadway , dna info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush - hour 6 train .	the samaritan scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the nypd could arrive , the post reports .
spanish lawyer said she was ' religiously paying taxes ' in the uk for 10 years .	she said she had been ' rubbishness of the far right ' on the party 's party .
bulgaria is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer .	bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .
donald allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22 - caliber pistol at officer brian barnett on april 11 .	barnett , 25 .	then shoots allen dead after he comes at him with the gun , making threatening statements as he does .	it was recovered but the audio was not deputy chief of police mike carter .
it is the enlightening , exquisitely written account , give or take a few autobiographical tangents , of a year in the life of james rebanks , whose family has been farming in the lake district for at least six centuries .	he was born into a job from which , now in his 40s , he takes infinite pride .
janice baker kinney , marcella tate , and autumn burns held a press conference on thursday morning in los angeles , california , to announce their claims .	their attorney gloria allred , who represents most of cosby 's accusers , said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian 's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour .
author jon krakauer has made it the subject of his new book documenting the explosive allegations .	the author of the critically acclaimed book into the wild , sat down for an interview with abc 's nightline , which aired wednesday night , to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape .
former first daughter , former u.s. president bill clinton and the daughter of the united states said it was ' the most transparent ' in the wake of the scandalous claims .
21 - year - old university student died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills this week .	her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online , saying her daughter never intended to take her own life , she just didn't understand the danger of taking an overdose of the tablets .
chinese designers have developed an contraption called the bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel .	when ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate , churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer .	chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising .
april 7 , thenga adams , flying from guyana in south america was arrested after customs at jfk in new york searched the sneakers in his luggage .	customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30 , 000 worth of cocaine , say airport officials .
440kg sucks from his mother 's udders with one of his mouths .	he is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born , in narnaul , northern india .	the female calf was born in whiting , vermont .
the residence: of the white house is the presidents member of the first lady and her husband .	the pay is not great , but the glory of the place is the best - [UNK] .
aimee craven , of hull , east yorkshire , was accused of trying to shield the 20 tesco clothes horse from cctv as she walked off the train .	the mother - of - one was removed from a train and taken away in a police van because she thought it had been left by its owner .	but british police officers trawled through cctv footage to track down the 32 - year - old .
' a day to be celebrate all that makes england great' , st george 's day takes place on april 23 every year .	among them was the 70th anniversary of the end of the city of london .
brett robinson , 32 , is facing 12 charges after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .	the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry , 39 , who worked in a maximum security control room known as ' the bubble' , struck up a relationship with the inmate .
tristram hunt said labour would be a sign of education secretary to send children to a private school in the state sector .	mr hunt said it would be an ' education secretary ' to send their children .
jacksonville , florida photographer kristina bewly took her 4 - year - old daughter giselle to the florida theme park for the first time last september and they have been returning every month since .	each time the family visits , giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother kristina .
party said st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a ' dragon ' .	the party said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to britain .
the body of a 50 - foot whale was still on a california beach in california .	it was on the name of a bay area motorcycle club .	the whale was on pacifica state beach .
eu leaders will decide how to deal with the migrant tragedy on the libyan coast .	only 5 , 000 refugees who survive the perilous journey will be granted safe haven in europe and the eu .
the gang used the power tool to cut through the wall of the secured vault .	police are offering a 20 , 000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved .
black woman , tyus byrd , was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate randall ramsey .	six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd won , according to multiple reports .	two of those - trish cohen , parma 's former police chief , and rich medley , the town 's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to nbc news .
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster .	photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released , with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward .	they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame .
lizzi crawford , 32 , from stoke - on - trent , tipped the scales at 20 stone when she overheard the young bus passenger ask his mum: ' has she got a baby in her belly ? '	lizzi crawford dropped over 7st after a stranger mistook her for being pregnant .
billionaire founder of microsoft and philanthropist has said it may in fact be possible to keep eating meat and still care for the planet .	world 's richest man , has defended meat eating , saying was unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian .
vestiaire - to - measure pink hermes bag embellished with rubies has gone on sale for 140 , 000 on its site .	the rare tote is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in a store and experts say it 's an extremely good investment .
european parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic beverages must include calorie counts on their labels under current eu regulations .	the european parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic beverages must include calorie counts on their labels under current eu regulations , producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal the nutritional value of their products .
mary doyle keefe , 19 , was on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 , and became a symbol for feminism and economic power for american female workers during the war .
paul armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons .	the 26 - year - old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years .
the bbc has been accused of launching a left - wing stitch - up on radio 1 .	host chris smith said he would not be allowed to win a majority .	twitter user calvin robinson accused him of being hostile towards the prime minister .
adam gadahn , a former little leaguer , was born in a drone strike in january .	he converted to islam at the age of a former u.s. spokesman .	he was the first american citizen to be charged with treason .
chancellor warned of ' dangerous cocktail ' if ed miliband is at the mercy of snp leader nicola sturgeon .	the chancellor said it would spark a ' constitutional crisis ' if scottish nationalist mps held the balance of power .
andrew chan and sukumaran were sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including sukumaran and sukumaran .	the nigerian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on saturday .	news of the letters will be a firing squad for the execution .
paul , 22 , was cited for a dui on sunday in lexington , kentucky .	the 22 - year - old was charged with minor injuries to his face .	paul was treated at the university of kentucky hospital in kentucky .
new survey by academics at lancashire 's edge hill university found a direct link between anxiety and performance .	femail has enlisted the help of michael ribton , principal , principal at burlington danes .
specially - produced advert will be played on e4 on may 7 featuring ' darren ' the man fictionally in charge of keeping e4 on air , sitting in the channel 's control room .	e4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers , reaching 8 .	7 million .
dr arfon williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in north wales , after his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march .	his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service .	health bosses responsible for north wales said difficulties recruiting gps is a national issue .
the two men were arrested on a new extradition treaty and an intelligence - sharing agreement with the islamic state .	the two were arrested in the middle east in turkey after being caught on a extradition treaty .	the men were believed to have been arrested in turkey .
the fire brigades union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous and becoming more common because the ambulance service is so overstretched .	the fire brigade union says the fire engines are routinely used to attend life - threatening emergencies .
justine jones , a mother - of - two , claims her face was left covered in huge sores and in agony for her daughter 's birthday .	her mother justine jones had bought the bottle for a tesco finest garnacha .
footage of the unusual scene was released by chinese traffic police last week in attempt to warn the public of the dangerous stunts that could be seen on the roads .	traffic authorities in eastern china said they were shocked when spotting this scene on cctv footage , according to the people 's daily online .
michael hanline was convicted of murder for fatal shooting of truck driver j .	mcgarr in 1980 .	but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that he was innocent .
ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway .	previous and equally violent eruptions at calbuco have continued for up to a week , according to a volcanologist from oxford university who told mailonline it is impossible to predict what will happen next .
light general aviation aircraft approaches the aero acres residential airpark .	pilot re - fires the plane scratches along the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the runway .	the pilot realized that the plane touches down with a bump and scratches .
british and norwegian vets say homeopathy could lead to ' serious animal health and welfare detriment ' .	british and commons vets have called the eu rules on organic fish treatment ' scientifically [UNK] , saying the use of homeopathy could be ' scientifically illiterate' .
uber is believed to be working on technology for self - driving cabs .	experts say it could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by half .
navinder singh sarao , author of knightmare , is accused of ' flash crash ' this week .	he was accused of making the flash crash in the us and britain .	he allegedly used automated trading software to ' spoof ' market .
the 72 - year - old was arrested at a hotel in the new orleans capital in march .	durst , 72 , faces a murder charge in an hbo docu - series the jinx .	he faces state charges in an unrelated california case .
carole middleton , 60 , will be godmother to kate 's second grandchild .	pippa , 31 , recently returned to london and will be part of the party .	she will be close with a mother of two and her sister .
bikram yoga improves mindfulness , flexibility , muscle tone and general fitness , advocates boast .	but a new study has warned the practise , which involves performing 26 poses , can raise a person 's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels .	atypical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40c .
the prime minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at penzance today .	the conservatives are fighting against their coalition partners in the south - west .	mr cameron is still leaving ed miliband 's labour party nationally , with just 14 days to go .
barry beavis launched a legal bid to overturn his fine , saying it was unfair , disproportionate and unenforceable .	but in a landmark ruling , appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither ' extravagant or unconscionable' .
rep . mike doyle was found to be a non - harmful substance in the office of rep .	doyle . the substance was found in the cannon house office building in pittsburgh .	the area has been tested on wednesday .
the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants , and some of them have radical changes from the chairs .	the series 7 ' 7 ' seat has been created by crawley - based acro .
nicholas figueroa , 55 , died in a building explosion in new york last month .	he has spoken out ana figueroa at the site of the disaster that killed two and destroyed three buildings in march .
paul was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light - match accounts of the fireball that caused the conversion of paul the apostle may have been a falling meteor 2 , 000 years ago .	they say descriptions of paul 's experience - in the sky that triggered the conversion .
david cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration then speaks differently in private .	fake colleges , bogus visas , wide open loopholes , the wrong immigration incentives , sham marriages .
the 23 - year - old founder of the anti - social personalities said it was a ' lack of it 's [UNK] .	in the past , a need for love and attention may have been in less .
matt dunford , 30 , bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of 5 , 000 after their six - month relationship broke down .	the model , who claims he spends 100 , 000 - a - year on his looks and is now working as a stripper , says he took an overdose and suffered a seizure days before the hearing .
theresa dybalski received a lump - sum payment of $522 , 822 after taxes from her $1million winnings last month .	she plans to share her winnings as well as the friend 's family .
images show the brightest spot and its companion standing out against the darker surroundings .	they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater ( shown ) .	however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are .
fried fish and chips has become a british institution in england .	it is believed to be partly portuguese and partly belgian fish and fried fish .	fried fish already had a long history in london .
amelia morton , 23 , from birmingham , who weighed 12 - and - a - half stone , was shocked into a post - graduation diet after being told by her father: ' boys don't fancy fat girls' .	amelia was forced to get a part - time job in retail to fund her eating habits .	amelia says the cambridge weight plan taught her how to eat like a normal person by controlling her portion sizes .
scott chaplin , 34 , was jailed for five - and - a - half years for life - saving cancer drugs .	he was the ringleader of the plot , but she and scott chaplin were jailed last summer .	judge leonard chaplin said he was ' invaluable ' for the fraud .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women who trebled to 45 last year .	but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .	the figure has been rising for the past decade .
south yorkshire police missed ' child sex exploitation ' to tackle child sexual exploitation in south yorkshire .	nca says police force did not use ' alternative strategies ' to protect victims of child sex .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second - degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris , who was killed during a botched sting .	the 73 - year - old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser .
research by financial guide money advice service found 45 per cent of people lied about their earnings , spending , bills or credit cards .	around one in four men lied about how much they spend on themselves .
the lyrid shower has been observed for the last 2 , 700 years across the globe .	it is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour .	most years there are no more than 100 meteors sightings per hour , most years the peak .
iconic sports field , completed in 1960 and home to first the san francisco giants and later the san francisco 49ers , has been torn down to make way for houses , a hotel and a shopping center .	the iconic sports field , completed in 1960 and home to first the san francisco giants and later the san francisco 49ers , has been torn down to make way for houses , a hotel and a shopping center .
louis tomlinson , 23 , was ferried to a stadium in lima , london .	the 23 - year - old was photographed returning to his hotel in london .	it comes after zayn malik smoked what appeared to be marijuana .
photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the lyrid meteor shower above the uk last night .	he took his photo around 1am this morning and incredibly managed to get the colourful northern lights in the picture too .	the lyrids are so - called because they occur in the constellation lyra .
male teacher , who had not been named , was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary inalbuquerque , new mexico , when he made the chilling remark around a week ago .	some students were so distressed by what they heard , that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher .
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses .	more than three - quarters asked for more training to cope with the extra procedures but only 49 per cent had received any training while 27 per cent .
sgt . sgt . sgt . julian sgt .	layka was on her eighth overseas military tour .	the u.s. army staff sgt julian mcdonald , a 4 - year - old layka , a belgian malinois , was in his home after fighting to adopt her for two years .	layka decided to bring her home to live with his son .
ellie laing , the news and current affairs director of sbs , was reported to be taking a more ' commercial ' approach to the network by hiring ' good - looking , female , anglo - celtic ' journalists .	carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards , many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill .
durvasula durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from the scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction between a couple , thanks to the high levels of therapy .
michael brown announced wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of ferguson .	attorneys for the family said in a statement wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed thursday .	attorneys for brown 's mother , lesley mcspadden , and his father , michael brown sr .
richard symonds claims he was not a ' liberal democrat ' and ' chase me ladies ' .	he was accused of using an anonymous user id to apologise for his past .	he joined the wikipedia project in january last year .
janet and john brennan bought the fortress for 65 , 000 in 1997 .	they bought the 15th century fort , in dumfries and galloway .	they have spent hundreds of pounds on the market for 695 , 000 .
photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world , including in syria , pakistan and north korea .	one image shows fighters from the sawt al - haq ( voice of rights ) battalion of the free syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in aleppo .
the elephant was trapped in the middle of the quagmire during the night .	the animal was found to be trapped in a swamp in the swamp of the swamp .	the elephant became stuck in the quagmire .
multi - millionaire richard harpin has given the tories 375 , 000 since 2008 .	the tories have accepted hundreds of pounds from a businessman whose company duped thousands of families in a mis - selling scandal .
willa junior is the seattle - tacoma baggage handler who fell asleep in the cargo hold of a plane earlier this month , and became trapped inside when the plane took off making headlines: junior , who appears to be in his early 20s according to facebook , wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice: ' i mean when i first started the job , we took naps .
security experts are expected to discuss their findings at this week 's rsa conference in san francisco .	the vulnerability means that once a hacker can access the kernel , or core , of the alternative to the galaxy .
the 59 - year - old farmer says police told him to pull down the model after they received a complaint about his ' offensive ' sculpture .	he says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos but he has refused to do so .
brazilian heat located off the costa verde , between rio de janeiro and sao paulo .	the island - priced from 2 , 500 a night - can accommodate eight guests ilha de mana is a 15 - minute boat ride from paraty , and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro perhaps the best part of all is that guests who rent ilha de mana .
jade badland , 24 , was ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work .	court heard that they were too drunk to remember what they had done at the premier inn at a stansted airport .
nathan davenport , 49 , was found guilty of supplying heroin by undercover police officer who recognised him because he had his initials on his face .	he was jailed for 12 months for possession of heroin .
hydrogen fuel is appealing for use in cars like the vauxhall zafira minivan .	it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel .
anne jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road .	her family and friend are in shock , with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet , ' strong - willed ' woman to stay at home .
the prime minister used a selfie stick for the first time in a visit to cornwall .	he was presented with a cornish t - shirt emblazoned with a t - shirts .	he said it was nice to have a night without the children .
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster .	photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released , with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward .	they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame .
union barons gave more than 700 , 000 to labour in the second week of the election .	labour received 1 .	1million in donations between april 6 and april 12 more than twice as much as the conservative party which received just 492 , 000 .
the 22 - year - old appeared on the cover of the 2012 sports illustrated swimsuit issue , lives by the abc rule: no alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates , and goes through a 48 - hour juice .
edward ronayne was given 9 , 000 in compensation after he claimed he suffered a psychiatric injury from seeing his wife swell up ' like michelin man ' after botched surgery at liverpool women 's hospital .	the nhs is now fighting to overturn the payout , fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation .
nicole p .	m . eramo said she was raped by seven men at the university of virginia .	she said she would not repeat the same mistakes but has not been fired .	the article 's author , sabrina rubin erdely , said the magazine has not done enough to work .
fifi m .	maacaron , 36 , is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert .	the 36 - year - old uses full - fat cream cheese in a face mask .	maacaron is a great skincare expert and natural cleansing .
ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman to the ground of a parking lot during an arrest .	the footage was taken on his cash cam and by a person in a store in the store .
hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents .	bill clinton received one of his biggest paychecks in $500 , 000 for a june 2010 speech in moscow funded by an investment bank with ties to russian president vladimir putin .
tiffany williams and jessica versey , both 19 and from chester , cheshire , became close friends on facebook for ' nudity ' .	she was cleared of hodgkin 's lymphoma earlier this month and regularly documented her struggle with nudity .
stephen munden , 54 , described as having a ' fanatical obsession ' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus , near hook , hampshire .	now officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act .
australian prime minister tony abbott says the eu must follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the mediterranean .	they are expected to double funding and equipment for eu border - patrol missions .
bahar mustafa , 27 , is accused of banning men and white people from a ' diversity ' meeting in london .	the student union member said it was open to self - defining belief .
women who carry a mutated version of brca1 or a life - time risk of breast cancer .	women who did not have their ovaries removed as she was diagnosed with breast cancer by up to 70 per cent .
brady invited the super bowl champion to the white house on thursday .	he was the first super bowl winner to the floyd house in las vegas on weekend .	the patriots were under the bush administration for the first time .
facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear .	it pulls in any publicly - shared data from a user 's facebook profile .	it is expected to roll out to other regions and devices .
new york times , reported thursday afternoonthat comcast is planning to ' walk away ' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government .	2billion deal would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market with more than 27million customers .
russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles .	one such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration .	they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food .
the photos , taken in a forest outside moscow in russia , showmaria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear , named stephen .	organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living ' side - by - side ' with bears and to discourage hunting - but in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat .
christian tyrrell , 22 , was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the death of 2 - year - old adrian langlais , the son of his girlfriend jessica langlais .	winkler and martinez considered themselves adrian 's grandparents , even though they weren't blood related to the little boy .	the son - started dating tyrrell , and say the mother ignored them .
boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron .	mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by mr cameron .
the group has put together a team of ' extraterrestrial experts ' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable .	and it says amateur astronomers could help with its ' unprecedented ' search for et by accessing research data online .
owning a private jet is a luxury only afford to the wealthy , and you'll need to be to continually fork out for landing charges .	it charges 2 .	5 million private passengers in 2012 .
charlene , 35 , was visiting snow hill island in the beach as part of an expedition when she made an unusual friend on the beach .	despite being no more than two months old , the species is still thought to have weighed around 200lbs .
king juan carlos ii had a long - running affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign .	but if felipe was upset about the revelations , they certainly weren't showing it as they arrived at the university of alcala de henares .
the house 's terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set to go under the hammer on the market on may 23 .	the four - bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost dinnigan $4 .	45 million in the property .
the old man knocked the woman 's phone out of her hand , causing the screen to pay her back once he has the means to do so , she continues to berate him in the street .
bethune - cookman university student damian parks , 22 , drowned in daytona beach on sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am .	students who were with parks , who were all part of a step team called melodic stepping experience , which formed last year , said no hazing was involved .
former scottish first minister is running as an snp candidate , was featured on the front page of yesterdays mail .	mr mccluskey urges his members to take back our country and restore decency , dignity and justice .
the grade i listed walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close boasts a view of the river avon from the 1820s painting of the cathedral .	the house agents say they'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the painting .
baltimore , california , headquartered in california , has been linked to the death of african - americans .	the 25 - year - old has been in the midst of the deadly attack in the past year , he says .	[UNK] " it 's a point of [UNK] .
prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options .	as soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked .
abc released a fourth clip on the eve of bruce jenner 's sitdown interview with diane sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition .	the network is not expected to reveal much more in advance of friday 's interview .
charlotte s , now 94 , was an ss guard in the nazi death camps in germany .	she was transferred to the dark side of hitler 's third reich .	they were investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles .
the venue was renowned for its rock concerts but everything changed in 1984 when heavy metal band motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down .	the crowd went wild over the group 's unique ear - shattering brand of music , the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience - ending the concert and the life of the variety theater in one deafening shriek .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said she was not ' understandable ' .	she said she did not have to deal with the pressures of being a man .	ms sturgeon said: ' i suppose people have an understandable curiosity and that 's understandable .	that 's the kind of stuff i watch , ' she said .
ravi beefnah plastered his 35 , 000 audi a5 with slogans and parked it outside the dealership in chelmsford , essex , in february as a warning to other buyers .	two months later and mr beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that audi have failed to resolve his long - running complaint about the engine and fix the car .
the 36 - year - old is hoping to represent caldoro in campania , southern italy .	she has defended her pictures and denied she was using her looks to get votes .	ms la greca is a political candidate for the scottish national party .
the reason for the costs accumulate significantly over a number of years .	price increases by as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed to females , highlight the absurd and [UNK] .
andrew stewart wood , of havant , hampshire , was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the hard rock hotel in the universal theme park resort in the early hours of tuesday .	a guest reportedly told a security guard at the luxury hotel that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises .
the 28 - year - old quit her corporate job in her apartment in just three months .	she quit her blogging pasta , bread and pasta , rice and potatoes .	she scored a deal to write a cooking and healthy diet .
omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so - called islamic state under the nameabu sa'eed al - britani .	last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes .
karlis bardelis , 30 , from latvia , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire , scotland .	he was trying to take part in a training course in hospital .	he has now been charged with the footage of his harness .
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car in their garage in saratoga springs , utah .	but while she was gone , the 43 - year - old was seriously injured when the fell off its jack - crushing his chest .	mr mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home .
the father of one of van ryn 's victims has also been seen in her backyard , lawyer francois salama told the nsw supreme court on thursday morning .	van ryn pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .
dubbed a hydrafacial , the 30 - minute treatment is currently available in new york .	the treatment involves stem cell from an infant 's foreskin .	one writer said her skin as glowing as jennifer lopez's .'
james james , 34 , suffers from a rare illness which means he is ' real - life ' .	his mother claire said he was first diagnosed with a rare condition .	he was given a rare form of ' chocolate face ' when he was stopped .
andmeghan , 29 , is the first to admit that things can be carried out in a new article on her website .	the 29 - year - old editor says she felt ' great ' in her life when she was at a skinniest .
the paleo diet has been a 30 - year - old recipe for the ' brew ' contained more than 10 times the amount for a baby .	the paleo advocate has been encouraging hundreds and thousands of australians to embrace the lifestyle .
the 28 - year - old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled why i'm on team weirdo for life , in which she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a ' regular ' girl by altering her appearance .
archaeologists have found evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes in catalonia , but they were not alone .	the remains of other canivores including cave bears , rhinos , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave alongside the neanderthals .
rhiannon taylor , 29 , from indonesia , has travelled the world to review .	the 29 - year - old has travelled everywhere from indonesia to the u.s. and mexico to document the great hotels .
david cameron 's party has five per cent of the vote ahead of the election .	labour is on 32 per cent and liberal democrats on eight per cent .	some 75 per cent say they would make up their minds .
earlier this month france passed a new law that bars models from the catwalk if their body mass index is deemed too low .	models can be seen strutting down the catwalk at paris fashion week .
john moore 's poignant photographs of the outbreak in liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people 's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated by the deadly disease .	mr moore 's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture , arts and culture , conceptual , contemporary and landscapes .
the two french tourists charged with setting fire to a quokka have been released from prison after spending a week behind bars the french men opted to serve the seven days in hakea prison rather than pay the fine .	the creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame animal rights activists have claimed that the pair 's punishment was too lenient for their crime .
the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth , with traffic backed up as a result .	sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner .
former cia director david petraeus will not go to jail forgiving his mistress classified material while she was working on a book about him , a judge ruled today .	the former u.s. army general , whose career was destroyed when the affair with paula broadwell emerged in november 2012 , avoided jail time at the hearing in charlotte , north carolina .	petraeus was wearing his wedding ring but there was no sign of his wife , holly .
out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine .	venues do let players as young as 18 in , the majority of attendees are elderly , and the discoveries mirror a spike in oaps being treated for drug abuse .
the face of an increasing number of surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy , janet street - porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day!	trendy men with bushy beards .
adele adkins , a mother - of - one , has topped the young music rich list again , earning 5million in the last year , despite releasing no new music it has been almost four years since her last album .	the singer has retained her place at the top of the list of britains richest musicians under the age of 30 .	ed sheeran , 24 , has enjoyed the years biggest rise , with a 13million boost taking his fortune to 20million and moving him from 23rd to seventh on the list .
66 - year - old clarence david moore called police this week to surrender .	he escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life , living in kentucky since at least 2009 .	his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking .
the images were taken in isis - held territory in the region of homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis .	the sequence of four images taken by the group of executioners made a display of hugging the men and telling them they were forgiven of their ' sins' .
the 14 - year - old was charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack during the anzac day ceremony in melbourne , australia .	he was remanded in custody after appearing in court in court today .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show in the president 's tonight show .	the new jersey president appeared on president jimmy fallon for the weight jokes about him on the show .	fallon gave him a pint of ice cream for the first time .
the speed camera has been turned off across the west midlands .	it has not been working for more than two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the region .	however , it is not expected to be working for two years .
bettie jo , the 24 - year - old , lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce .	she was housebound and unable to care for herself .	but she said she didn't want to kill herself .
curtis stone and his actress wife lindsay price have two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months the celebrity chef .	the 39 - year - old is back in australia to visit family and promote his new cookbook , good food , good life .
u.s. residents will be an immigrant by 2023 , the report from the center for immigration studies( cis ) .	documented and undocumented immigrants in the united states could reach a record high in the united states by 2023 , when their share of the population could hit 14 .	8 per cent that number could rise to one in five by 2060 , when immigrant population reaches 78 million .
sightings of the wild are extremely rare as siberian tigers have the largest home range of any tiger subspecies .	guests will hope to see the critically endangered siberian tiger in russia .	the rarest animal that guests can be the safari for the world .
the panellist said she was ' hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a ' discussion about overweight teens ' .	critics and the public have spoken out on twitter .
scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope .	they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays .	a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres .
last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time 181 .	8 million compared with 141 .	3 million .	cava tends to be more fruity and ripe for the champagne .
the 29 - year - old was convicted of raping two patients while they were under generalanaesthetic and assaulted others at john radcliffe hospital oxford .	he was jailed for raping two female patients in the hospital .
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins .	the technique is based on the dna methylation - the higher the temperature required to melt them .
carl bradey , 25 , rescued a three - year - old girl from a raging house fire last month .	he has undergone four major operations in the early hours of the fire .	the house and his family have undergone four burns .
andrew steele 's wife and sister - in - law were found not legally responsible for the killing of his wife and ashlee steele .	steele had been diagnosed with lou gehrig 's disease , and his wife , ashlee steele , and her sister - 38 - year - old kacee .
five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since the charlie hebdo massacre in paris , the country 's prime minister manuel valls said today .	his chilling words follow the arrest of a 24 - year - old student who was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches with an armoury of weapons including kalashnikov assault rifles .
alison saunders , the director of public prosecutions , said she was ' not afraid ' of a legal challenge because she is convinced the labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia .	she announced lord janner would not face trial she refused to quit because ' making the right decision is not a resigning issue' .
hillary clinton 's family 's charities are refiling at least five years of tax returns after an investigation revealed they had misreported tens of millions of dollars in donations from governments .	the charities ' errors generally took the form of under - reporting or over - reporting donations from foreign governments , or in other instances , omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue , the charities confirmed to reuters , which uncovered the mistakes .
the volcano in chile is believed to be among the most dangerous of the volcano .	the volcano is thought to be in the country 's south of chile .	the eruption caused a thick plume of ash and smoke .
anika stanford , the mother of vincent stanford , has been charged with the murder of the death of vincent leeson .	she was buried in an emotional funeral service on leeton police station .
henry rayhons , 78 , was accused of having sex with his wife donna lou rayhons at her nursing home - despite being told her dementia and alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself .	mr rayhons , 78 , was accused of having sex with his wife donna lou rayhons at her nursing home - despite being told her dementia and alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself .
this year 's proms will include a late - night concert hosted by dj pete tong , who will pay ' homage to ibiza and its infectious , ' energetic brand of club music' .
man - made quakes jolted once stable regions in the central and eastern us , including parts of alabama , colorado , colorado , kansas , new mexico , ohio , oklahoma and texas .
greece 's prime minister alexis tsipras said the country had been ' running on empty ' since the end of the month .	eu leaders fear the left - wing syriza government will choose to appease creditors .
rebecca malone met a woman calling herself ' rili ' on a social website 11 months ago .	she contacted mr malone after turning up at her company 's address , he discovered the office had been charged .
fiona ' kitty ' body was found in the water near the edge of the water .	the body was discovered in kemah , texas , on wednesday morning .	the girl 's body had been found in her fifth birthday on wednesday .
the beer is made from yeast grown in a taxidermied body of a beer on the international space station .	the company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a beer .
darren jones , who is standing for bristol north west , was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs .	the 28 - year - old is looking forward to getting back on the campaign trail .	mr jones sat on the studio floor before going on air .
kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy , the montgomery county district attorney 's office said .	investigation began when a 15 - year - old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in her limerick township home in march .
ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop innovokuznetsk , southern russia .	but after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough , the 22 - year - old is well - known to the police .
koby hodder , a 10 - year - old , suffered a cardiac arrest after he was 10 a year old .	he was playing british bulldog a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the british heart foundation .
christie 's employee wears the maria christina royal devant - de - corsage brooch , which is expected to raise in excess of 53million .	the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries .
mother - of - two was diagnosed with skin cancer in a life - saving nine - hour operation to stop the disease spreading to her brain .	the 46 - year - old was 15 when she was 24 and had a cancerous mole removed from her neck .	she hopes to stay out of the sun .
jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond today held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman - just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc .	it means mr wilman , a childhood friend of clarkson who helped revamp top gear into the corporation 's most successful programme , is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel .
the palace of westminster is the most popular cities in the world .	nearly 100 submissions have been created in the city of westminster .	the carvings are the latest absence of the carvings .
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $1 , 050 , 000 per acre in dark blue and land less than $2 , 000 .	it was the most valuable , with tax and real estate data to tabulate values for all of the federal , agricultural .
the service is part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service .	the calls for the ' victim ' had been run down by a man in basildon , england .
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day .	footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path .
lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment .	she was ordered held on $150 , 000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .	the killing came after the late mayor 's years of domestic abuse , the widow claims .
mohammad ali jawad , 56 , ' dimmed the lights ' and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts .	he denies all the allegations against him .
the first black woman to become the top u.s. senate voted on thursday to approve loretta lynch as president barack obama 's next attorney general , ending a five - month deadlock that made lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys general combined .	the white house said it did not know when exactly lynch would be sworn in but it wasn't likely to be today .
celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in thursday 's episode of the dr .	oz show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods .	four who signed the letter , including leader author henry miller , have at some point been associated with the american council on science and health .	the organization has previously received grants from monsanto , who manufactures gmo seeds .
russell'rusty ' yates , who has since remarried and has a son , slammed his ex - wife 's murder trial , claiming it was the ' cruelestthing he had ever witnessed' .	he insisted her actions were ' completely a result of her illness ' andmaintainsshe was a good mother who lovedher children .
cardinal francis george was remembered as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as catholics say their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation 's third - largest archdiocese .	he was known as a ' vigorous defender of the roman catholic [UNK] .
antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment .	the 41 - year - old removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs .	he took three lice , nestled among the hairs of his camera .
anzac biscuits are the perfect way to celebrate anzac day this weekend .	the anzac biscuit recipe uses rice malt syrup which is a fructose - free sweetener that is a ' fructose - anzac biscuits ' and a ' raw recipe ' .	sarah wilson 's sugar - free recipe substitutes include golden syrup and rice .
the cardboard signs have appeared all over a village in milford , milford , near godalming , near the surrey village of milford , surrey .	the signs have sparked speculation as to the identity of author and the reason .
prime minister pledged to create a separate rate of income tax for england .	mr cameron said in the interests of english mps must be given a veto on legislation that no longer applies in scotland .
adam sandler walked off the set of adam sandler 's ( seated above in wig ) .	it was so bad in fact that even the cultural adviser for the movie , which is filming in new mexico .
brock guzman of fairfield , california , the father of 8 - year - old brock guzman , took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported their son missing .	this after suzanne refused to let the officers into their home , something paul claims she was doing for their own safety .
ahmed gaddaf al - dam , a former minister and muammar gaddafi 's cousin , said the ' overwhelming chaos ' in libya'has become a shame .	but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government 's role in helping to overthrow the dictator .
juan carlos , 77 , was leading a double life and having an affair with a german aristocrat for the last ten years of his reign .	the bombshell allegation is that juan carlos was romancing corinna zu - wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife , sofia , according to final de partida or end game by ana romero , which sold out within 24 hours .
troubled star was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low - speed chase from bicton to mosman park .	the 29 - year - old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between march 11 and 17 , 2015 .
john hinckley jr .	has been introduced to a national association for the mentally ill meeting .	this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if he should be able to permanently released from the hospital .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push - ups on the runway .	footage shows the employee wearing his high - visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt .	even after his 12th push - up , the fitness - enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road and police and the ambulance service were rushing to attend the scene .	one onlooker , who witnessed the crash , said: ' the bloke looked absolutely distraught .	it was obviously his pride and joy .
bruce davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ' shorty ' shea and sentencedto life in prison in 1972 .	davis ' record shows there is ' some evidence ' he is dangerous and shouldn't be freed .
oskar groening , 93 , is being tried on 300 , 000 counts of accessory to murder .	around 425 , 000 jews from hungary were brought to the birkenau complex in nazi - occupied poland .
david billing , 48 , had to have part of his tongue amputated after being diagnosed with mouth cancer .	he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved .
poet rupert brooke has long had a reputation as a ' young apollo' , a symbol of innocent youth who was cut down in his prime during the senseless slaughter of the first world war .	the documents , brought to light for the first time thanks to a 430 , 000 grant , show brooke 's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously .
social media users pointed out that the large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone - strength gusts in front of the opera house .	the storm was actually a victim of a hurricane .
mark west , 32 , will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012 .	he had previously said the girl instigated the moment , seducing him by saying she was ' feeling horny' .	but despite the light punishment , the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment .
chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too .	tech - enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to abc news , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies .
german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $2 .	5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi - year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday .	deutsche bank secretly conspired with its competitors to rig the benchmark interest rates at the heart of the global financial system , ' said us assistant attorney general bill baer .
41 million tonnes of ' e - waste ' worth over 34billion were discarded globally in 2014 .	it is cheaper than recycling it properly in european union nations ' relic: the whole of the african continent produced only 1 .	9 metric tonnes of waste and yet ' millions of tonnes ' of broken products .
dj dave lee travis has claimed that his indecent assault trials ' financially ruined ' him , but he will still receive 4 , 000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court .	the 69 - year - oldwas convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the mrs merton show and was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years .
the actor shot to fame as a freckle - faced darling in classics such as the parent trap , freaky friday and now at the age of 18 in 2005 .	the 28 - year - old began to experience regular run - ins with the law .
the real - life tomb was discovered by police when they raided the hua pagoda .	they were able to hide their construction equipment from the rented property 's landlord for more than a month - as they were caught .
attorney - turned - cook and activist joan cheever has spent the past decade feeding the homeless from the back of her charity food truck .	cheever founded the chow train non - profit organization in 2005 , preparing hot meals in her licensed mobile kitchen and serving them at city parks out of her personal pickup , which she has been using as a delivery truck because it is more maneuverable .
brittney griner and brittney griner were arrested at their phoenix home on thursday .	the 24 - year - old was arrested after a fight at the phoenix home in phoenix , phoenix , and was released from jail but were later released .	the couple were arrested on wednesday and later released from prison on wednesday .
ruben blundell , 6 , was four days after his mother went into labour in the middle of the night .	he was just four days overdue when his mother finally went into the hospital .	he ran to get the phone and told her to play with his mum to breathe .
michelle carter , 18 , looked glum as she appeared in court in new bedford , massachusetts , on thursday .	during the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of bristol county , saying it 's ' impossible ' for carter to receive a fair trial in the area .
former secretary of state hillary clinton was the first to die in benghazi , libya , on tuesday .	the move will set up a high - profile showdown over clinton 's use of a private email account and server while she was a lawyer for the 2012 terror attacks on the benghazi terrorist attacks .	the benghazi attacks on americans in benghazi and the state department in the benghazi attack in benghazi .
girl 's water bottle was contaminated with hydrochloric acid at hounsdown school .	schoolgirl was sent to school medical room , assessed and given water to drink .	schoolgirl , who is in year 11 , raised the alarm after taking sip from her water .
the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door .	more than 200 people were found in the store in avlaston , derbyshire .	the store was officially opened at 8am this morning .
police found the missing portion of miss williams ' ear the following day .	the 33 - year - old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar where she was refused .	the victim has been jailed for 20 months .
aaron hernandez , 25 , will be moved to prison a week after he was convicted of first - degree murder .	he will be placed on a new prison in the state of the state department of shirley , california .	hernandez will be staying in the prison for two years .
doug hughes , 61 , is ' lucky to be alive ' and ' should have been blown out of the air , ' rep .	jason chaffetz , r - utah , chairman of the house oversight committee , told reporters just days after the incident that exposed a gap in the government 's efforts to ensure the security of the white house .
downey jr , 50 , stormed out of a tv interview when asked about his relationship with his father , downey jnr .	but he could be seen smiling and gesticulating as a production .
georgia state patrol said three people were injured and seven vehicles were damaged .	the tractor - trailer came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker .	three people also were killed and seven were injured .
brown 's parents , lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr .	, filed the complaint at the st .	louis county courthouse on thursday and called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events .	the family 's lawsuit is seeking $75 , 000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages .
nigerian christian prayed for his life in an innocent act that would end in the deaths of 12 migrants in the past week .	anunprecedented10 , 000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the last week .
jules bianchi , 25 , remains in a coma after a crash at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 .	the 25 - year - old is still in a critical condition after his death in japan .	his family have spoken of his son 's condition .
steve cotterill has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return .	the eight - second pause was revealing in its length as a delicate topic reared its head .	bristol city have already won silverware this season .
harry kane has pocketed 3 .	4m in wages after 58 minutes at aston villa on november 2 .	he has scored just twice - in the 4 - 1 win over qpr in the premier league .	lewis hamilton has pocketed tax and lifestyle purposes .
juventus beat juventus 2 - 1 in the first leg of the quarter - final .	carlos tevez scored a penalty for the first time in the champions league .	arturo carvalho doubled the lead in the last - 16 minutes of the match .
jose mourinho 's insistence on promoting young players at the club .	the eldest of the three children , including leighton baines , kieran gibbs and luke shaw .	jose mourinho made the surprise announcement that he will become a first - team regular .
turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful .	it will mark the television acting debut of schofield , who is a performer , speaker and author known for his one - person shows that address transgender issues .
same scoreline on easter monday , aitor karanka 's kept their automatic promotion hopes alive with their 14th home win of the season thanks to second - half goals by lee tomlin and patrick bamford , who also missed a late penalty .	but with the top three sides all winning , boro stayed fourth in the sky bet championship table .
former real madrid star roberto carlos has won the champions league trophy in 2004 .	the real madrid striker has played for ac milan in 2006 .	carlos figo , luis suarez , iker casillas and iker casillas have won the game .
fulham will sound out brentford 's 1 - 1 draw with brentford .	mark warburton is looking at brentford manager mark warburton .	fulham will be leaving the premier league with a huge fine .
douglas bader 's storyis to be told in a hollywood film being dubbed the first great escape .	bader who lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg .	it was a plot hatched by scottish lieutenant jock hamilton - baillie , 23 , and involved build folding ladders to escape over the wire .
leonie hassan , 28 , jailed for 16 years at the old bailey after being found guilty of manslaughter over the death of mehmet hassan .	she was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 16 years behind bars for the murder .
manchester city beat sunderland 4 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	manchester city host sunderland at the etihad stadium on sunday .	aston villa beat sunderland 2 - 0 at old trafford .
the 24 - year - old belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions for his club this season .	he was rewarded for his sterling performances with the top individual award of the night at the grosvenor hotel in london .	victory in their next two games - at home to crystal palace .
barcelona beat valencia 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday .	lionel messi scored 12 goals in his first - half goals in a 2 - 1 win over valencia .	messi scored the only goal in the first half of the game .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live - in carer .	he is one of britain 's oldest surviving prisoners in his own home .	he has used 50 , 000 of his life savings to help mr clark in his home .
portsmouth have won 3 - 1 defeat to portsmouth in saturday 's 3 - 2 defeat to morecambe .	the 3 - 0 defeat to stevenage in the premier league on saturday 's roko .
a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now worth a staggering us$1 billion a year .	this despite the fact 10 , 000 organs are transplanted in china every year .	human rights lawyer david matas is accused of killing prisoners of conscience .
harry redknapp 's side beat west bromwich albion 2 - 1 at stamford bridge .	west brom have beaten west brom in the champions league semi - finals .	wilfried bony , callum djuricic and sergio aguero all scored for west brom .	cuadrado was expected to take on the premier league .
chelsea face arsenal at the top of the premier league on sunday .	jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining .	chelsea are nine points .
louis van gaal was short of bodies in the bright red shirt of manchester united .	the colombian forward confronts blues captain john terry after the pair got tangled on the ground .	the united forward was schooled here , denied space and room to breathe by the constant , intimidating presence of chelseas captain john terry .
clearings has been primed for redevelopment , with planning permission for 62 luxury flats , seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate marlborough primary school as part of the project .	in five years , when the operation to build the properties is concluded and they have been sold to high - end buyers , ashley will add something in the region of another 1bn to his net worth .
liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday in the fa cup quarter - final at the etihad stadium on wednesday night .	simon mignolet scored the only goal for the first time in the first half of the season .	liverpool will take a place in a semi - final match at liverpool .
atletico madrid and real madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the vicente calderon on tuesday night .	real madrid must be careful with a talent like raphael varane something has to give at real madrid .	carlo ancelotti 's favoured centre - back partnership is sergio ramos and pepe , but in raphael varane .
carter and jack hanson met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston , where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before , cbsreported .	it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email .
luka modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .	the croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against malaga on saturday .	the news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of gareth bale 's calf injury .
cesc fabregas returned to emirates stadium for the first time since leaving for barcelona in 2011 .	the chelsea manager and his assistant steve holland had been complaining about the charge from goal by goalkeeper david ospina which flattened oscar in the first half , but which was not adjudged to be a foul .
jose mourinho says john terry is the best defender to play in the premier league .	the 34 - year - old was at the heart of the chelsea defensive display at the emirates on sunday 's 0 - 0 draw .
manuel pellegrini 's side face aston villa in the premier league on the day .	rafa benitez 's side lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace at selhurst park .	manuel pellegrini says he has never had a hatful .
dougie freedman is set to sign a new two - year contract at nottingham forest .	dougie freedman has stabilised forest since he replaced stuart pearce .	freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new deal to remain in nottingham .
u.s. state department says it is ' aggressive ' to enforce an exclusion zone .	u . n . foreign ministry says it has ' indisputable rights ' to the south china sea .
china 's ' indisputable rights ' to the spratly islands in the south china sea .	the us navy initially claimed china was ' using its sheer size and muscle to force countries ' into the region .
frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas , led police on a high - speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle .	he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police .	he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police .
an estimated 1 , 000 allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion of the gallipoli peninsula in turkey .	historian stephen chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs , including poignant images of soldiers from their preparation for the first .
eight staff wrote the op - ed forusa todayafter 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians .	the bmj medical journal said ' that less than half of the recommendations on his show are based on at least somewhat believable evidence' .
linda thompson , a former beauty queen , was married to the olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986 .	the former star athlete met linda thompson as his first two ex - girlfriend of elvis presley , who tied the knot in 1981 .
microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting , and are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29 , 000 people every year in britain .	the microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels .
st bernard dogs banned by swiss town of zermatt according to swiss animal protection agency .	organisation has carried out investigations into the conditions the dogs were being kept since 2012 and published a report earlier this year .
julie schenecker , 54 , was convicted of murder in the death of her son beau , 13 , and her daughter calyx , 16 , in their home in january 2011 .	she has claimed she had been unable to contact her daughter and her husband , a former military linguist , who shook her head .	schenecker was sentenced to two counts of first - degree murders in the murders of the children and her mother .
jordan jordan , 16 , was jailed for eight months for the first time since jordan was a ' cheeky chappy ' and ' lots of him ' .	the 16 - year - old mother - of - 16 , from gorton , manchester , said he was ' cheeky [UNK] ' and he was killed because of the [UNK] .
the top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from scandinavia .	the world 's most happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with syria , burundi and togo .
the labour leader is now the bookies ' favourite to be the next prime minister , a number of business leaders say .	mr cameron 's advisers have the same fear and have called on campaigners to focus on personal attacks .
fossicker ashley manzie was combing the park with his metal detector whenhe discovered a medal belonging to frederick george biddulph , who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 .	mr manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum .
alexis douglas was playing at her sister 's home in melbourne earlier this year .	the five - year - old needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years .	the dog 's owner escaped without a conviction for not charge in the court .
rts , s is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials .	tests were carried out on 15 , 500 toddlers and children in sub - saharan africa .	the vaccine could make a substantial contribution to controlling the disease .
pledge is contained in a home - school agreement which all children must sign before they start at turnham primary school in september .	the contract was sent to parents last week along with the letters offering a place at the south - east school .
the horse , charly , was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred .	it was broad daylight , but police are still trying to find the person responsible .
damon clay , 17 , was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping .	he is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition relatives of the scalded victim said the two men accused him of stealing a playstation 3 .
anthony trollope , a famous novelist , introduced post boxes to the uk in 1852 after seeing them in france royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope .	the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life , including the first post box design .
three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans , about 10 miles south of the state capital albany .	they were all shot dead by a farm in bethlehem , new york .
nicola sturgeon said she would help make ed miliband prime minister even if labour finish 40 seats behind the tories .	labour leader ed miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the snp .
molly molly , 24 , was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant in manchester , new hampshire , with a needle still in her arm .	her father , tom parks , said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin .
michael hanline , 69 , was wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years .	he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl 's jr asking for a 36 - year - old .
it is the most beautiful convertible ever made , but it is expected to sell for 10million at auction .	it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring matthew broderick .	the car is a 3 - litre v12 engine which is almost identical to 280bhp .
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor , who claims to be fighting with islamic state in syria , posted a video on anzac day 's centenary .	police in australia and new zealand have put extra security measures in place .
beth o'rourke , 44 , of paxton , massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer and passed away april 16 , the mother of courtney , 11 , and seamus , 8 , lost that fight .	but as she stated in her obituary; ' i was a survivor .
sarah grimes , a university of tuscaloosa , alabama , has dropped her lawsuit against her ex - coach nick saban in tuscaloosa , tuscaloosa , tuscaloosa , in 2012 .	the two sorority sisters were hanging out in saban 's apartment after a night of drinking at kristen saban 's alabama in 2009 .
mike steward has outlined an approach to gambling parlance as the martingale betting strategy .	the staking plan is outlined in the table below , but seems simple enough to follow for even a first - time two up player .
staff at the farm park have to feed baby mice to the little owlets within 12 hours of hatching .	after three days their feeds reduce to three times a day , they can be fatal .
apple watch is officially going on sale , none of its stores will have them in stock .	consumers willing to shell out between 299 to 13 , 500 - for the gold edition - have to pre - order until june .
rhiannon langley , 24 , has been updating her post - op ' chilling out ' by the pool .	she has been enjoying her surgery and has been sick of her nose job .	rhiannon has been posting her progress on social media .	she said she was ' sick of my [UNK] .
former vice president al gore , star of the 2006 global warming documentary an inconvenient truth , followed the president 's gas - guzzling , 1 , 836 mile trip on wednesday , earth day , to the florida everglades aboard air force one .	the white house doubled down today on president barack obama 's earth day message that climate change is ' a problem for another generation .
mick schumacher is set to make his debut in the sport this weekend .	he is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in switzerland .	he will have a record 91 - year - old father - who is recovering from the accident .
chinese scientists have reported 23 per cent reduction in myopia short - sightedness in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine .	two in five are short - sighted , transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils exposure to daylight .
the women of japan swear by the ' beauty from within ' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally to encourage clear , unblemished skin .	mahonia , which is also known as oregon mountain grape , is a berry native to the rocky mountains that 's been used by tribes for medicinal , food .
ohio woman found out that her unborn daughter found out that her daughter wouldn't survive outside the womb .	she and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks .	she and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks .
the department of immigration has been recognised as one of the most australians want to work for the airline .	virgin australia has been named in the top ten in the survey of the top 10 .
alison , 43 , from bay , has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times .	she says she would do ' anything ' to fix the look of her breasts .
the two men were sentenced to a 12 - month attack on a tree in north yorkshire .	the pair were cleared by shaun collins , 25 , in the face of dragging the man onto the forehead .	the man , who was left with the imprint of collins , was caught on cctv .
ben gurion airport in israel , bound for luton , sarina aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents lap .	ariella and mark aziz became agitated on a flight from israel to luton that led to her being ejected from the plane mark aziz , pictured right , spoke with airline staff outside the aircraft before his family was removed .
richard wilkins has retraced the steps of the man he affectionately called " papa " in gallipoli images from the nz war memorial of kiwi diggers in gallipoli .	wilkins , 60 , made the pilgrimage to gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations .	he tells how having read excerpts from his " papa 's " war diary , lit ' a flame of interest ' to learn more of the world war one veteran .
rachael bishop , 44 , punched an armed robber as he tried to steal $280 from the cash register .	bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money .	the 19 - year - old man punched him in the head multiple times .
reed reed , 27 , said turner was being ' objectified ' in a way that would not be tolerated if he was female .	reed said he was ' completely baffled ' by the amount of interest in turner 's physique .
youngstown state university student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters , which were hung on around campus earlier this week .	the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students .	the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students .
the 44 - year - old suffered two three - inch gashes to the middle of her forehead .	police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak to the scene .
mickey - taking video has already been watching more than 3 .	7million times on facebook in just a day .	one user commented: ' now this one is funny ' .	company behind the snack said: ' were overjoyed that people have found a safer way to ace the kylie jenner challenge with pringles tortilla lips .
ukip leader nigel farage says he is ' racist ' by white people .	he says it is the ' self - loathing ' of the party 's rock stars .	he said the party is only seen as racist and racist .
the 34 - year - old will be watching as a family tonight in new york city , new york and new york .	bruce , 34 , will be ' watching all together with the family tonight ' on the special twice .
gray was taken into custody and suffered a spinal injury that led to his death .	six officers have been suspended as police and federal authorities investigate .	gray died after he was arrested for urinating in public .
the claim made by his embalmers , who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary 's body .	the russian leader 's remains were embalmed on stalin 's orders .
the posters were created by artist frank mckeever , 28 , from st augustine in florida and his colleague miranda .	others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth .
the number of u.s. drivers aged 16 to 40 per cent in the past decade .	fatal crashes decreased from 5 , 724 to 2 , 568 , [UNK] , per cent .
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents bob , 90 , and elsie , 83 , and then driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them .	but the grey car he is accused of losing a nissan micra ( similar to the one shown here ) at the centre of a double murder .
the fort was found on top of the dunnicaer sea stack close to the fort on the coast of scotland .	the fort had been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country .	it could have been one of a number that lined the east coast of the coast .
soil underneath a slide at the park in the toshima ward in the north - east of the japanese capital .	this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of radiation for a person .
the company is recalling its ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets , sorbets , and ice cream sandwiches and closing retail stores until its products are ' ensured to be 100 per cent safe' .
the 48 - year - old is likely to be released in the summer after 13 years in captivity without charge or trial .	it came as the man appointed by president barack obama to speed up the closure of the notorious prison camp .
christopher wheeler , 54 , was sentenced to 50 years in prison .	he was jailed for 2 , 000 indecent images of children engaging in sex acts .	wheeler was arrested after police searched his school - owned mansion in 1919 .
michigan said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance because of her leukemia dismissed: john fleckenstein , with battle creek area catholic schools , claims that the school made many accommodations for rose and that none of them seemed to help her enough rose 's mother .	rose has been attending the battle creek catholic schools her whole entire life and when she was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia .
charlene wall jeffs , 58 , had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years .	she claims the church has ' becomeeven more disturbing than it was under warren' .
jessa , jessa , jessa , 22 , and jessa , 19 , and her 19 - year - old husband ben also announced thethe news of their pregnancy ina video fortlc .	com , which are well - known for their health - conscious lifestyle .	jessa duggar and her siblings also announced their pregnancy .
the 65 - year - old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis .	he stopped out of ' fear ' of publicity and shame and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't .
gregory , of bedford , has been fined 795 for having a ' blue badge ' .	he was fined 795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work .	gregory , 51 , pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge .
birmingham city could be rebranded as ' shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. .	it will be called ' birmingham london ' to make the hub just 38 minutes from the airport .
billed as ' perfect for every blushing bride' , the underwear and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude , and is not without a raunchy streak .	emma models the collection - priced between 14 and 85 - which includes a curve - outs .
steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences amidst the floods .	the animals owner , sonia sharrock , praised her absolutely amazing brother - in - law , for his incredible feat , saying i dont know what i would have done without him and my sister .
the suspects , all of somali descent , were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of his suspects .	the suspects ' families screamed from the public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole .
photographer martin beckhas snappedcaptain america , iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime and portrays how they are instead focusing on the struggles of getting through the week .	the dubai - based artist of scottish and south african heritage has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour .
a 23 - year - old man was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date .	he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash .
18 - year - old has hit back at people who have said she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .	sofia posted an image to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her body .
bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick this week due to the rest of the country .	the decision not to grant the holiday has been condemned by some groups .
a house in narrabeen has been brought in to dampen the house 's weight .	authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties across the state .	a group of highly trained firefighters , police and engineers undertook the difficult .
more than 1 , 750 people have been killed this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014 .	more than 2 , 000 people have died in the 1930s .
the duchess of cambridge played volleyball three months after giving birth to prince george in july 2013 .	experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method and camilla lawrence , womens health physiotherapist at six physio .
the unnamed 20 - year - old woman was driving on the i - 25 in weld county , north of denver , when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck .	miraculously , the bullet did not damage the woman 's airway or sever any major blood vessels .
collector alan mayshas unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice - breakers .	the collection was handed out by men to women in the 19th century .	a collection of cards were handed out to women they found .
north korea may have as many as 100 warheads within five years .	north korea has the ability to miniaturise a warhead and mount it on a ballistic missile .	the country could have as much as 20 nuclear warheads .
the intruders broke into a home in the home in hatfield peverel , essex .	the victim , who asked not to be named , said: ' i have felt uneasy thinking about it' .
sea bright fire chief joe eskridge wore a camera on his now - charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday .	footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke - mansion .
three police officers were accused of stealing cash worth 30 , 000 from the home of a suspected criminal sorry .	three officers are all accused of ' theft ' by a serving police officer .
louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the international school in the capital sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close .	she is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children , miriam , 11 , amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them .
angelina jolie , 39 , is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent , and failing , initially , to pay her compensation .	miss bekele believes the film , which has won awards around the world , could put her and her family in danger of reprisals .
linda shute , from new addington , south london , has been banned from the long - term health of pupils atrowdown primary school in new school .	the rule is too strict , claiming the water - only policy is ' a ' joke' ' .	some parents believe the policy has been enforced to ' protect the [UNK] .
usain bolt said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables .	the 28 - year - old sprinter said he needs to be ' perfect in training ' .	he said he should have been notorious for his unhealthy diet .
a supervolcano in yellowstone national park is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world .	researchers found a magma chamber , known as the upper - crustal magma chamber .
kate dearaugo , 29 , weighed 127 .	5 kilos of 127 kilos surgery in may 2012 .	at her heaviest , the now 29 - year - old weighed 68 .	5 kgs .
residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council .	developer has committed a ' breach of planning control ' and ordered the building to be bulldozed .
dr warren weinstein , who was killed in a u.s. , was killed by giovanni lo porto in an anti - terrorist strike on the afghanistan - pakistan border intended to kill members of the group .	the 73 - year - old was killed during an drone strike in lahore , maryland , and a fellow aid worker .	he has now been said to have demanded the release of prominent afghan prisoners .
researchers have warned that cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes .	researchers say cigars could be more effective than cigar consumption .	cigar consumption is linked to fatal oral , oesophageal and lung cancer .
kyle toth , who runs his own tree , built the seesaw at his workshop in temecula , california .	it has been added to support and ropes help people get on both sides and the seesaw .
david marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder of eni mevish , a 20 - year - old student at staffordshire university .	the 68 - year - old stabbed her in the heart , lungs and liver six months after they met because he was ' jealous ' of her other friendships , stafford crown court heard .
family 's semi - detached house in suburban west london is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges .	his thousands of high - frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london , giving him a massive commercial advantage .
bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face not realizing it was actually a metal fence wire .	dr timothy haffey said that it miraculously dodged all of parker 's important nerves and arteries .
the 34 - year - old victoria 's secret angel shows off her latino style and golden tan .	the mother - of - two , who is no .	8 on the forbes list of top - earning models , will showcase the new collection .
kim and her husband kanye west made a high - profile tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots .	paris is top of her travel - list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband .
dr devlin , del boy 's gift of the gab came from a difference in the way his brain worked compared to the less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech .	this suggests that this group was putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech , allowing them to devote more resources to the brain .
apple watch is officially going on sale , none of its stores will have them in stock .	consumers willing to shell out between 299 to 13 , 500 - for the gold edition - have to pre - order until june .
former executive producer andy wilman launched a scathing attack on ' meddling bbc executives ' in a top gear magazine editorial , published today .	yesterday , mr wilman , who is a childhood friend of clarkson , sensationally quit the corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster .
samantha crossland , 30 , admitted stealing from her employer and friend .	she had been promoted to manager at the nursery in west yorkshire .	she later pleaded guilty to one count of theft after the money was stolen .
thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms at the five - star atlantis , the palm resort in dubai .	with enough room for five guests , the underwater suites poseidon and neptune boast floor - to - ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium , which holds 65 , 000 marine animals , from the master bedrooms and bathrooms creating the illusion of being under the sea .
60 per cent of the prawns were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria .	the majority of the shrimp sold in the uk also come from places such as thailand and indonesia .	the vast majority of prawns are found to have traces of a bacteria on supermarket shelves .
four members of the royals and white sox were suspended for two games .	the royals have been suspended for five games each year .	royals have not said whether they will go on the game .	royals and jeff samardzija were suspended indefinitely .
the plane dropped nearly 30 , 000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york .	the plane landed ' out of an abundance of light - [UNK] .
imran uddin , a 25 - year - old , was jailed for four months after hacking into the university computer system .	he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to the computers .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and valerie clitheroe , 45 , from stockport , were arrested .	they were taken to a police station and had been told they would not be detained .	clitheroe 's wife valerie had written to british prime minister to ask him to intervene in the case .
brian "'she , 18 months , was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and drive it closer to the side of the car .	the 18 - month - old son jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck , he said .
twitter users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day .	the move is the latest by twitter to boost engagement for its users .	twitter users who opt into the service on their account .
rump , fillet and t - bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out .	the majority of us ( 55 per cent ) rely on burgers or steak on the grill .
kai , kai , kai , seven , and kai , is being remembered as a hero after he saved their children from a puddle in the aftermath of the new south wales storms .
state broadcasterrtve has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in pamplona .	the bull running takes part during the annual san fermin fiesta , and the mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of big brother .
researchers have tested their drone running companion .	they claim robotic companions could be used for a variety of other physical activities such as cycling , cross - country skiing and rowing .	the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner .
thomas hoey jr .	, 43 , was sentenced wednesday by u.s. district judge kevin castel in manhattan federal court , showed ' callousness and indifference ' during the party in january 2009 at midtown hotel the kitano and even more when the victim , kimberly calo , 41 , died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol .	castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was ' integral to the lifestyle of cocaine , sex and parties ' of hoey .
morgan geyser , 12 , and anissa weier , 13 , are being tried as adults for attempted first - degree intentional homicide in the attack on payton leutner .	geyser 's attorney , anthony cotton , applied to have her $500 , 000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other violence .
protesters converged on city hall again thursday: he was not only handcuffed and put in leg irons , but left without a seat belt during his trip to the station , a police union 's lawyer said .	unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called ' paddy wagons ' .	gray was not belted in , said attorney michael davey , who represents at least one of the officers under investigation .
gary goldsmith , carole middleton , posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua , cheech , on social media .	his accompanying message included the words: evil s*** coming to get ya .	the flamboyant millionaire businessman , who was once caught up in a tabloid sting in which he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs .
robert bates , 73 , has been charged with second - degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2 .	he is pictured leaving his arraignment in in tulsa , oklahoma , on tuesday according to tulsa world , district attorney steve kunzweiler .
the n - 222 ratio is the best in the world for the wine region below .	the ratio has been designed to end the world 's best road in the uk .	the road has been awarded the road to pinhao in portugal .
veronica bolina , 25 , was arrested over an alleged attack on her 73 - year - old neighbour .	the ngo has sparked outrage across brazil after being taken into custody in brazil .
the 22 - year - old was arrested in a cafe in lincolnshire in november .	he was jailed for eight months but has been released after spending less than five months behind bars .
george , a fox 13 salt lake city , jumped in a pool by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the shoreline .	the dog was willing to stay with the dog out of a tar pit .
saeed kodaimati faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters in us district court of the southern district of california .	saeed , who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 .	saeed falsely claimed he had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any islamic state members .
nicholas salvador , 25 , is accused of killing palmira silva , 82 , in her garden .	he was found dead in a garden in edmonton , london , london , in london .
mary todd lowrance , 49 , a teacher at moises e molina high school , turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning .	miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months .	officers learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a dallas isd officer .
the statue of liberty was evacuated friday after a 911 caller said he was ' going to blow up ' the landmark .	some 2 , 700 tourists were rushed off the island of liberty island .
images show the ritual of the ritual in the village of the area .	the ritual is done to protect the village from natural calamities and disease .	the fire test has been lasts for 11 days and is eligible to proceed .
the war widows are visiting the battlefields in gallipoli - - many of them for the first time .	among them is jean pockett , who experienced a deeper understanding of the first world war .
monopoly - makers planning a special exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low - rent enough to fill the space of old kent road .	thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in devon to fill the space of old kent road .
nicole kidman , naomi watts , geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have all made significant contributions to australia through film and television that will no doubt last a lifetime .	the service records belonging to two of edgerton 's great grand - uncles show they were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago .
33 - pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she 's comparatively as obese as a 700 - pound human , say rescue workers .	the 33 - pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she 's equally as fat as a 700 - pound human , say rescue workers ' whatever position shes in , shes stuck .
sulva bay , turkey , where in the world war i there were nearly 400 , 00 allied casualties in the early hours of today , 25 april 2015 .	thousands of visitors from the uk have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the cemeteries .
barry lyttle , 33 , has been given a 13 - month suspended jail sentence .	he was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma for the one - punch attack .	the brothers had been accompanied by his brother , who was crying .
mary cartwright , 91 , was 20 when she was called up to work in the underground factory .	she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines .	it was one of 26 ' shadow ' factories established to allow production lines to produce aircraft .
abu hafs al - shami is claimed to be the cousin of abu bakr al - bagdadhi , the extremist group 's self - styled caliph .	abu qaqa al - badri and abu yaqoub al - baghdadi both blew himself up in iraq .
ariana mason , 21 , claims she was ' attacked ' at a las vegas nightclub .	she claims she had 26 stitches to her face after it was rammed into a glass table .
kevin bowes , 53 , lost several teeth , had four ' avoidable ' root canal treatments andfive ' avoidable ' crowns fitted at the hands of dr nicholas crees at his practice in guisborough , north yorkshire .	the semi - retired teacher at a specialist children 's unit said his life had been changed forever , revealing he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay .
surveillance video shows asound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers into its path .	the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way .
hannah james , 26 , was found face down and unresponsive the morning .	she was found lying in the family home in neyland , west wales , this week .	coroner said it is not wrong to share a supply of oxygenated .
khalid rashad , 61 , is accused of possessing an murder of a 61 - year - old .	the murder of syrian - born has been remanded in custody .	the death of abdul hadi arwani has been charged with a murder .
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during a sold - out showing of american pie at the westfield high school .	one person was singing in front of the stage when it collapsed behind her .
the trust asks for a ' donation ' of 1 , 500 to hand out free food in the name .	the money is needed to pay for the press groups and community groups .	the number of food parcels handed out so did not account for the trusts .
the 30 - year - old installed a tracker app on hersmartphone and brutally attacked her .	she forced her to hand over the passwords of her e - mail and social media accounts .	he beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes .
giles moser , twenty - year - old sharista giles , tennessee , went into a coma after a car accident .	she was five months pregnant when she fell into the hospital .	her mother , anna moser , said she had a two - per - cent chance of recovery .	she believes her daughter hears her daughter would wake up .
the secluded settlements are hidden away from the rest of the world .	the phugtal monastery is one of the most isolated monasteries in the south - eastern village of phuktal monastery , india .
charlie stayt scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire .	he missed out the letter ' c ' when he was scrawled on a school in trenton .
volcano calbuco , which has laid dormant for more than 40 years , suddenly erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to fleethe ' apocalypse - like ' event .	the eruption , near the southern port city of puerto rico , and the deadly ash could be grounded for safety .
kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says she can't get a job because of her six facial tattoos i cant afford to have it done but im absolutely desperate to get rid of them , ' says miss bennett , who resigned from her last role because she felt ' left out ' by colleagues , and is now hoping someone will step forward and offer to pay for her .
washington couple 's three - year - old son 's baby , 3 , was able to hack the baby monitor after the device was hacked .	the stranger had been able to talking to him at night when they heard a strange man 's baby .
the queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged , leading the premier , annastacia palaszczuk to call for his resignation .	after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party but refused to resign from parliament .	until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham has been in hiding .
dr giorgi - guarnieri testified on friday during court hearings in washington , d .	c . that that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions john hinckley jr .	will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital .	hinckley 's lawyers said mental illness drove the then 25 - year - old hinckley to shoot the president in 1981 .
german language teacher was suspended from auguste remoir college in limoges , west - central france .	she has been suspended from the auguste ii in poland , france , in 1932 and france .
the coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 near dartford in kent this morning with only the driver on board .	the fire completely destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach .
tiger temple home to 147 tigers in western thailand 's tiger temple in thailand 's western kanchanaburi province - commonly known as ' the tiger temple ' .	thai wildlife officials have said they have been threatening to visit the tigers .
' it is made with the feathers from under the wings of 80 kingfishers , according to thepeople 's daily online .	miss liu said she is often envied by fellow artists at the backstage .
the 3ft - long gown came from one of the luftwaffe chief 's maids and fell into the hands of a collector .	edda was deputy to hitler and the regime 's greatest art thief .
brooke shedd , 26 , and jane shalakhova , 25 , have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34 - year - old from east london .	women say they do not ' share ' adam and are in a ' unique ' relationship .
michael gridley , 26 , jailed for a year after orchestrating a scam to steal 15 , 000 of goods from the store in basildon , essex , where he was sacked .	he was sentenced to 12 months for his leading role in a conspiracy to steal a total of 18 months .
linda hunter , who lives on garrick street , says she is stuck in a ' ghetto ' .	the couple were told they would struggle to sell their home for much more than 1 as other houses in the street .
reverend creflo dollar , 53 , launched an appeal for for200 , 000 people to each donate ' $300 or more ' so that he could purchase agulfstream g650 to replace his current plane .
17 - year - old driver was travelling with four other passengers along anderson road in glenning valley on the central coast of nsw .	the group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin , crashed head - on into a solid brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall .	the 17 - year - old driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs , forehead and abdomen .
the owners of an oregon goldmine have called in gun - toting right - wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the u.s. government .	tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford afterthe facility was served with a federal stop - work order .	armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the bureau of land management .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been seen on shopping trips this week .	click here for the latest royal baby to the uk and the uk .	kate , 33 , and kate , joined her husband in london , and her husband , from her home in kensington palace .
lawyers for brett peter cowan will file an application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal , citing a potential bias in the case .	cowan received a life sentence for murdering , indecently dealing and dumping the sunshine coast teenager 's body in 2003 .
' it was really unfair , and it 's kind of felt racist , ' the teen says .	the 18 - year - old wore a ' vest ' and ' it 's just unfair , ' he said .	ahmad 's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the prom .
edits can be made in more than 200 countries and are designed to show businesses , addresses , roads , railways , and paths as well as natural or political features .	the image is believed to have been added using google 's map maker , but this is not an official google maps .
the live video is available for up to $130 , 000 on thursday night .	the app is available to watch the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .	the video is expected to replay for free via a live video streaming app .
the department of veteran affairs condemn the crude ' commemorative issue' .	after coming under scrutiny , zoo weekly removed all ' offending ' images of a half - naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from facebook .	zoo weekly 's ' special anzac centenary issue' - without express permission from the minister for veterans ' affairs .
angelina jolie pleaded with world powers on friday to help the millions of syrian refugees , sharply criticizing the u .	n . ambassador bashar ja'afari responded: ' she is beautiful ' .	nearly four million syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries , which warn they are dangerously overstretched .
remmie remmie , 18 , was left with a hazelnut sized lump on the top of her ear .	the 18 - year - old was forced to seek the help of a cosmetic surgeon .
the two - bedroom apartment is in a 1920 's building on spaulding avenue l .	a fairfax district .	cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment in l .	's fairfax district during the height of the bathtub .
u.s. attorney general: ' i am proud of you .	i am going to miss you , ' holder told the standing - room - only crowd , many of whom embraced him after he concluded his speech .
the 58 - year - old claims to have spotted what he believes to be a ' bunker ' on the red planet .	he claims that the ' coffin is a corridor leading to a red [UNK] , ' gignac says .
shabana bibi died in hospital after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body .	the 25 - year - old had been married to siddique for three years .	police have arrested her husband and father - in - law .
carol cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in louisiana in 1980 .	for 34 years , carol 's family searched in vain for the troubled teen .	at the same time , detectives from bossier parish never stopped trying to identity the body .
eu leaders have agreed a package of measures to tackle the growing migrant crisis in the mediterranean with the eu 's belated commitment to the cause .	prime minister david cameron , who is two weeks from a national election in which immigration is a major issue .
alyssa marie chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ' compromising sexual positions ' .	she told the rival and take her son ronnie and come with her , according to the seattle post - intelligencer .
three - year - old girl was killed by her family 's pet dog at their home in neyland , pembrokeshire .	she was taken to a nearby vet and her family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed .
austin essig , 19 , jumped out of the third - story window in colorado .	he took to the fort collins police department 's facebook page on wednesday .	the 19 - year - old was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a teenager .
vivienne garton , 65 , was devastated her 10 - year - old west highland terrier ben was snatched from her garden in knowle west , bristol , earlier this month .	she began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home , but shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid 500 .
tipper lewis , rosie huntington - whiteley , grew up on a ' healthy diet ' at the age of 18 .	tipper starts the day with a ' superfood ' and ' [UNK] - [UNK] .
ciudad real 's airport was built in 2009 at a cost of 1 .	1billion . the airport was supposed to cater for the economy to serve both city and east via a high speed rail link .
last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an arctic island for around 5 , 000 years .	researchers studied the structure of dna from mammoths preserved in the arctic to reproduce exact copies of 14 .
connor sullivan , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours .	the junior returned home on his own thursday night , police who had been searching for him learned that the teenager had never left the bay area town and was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus .
google paid to $1 .	25 million salary , a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million .	google 's stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the company 's big spending on far - flung projects .
sanjay paton , 43 , falsely claimed he was suffering from post - traumatic stress , punched the air with delight as he was given a six - month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury .	mr paton said he was relieved the case was racially motivated .
the plunge means britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow , stockholm and finland in a matter of days .	it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in sunday 's london marathon .
nicky buckley says her ' front end looks like the hindenburgand your rear end ' by her appearance on the sale of the century after falling pregnant in the nine - month pregnancy in 1997 .	she says she refused to bend to critics and said she wouldn't be seen publicly with a bump .
lania lania was accepted to a highly - selective art program atthe syracuse , kentucky , on new year 's day .	she was standing in front of her high school with a ' self - acceptance ' .	she has now been accepted to the arts however .
comcast ceo brian roberts says ' we move on ' to buy time warner cable for $45 .	2billion in the us and the fourth - largest cable and internet provider in the country .
seven - row dairy milk spectacular will contain one row each of: dairy milk caramel , dairy milk fruit & nut , dairy milk oreo , dairy milk daim , and dairy milk daim , and dairy milk daim , and dairy milk turkish .
ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner .	the jury at teesside crown court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts .
bradley parkes , a mother of the 16 - year - old girl , was taken to birmingham children 's hospital in a coma .	his mother - of - five said he had been tormented for months by a gang .
vonda thedford , 55 , told fox news that she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month .	when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ' little toes ' and ' hair on its tail' .
deni kirkova travelled to london to find out what it takes to get a free coffee on the house to people they like or .	deni kirkova paid a visit to six different pret a manger shops in london .
sweeten , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting a family member 's home in texas on thursday morning .	he was found with a gunshot wound to his head when he was just a 16 - month - old .
charles severance , 54 , were charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in alexandria , virginia , was in court for a hearing on thursday .	all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks: dunning in 2003 , kirby in 2013 and lodato last year .
deshawn isabelle , 15 , has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train after his mother recognized his face on surveillance images and turned him in to police .	isabelle also stole $2 , 000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in thailand .
former utah high school teacher accused of having sex with davis high school english teacher brianne altice , 35 .	one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with davis high school english teacher brianne altice , 35 .	one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with davis high school english teacher brianne altice , 35 .	one testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst .
the majority of the worlds volcanoes are found deep underwater and now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes .	scientists found that underwater volcanoes , which were long assumed to ooze lava at relatively steady rates , in fact erupt in pulses .
tibetan mastiffs are now being used in tibet to herd other animals .	the dogs ' skin can also be used for leather and water for three days .	it is also thought the dogs are being transported to a slaughterhouse .
human powered vehicle will attempt to beat the women 's arm - powered speed record in nevada later this year .	it will be piloted and powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21 .	39 miles per hour ( 34 .	39 miles per hour ( 34 .	39 miles per hour ( 34 .	42 km/h ) over 656ft ( 200 - metres ) to beat the record .
brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor , maine on thursday .	he went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had lost about $4 , 000 in the parking lot .	he was thanked for his honesty and having great integrity .
spit in christchurch , dorset , is the same price as a five - bed home in britain and more than 200 , 000 a year in - bed house in , dorset .	the beach hut on mudeford spit in britain has gone on the market for 230 , 000 - the .
a 22 - year - old glamour model who worked at london 's playboy club , was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home on the evening of 18 march 1975 .	six months later , lynne weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in hounslow at 11pm on september 3 .	she was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub - station the next morning and died a week later .
kim pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day at ceva logistics in wyandotte , michigan , on march 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors .
the shark was found 36 years ago in the pacific ocean off the coast of peru .	it 's believed the creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kind .
zheng jiaojiao , a five - year - old chinese girl , was left at home at home on sunday .	her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , was rushed to hospital after falling from a window .	her pelvis had broken bones and internal bleeding .
the taliban annual ' spring offensive ' began today in afghanistan with the taliban .	the taliban 's new offensive is set to the start of fresh violence in the troubled country .	taliban fighters want to turn afghanistan into an islamic emirate .
the one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at london 's soho hotel on wednesday night .	he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance .	now , a series of newly - released snapchat shots of the raucousgathering have emerged , appearing to show the 23 - year - old singer in his hotel room in the company of friends in the small hours of thursday morning .
sgt louise lucas , 41 , was ' off - duty ' with her daughter olivia , 21 .	her daughter escaped with minor injuries in the incident .	the 41 - year - old was led by four police officers and two police officers .	her husband , 21 , was killed by a ' mother [UNK] .
lucy , who is the face of sunkissed , has called on her younger sister lydia to join her in the new beauty campaign for the fake tan brand .	the 23 - year - old has stripped her make - up back .
kim woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the savoy grill a former masterchef semi - final .	the 34 - year - old has promised to continue the masculine culinary traditions of five - star grill escoffier .
andrew hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so - called first responder to all types of 999 call .	mr hichens , 28 , has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so - called first responder to all types of 999 call .
students from the university of florida and emory university have been accused of disrespecting the ex - servicemen during the warrior beach retreat in panama city on april 17 .	some of the students claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters , who were attending a formal , threw beer off the balcony .
samsung 's previous watches have all had rectangular faces , or in the case of the gear s , a curved design .	in its press release , samsung said: ' the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of samsung gear with a wrist watch .
the midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15 , 000 between 2013 and 2014 .	newcastle is officially the most pest - infested place in the country with 5 per cent of those living on tyneside reporting problems with rats , cockroaches , wasps and other creepy crawlies .
the women 's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the uk has both revealed strong evidence that hrt increases a woman 's risk of breast cancer compared to non - users .	the new findings come from experts who conducted one of the world 's largest studies into the effects of hrt .
the gold deposit is believed to be worth millions of gold of ' significant size ' for decades .	he has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry .	gold was discovered by aberdeen university .
christien christien , 20 , from houston , texas , had a tattoo of his son perseus etched on the left side of his head in july .	the 20 - year - old had a black and white image of his young son , perseus etched onto the left .
the tornado took place at about 2:45pm near belle glade in palm beach county , but did not cause any damage , the weather channelreported .	a car was seen destroyed and tree branches were knocked down in miami after a thursday storm let 's play ball!	new york yankees ' chase headley hits a two - run single .
robert o'neill , who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the al qaeda leader , will treat a ' machine gun fun ' .	the shooting will take place in jackson hole , wyoming , in wyoming .
labour leader has been accused of stooping to a ' shameful ' new low .	labour leader said the crisis was ' in a direct result ' of mr cameron 's foreign policy .	comes after pm held emergency talks with eu leaders in brussels .
george kirby , george kirby and doreen luckie , 91 , will marry in 1988 .	george kirby will marry for third time on june 13 on june 14 .	george , 63 , will get hitched to doreen in front of 60 guests .	doreen luckie will marry at the age of 102 years .
the 82 - year - old woman died in her south carolina home in greenville , south carolina , on january 2 .	she died from a blood clot in her kidneys and was found in the same chair in her bedroom in greenville .
police alleged the 31 - year - old mother from belmont , near newcastle in nsw , used a falsified doctor 's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page .	police inquiries into the matter are continuing and investigators are appealing for anyone with information to come forward .
the 1954 bentley r - type was the world 's fastest four - seat car - a record for the auction house .	it could be worth more than 1million - but still needs a full restoration .
christopher whitmore murdered his wife melissa ball at a gas station in georgia last night .	police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated - but at this stage it is unclear .
xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week .	now 34 , a very gaunt xie , who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world .
navinder singh sarao , of hounslow , west london , appeared at westminster magistrates ' court on tuesday .	he is accused of causing the 2010 wall street ' flash crash ' and making more than 26 million using a fraudulent trading technique .	he will remain in jail for a 380 - year prison sentence .
chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market .	the fast - casual chain will work with the postmates app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors .	chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers .
the etali safari lodge has been a regular visitor to etali in the madikwe game reserve .	the cheeky african elephant has been nicknamed ' the continent 's ' .	one of the animals is often ticked off the list and has no problem .
oskar groening was on trial for his alleged part in the killing of 300 , 000 jews .	she was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness .	josef mengele was once the subject of josef mengeles .
peter armitage , a mother - of - three , has been diagnosed two years ago after her allergic reaction from her death .	she has had to stop kissing her husband of four years after her skin erupted in agonising flare - up .
bahar mustafa , 27 , describes herself as a queer , anti - racist feminist killjoy .	miss mustafa appeared to ban men and white people from goldsmiths university .	non - binary poster also refers to ban on ' cis .
lib dem leader liam byrne says there was ' no money ' in the treasury .	he was chief secretary to the treasury under gordon brown .	he said he had been ' fixing the [UNK] .
benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist , cork circuit criminal court heard .	the 35 - year - old window cleaner , from bradford , was one of three men who were arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south - west coast of ireland in september .
jet set candy , tie the knot with a british royal and go from commoner to the british royal family .	prince harry is one of the eight ' future nicole ' listed on the perfectsouvenir .
record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli peninsula .	the gallipoli landing in turkey prepared to receive more than 10 , 000 people to its cbd .
churchill was able to promote his cook book ' dude food ' on good morning america .	the 25 - year - old is a guest star with the star in sydney 's gma .
nearly 1 .	6 million people in england and wales have a second property in a different area to where they live permanently .	it is one of the most popular places to own a holiday home .
the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear in a car park , a factory or even a field .	he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern .	but it has also been deployed when he is just a lectern .
lisa heath , a assistant at willowtown community , gwent , has been suspended .	the 45 - year - old has now been suspended from teaching a spokesman for the school told the sun that she was being suspended for possession .
the travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on social media .	biometric scanning and machine - readable passports will be able to make check - in lines and desks in the future .
paul nungesser , a senior majoring in visual arts , has sued columbia university for failing to protect him against backlash and harassment .	nungesser said she was a ' serial killer ' who assaulted her in her mattress in protest .	the lawsuit claims that paul is a ' `serial .
alex brady , 32 , has created beautiful images of space settlements in orbit of space travel .	it would have been taken off from a space station in monaco , as well as macao and of course las vegas .	it is located in orbit in the future of space planes .
the propaganda video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ' abu yusuf ' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the ishs ( the islamic state health service .	vision shows yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western - style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope .
elysium has been programmed to create a ' living record ' technology .	it is still under development and could be a prototype for the technology .	experts say it will be a ' prototype ' of someone who has passed .
diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to health problems .	diet pepsi fell 5 percent in north america in the first three months of the year .	consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of health concerns .
former state district judge g .	todd baugh of billings was chosen for the award by the group 's board of directors .	baugh , 73 , sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14 - year - old cherice moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher .
john elder and armin t .	wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helpedbuild a case against a turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1 .	5million armenians constituted genocide .	as armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities , many western countries still do not use that word , and us president barack obama is once again unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement .
35 - year - old was caught on camera driving his car at the time of the offence .	he was found guilty of perjury and perverting the course of justice .	the driver , who is named ashley x , was ordered to pay the fine .
rose devereux , 49 , had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts .	she also suffered 50 per cent bone loss because of gum disease , wrongly placed implants , and teeth that had fractured in half .
jenna marotta , 27 , of new york , says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all - consuming that it became ' self - sabotaging ' at first , jenna was just looking for a way to break out of her binge - eating routine .
the discovery was made by researchers in the atlantic forest of serra do japi in the state of so paulo , brazil .	a new species of frog has been found in brazil .	males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes .
a 27 - year - old man has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car and made the grim discovery on wednesday night , in bermagui , on the nsw south coast .	she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in fiji after he moved into her apartment in canberra .
new york police say the female suspect then racked up $4 , 000 in bills .	the 50 - year - old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers kimora lee simmons and diane von furstenberg .
openly - gay high school junior , anthony martinez , he'd reached his wits ' end trying to find a ' boy date' .	in a last - ditch attempt to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in nevada , he tuned to social media and was over - joyed when his straight guy friend .
lord janner is believed to be among 114 files known to have been lost or destroyed by the home office .	last year nspcc boss alison saunders led a review of home office files from 1979 to 1999 .
jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the ' banned substance stanozolol ' .	the 25 - year - old will not be able to play again until at least july .
randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , ohio , took their own lives this week , more than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help .	mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off .
transport for london has launched a campaign to tackle sexual assault on public transport , with a video in which a woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male , who looks her up and down .	one in ten londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour .
ariana , 20 , was born and raised in japan , speaks fluent japanese - american father .	the 20 - year - old was born to represent her country in the miss universe .	many in the country have expressed hostility to the japanese woman .
miss gascoigne , 28 , was targeted by gang of eight on tuesday afternoon .	she branded her muggers ' lowlifes on bikes ' .	she adopted her mother sheryl and her father paul and her brother .
karen buckley vanished after a night out in glasgow 's west end earlier this month .	her remains were found at high craigton farm , near milngavie , east dunbartonshire .	miss buckley was charged with the murder of karen buckley .
lewis hamilton sprayed champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses .	but a leading group said he should be forced to apologise for ' specially directing ' the cork 's face .
the ukip leader said the pain meant he was not ' firing on all cylinders ' during the early weeks of the election campaign .	he revealed he was suffering after a flare - up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed temazepam , a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant .
scottish first minister said: ' i absolutely think it is not unhelpful ' .	she said she would put ed miliband into downing street even if snp wins 40 fewer seats than the tories in a coalition .
james webster , 35 , was targeted by security guards in maidenhead , berkshire .	the 35 - year - old was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency .	he had targeted women as the shopped at the lidl store .
wild animal was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am , the new york post reported .	officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars .	for two hours it evaded capture , with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it ' like a suspect' .
peter gale , 47 , dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in surrey .	he was dismissed by the school for unprofessional and inappropriate conduct two weeks ago .	mr gale became the academys first male head when he was .
lord fellowes , 65 , has revealed he is to turn trollope 's 1858 novel doctor thorne into a new three - part historical drama for itv .	mary has grown up alongside the gresham sisters augusta , beatrice and alexandrina and their handsome brother frank , whose home is the great house and estate at greshamsbury park .
the 31 - year - old has reportedly been transferred from hmp manchester , formerly strangeways , to ashworth hospital , a high - security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside .	cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 , was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement .
owners of some of the world 's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with .	from the indiana ' ghost cane ' to the ' chair of death' , she says .
the 50 - year - old , who plays iron man in the film , walked out of an interview with britain 's channel 4 after interviewerkrishnan guru - murthy talked about his history of drug abuse and his time in prison .	it comes just three days after the academy award has been mired in controversy .
packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of hmp altcourse in the uk .	the cherry picker is part of a ' high - visibility ' approach to inmates who missed their intended targets .
mary pat christie , right , has quit her $475 , 000 - a - year position at finance firm angelo gordon & co , ditched her $475 , 000 - a - year position this week .	the official reason for the resignation was ' to spend more time with her family and young children' .
alison saunders , 54 , sparked fury at 1 garden court chambers in london in 1983 .	the 86 - year - old should not face charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia .	the country 's top prosecutor is facing calls to quit from campaigners .
the three - mile - long gran canaria is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for britons .	the apollo hotel is built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the canaries .
the actor and his human rights lawyer are believed to have invited friends to their home on lake como .	the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney 's 37th birthday in february , according to a source .
michael foster was appearing at a public hustings in the camborne and redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four - bedroom home by loveday jenkin who is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow .	ms jenkin claims mr foster turned to her and said: you c*** .
marco evaristti , the south american artist who is based in copenhagen , poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir , found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik , at dawn .	when they boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result .	he has been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ' vandalism' .
tony mccoy has been champion jockey for the past 20 years .	he has been named the jockey in the past 25 years .	mccoy has had a brilliant way of life for the last two weeks .	he was handed the trophy for the final time .
an estimated 1 , 000 people were forced to flee the town of chile .	the volcano has been dormant in chile and is located near the los angeles area of ensenada .	the eruption happened in 1972 , but the volcano is located in the volcano .
shoccara marcus was diagnosed with cancer in brooklyn in 2011 .	she was born in brooklyn , new york pursuing a career as a professional dancer when she learned of her father 's diagnosis .	she said she expresses her struggle with her family remembering her .
he wants to replace george osborne as a ' closet ' in the coalition cabinet .	he says he would stop worrying that would - be pm , not the tories .	cable says he will stop ' nasty and vicious stuff ' by cameron .
kevin coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout .	but the 16 - year - old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days .
colin bloomfield has died aged 33 after battling skin cancer one direction star and derby county supporter niall horan .	fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the ' perfect colleague ' and consummate professional whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure .	bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body from a cancerous mole .
ten years ago , i signed a letter to investors and business people around the world .	the jobs figures alone are astounding: 2 million more people in work a figure representing many .	businesses are starting in anticipation of a freeze and kept them .
the climate sceptic think - tank led by the global warming policy foundation .	he will focus on thousands of adjustments that have been made to temperature records kept at individual stations around the world .
bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate .	this news comes just days after the 22 - year - old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed .
britt mchenry , a single mother - of - three , left it overnight on easter weekend .	she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .	but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment .
the majority of women who have breast cancer are routinely given the gruelling drug treatment following removal of the tumour to prevent recurrence .	the risk of cancer recurrence can be difficult to live with .
the rogue european eagle owl has been terrorising the dutch town of noordeinde for months and is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks .	locals have been advised to catch a sighting of the bird .
the 47 - year - old comedian was invited to join other volvo ocean race in brazil .	the hague is also a 38 , 739 - nautical - ocean race for the start of the abu dhabi race in alicante .	the volvo ocean racing started in october 2011 .
sepsis , previously known as septicaemia , affects more than 100 , 000 britons a year and kills 37 , 000 more than breast , bowel and prostate cancer combined .	sepsis , sepsis , affects 90 per cent of patients failed to get correct treatment .
the gulf state 's constellation group was snapped up for 11 .	6 million last year .	it is the latest made by the qatari ruling family , who is the first time value - 13 million this year .
george w .	bush ' just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he was paying a visit to a military hospital , his former press secretary has revealed .	perino said the woman 's husband tried to calm her and that , at first , the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just ' stood , took it' .
game , which dates back to australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s .	the game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times , two - up is allowed on anzac day across returned servicemen league clubs .
a number of pages , written in arabic , have been found on the social media site .	they are said to be advertising ' reliable ' and ' comfortable ' travel to europe .	the discovery comes after the deaths of some 1 , 700 refugees in malta .
comedian , jenny bianchi travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours there comes a time in a womans life when beach holidays just don't lose again this year .
paul mason , 54 , from lenox , new york , managed to carry out the procedure .	but the nhs has refused to give him an operation to keep the weight off .	the 54 - year - old is preparing to undergo an operation in the u.s. .	he is now preparing to remove his 7st of excess skin .
elizabeth elena laguna salgado is from chiapas , mexico , and moved to provo about a month ago to study english .	there is no evidence that she was kidnapped , but she was held captive for nine months .	she was living with her captor in 2002 .
the duchess of cambridge may be in line for a more practical present for her baby a supply of biodegradable nappies from her sister , pippa middleton .	at 4 each , the mull - cloth nappies are not cheap and they are yet to really catch on in the uk .
the eight - week - old labradors were found near a tennessee goodwill donation site on april 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees .	the puppies have worms and are malnourished , and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage , according to mckamey animal center where the dogs are being treated .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ' the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s. university of sydney 's professor of the world health organisation .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the army in a field in northern ireland .	he was released on bail after speaking only to confirm his identity .	hutchings , who has been charged with attempted murder , was arrested .
zeta beta tau , a university of florida , has been accused of disrespecting the ex - servicemen during a warrior beach retreat on april 17 .	nicholas connole , who served 18 months in the warrior beach city , died 18 months ago .	the abuse occurred at the warrior hotel retreat in panama .
sir richard branson bought the chapel in shipton - on - cherwell , oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s .	he brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business .	the four - bedroom home is now on the market for 599 , 000 .
the ' flash crash ' of wall street on may 6 , 2010 , from his parents ' house in hounslow , west london , helped to trigger the so - called flash crash , which he could earn 1 million in a week .	us prosecutors allege sarao , who was arrested last week , has been lodged in a court of illinois as evidence in any future trial .
gary lincoln , 48 , from port talbot in wales , was working in a house in cardiff .	he was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for burns and plastic surgery at swansea 's morriston hospital .
william kerr absconded from a bail hostel in hull after he was released from hmp stocken in rutland on licence in january .	the 53 - year - old , who was jailed in 1998 for the murder of maureen comfort , was apprehended in the street in waterloo , south london , around 7pm on friday .	kerr was jailed for life for murder at leeds crown court .
the family of 20 - year - old perth volunteer ballantyne forder led a tireless campaign , making headlines as they pleaded for help to find ms forder .	ms forder was able to make contact with her family on sunday night ( aest ) .
ed miliband has hired a us guru who can help him convince himself he can be prime minister .	he has constantly lagged behind prime minister david cameron in the personal ratings polls .	but he has been reading from motivational notes including one reminding him to be a happy warrior .
nicola sturgeon , a snp leader , has been accused of ' savage violence ' .	the snp leader says she used to shave the hair off her sister 's barbie dolls .	the accusations sparked a landslide on saturday .
macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of hong kong .	it was run by portugal until 1999 when it became a special administrative region of china .	the peaceful coloane island is world 's apart from macau .
the then - 20 - year - old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting .	he was shot by the sheriff 's office deputy adam lin in 2013 .	the shooting was ruled to be justified .
pauline mckee thought she hit it big in 2011 when putting a penny in the ' miss kitty ' game at the isle hotel casino in waterloo , the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41 , 797 , 550 .	but on friday the iowa supreme court determined mckee , who has thirteen grandchildren , had actually only won $1 .	85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game .
show entitled the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live , eat , and even sleep with a new significant other .	deadline reports that the series is named after the 1955 broadway show the seven year itch that was later developed into the film starring marilyn monroe and tom ewell .
olivia pim did a week - long meditation and yoga at sri panwas cool spa .	olivia grant headed to phuket in phuket in phuket , phuket , thailand .	the road is shut down and becomes 1 , 312ft of neon .
vassilis is at the wheel of a speedboat ski resort in north - east greece .	vassilis is the man who has sailed around the coast of ammouliani .	he is the boatman at the eagles palace , which is a world heritage .
motorway police officers spotted the famous car on the back of a tranpsporter between stoke - on - trent and crewe yesterday morning .	the car used in the back to the future of the movie films - being built in belfast .
jay liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the arson attack .	his tenant lee - anna shiers , 45 , was jailed for life for murdering the family .
the east lancashire railways award - winning 1940s saturday is a highlight in many ways to help you enjoy it to the full .	the annual event is expected to be the best yet with more activities than ever .
adam barker , 47 , is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd , which manages and distributes his father 's work .	the 47 - year - old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 .
man , who earlier admitted rape , had ' poisoned ' the girl against her mother .	the girl , who cannot be named for legal reasons , has been jailed for life .	he was sentenced to life after fathering a child with his mother .
chip shop worker jeannie flynn , 53 , lay stricken in the basement of a fulhamcafe as bricks fell down on top of her - but miraculously she was not seriously injured .	ms flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers - by screaming ' get her out because it 's all going to collapse' .
u.s. eva chapin , 34 , has been booked into jail after she left her home in the home of the family home .	she was booked into custody after she told the station she is ' not racist ' .	she said ' i am not racist , ' she said .
luis andres cuyun , 30 , was riding in a car when he was taken to a car .	a salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the attack .	he was arrested for the attack on friday after a gang attack .
charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess .	if he is right , the heir will have wispy blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose .
fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month .	the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ' secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites , according to police .	police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger - side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle free from the lock .
cassie was in her car picking up brynn 's son for preschool in september last year .	she was killed in the driveway of her home in tenino , washington , on september 16 .	brynn forgave cassie for what happened as a ' hard thing ' to swallow her .
bill would prevent adolescents from smoking , buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes .	governor david ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues , as is the case with all bills .
store front of its brixton branch was covered in shattered glass while ' no evictions ' .	police spokesman confirmed that one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage .	thousands of people turned up for the event organised by the reclaim brixton group who were demonstrating against local residents and businesses being priced out of the trendy area .
andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro , cornwall .	her husband david phillips , 48 , had already been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at bodmin magistrates court on april 30 .	her husband david phillips , 48 , had already been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent .
mohammad ali akhtar was attacked by a knife - wielding robber in flixton , greater manchester .	he stormed into his feet and demanded all the money from the till .	cctv footage shows he thought he was going to die in the store .
dr quarterman quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser to attach to iss which would be used to power homes in the future .	dr adrian quarterman has proposed a laser which will attach to the iss .	it could mean solar power could be viable in scotland .
valdosta state university found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an air force veteran and former playboy model , michelle manhart , taking an american flag from demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism .	at the protest , held a week ago , manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag .
scientists are working towards building a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like the artificial bee .	it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to fly around in a robot .
former chief technology officer of blue shield has been accused by his former employer of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations , hotel stays and lavish nights out with reid .	blue shield also mentioned reid in their complaint , saying that at one event bankrolled by kaufman 's card she ' behaved inappropriately ' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media .
maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately ' provoking people ' when they drove it through the country last year .	in a report , she slammed their actions as ' massive reference to the falklands war ' .	top gear chiefs had not acted in ' bad faith ' in changing the plate .
simon wood , 38 , finished with a three - course meal in three hours .	the 34 - year - old said: ' i have been eight i was eight i won a [UNK] .
prime minister will today pledge to woo ethnic minority voters .	he will today set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side , he will .
happiness on a plate: thorn has been around for ten years .	the mistley thorn is happiness on the stour estuary , where swans preen themselves as the sun sets and the tide recedes .	the sunday night lunch .
the u.s. gunmen have been killed in pakistani women 's rights activist sabeen mahmud , who was sitting in the footwell of the driver 's seat .	investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the killing , friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a ' targeted assassination ' in pakistan - a country .
manchester university had issued a statement advising students at its north manchester campus , some 36 miles west of fort wayne , to shelter in place .	indiana state police and a bomb squad responded to the incident , though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call .
the outage occurred at 8 , 000 stores in the us and canada .	the outage affected 7 , 000 customers in the u.s. and 1 , 000 in the united states .	the company said it was aware of the point - of - charge outage in the country .
gary field was seen at a ukip event in south thanet on april 11 .	they were led by gary field , a former regional organiser for the english defence league .	mr field , who has a criminal record for assault , said he was opposed to ukip group .
the propaganda video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ' abu yusuf ' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the ishs ( the islamic state health service .	vision shows yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western - style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope .
former playgirl cover hunk has evolved from being the picture of american manliness into a favorite femininetopic of tabloid speculation .	he confirmed this is the last time he will appear as bruce before becoming ' her ' after taking home the gold , bruce was a national hero - and a national heartthrob .
painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress , black suspenders on display and whip in hand .	he is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman on the brink of holding the balance of power .
lindsay sandiford , 33 , was sentenced to death in bali for smuggling cocaine .	the 58 - year - old is expected to be executed by the end of the year .	indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 drugs .
a suicide bomber kills three people and killed four people in the town of mahmoudiyah , north of baghdad .	the terrorists ambushed an iraqi army convoy of humvees in the city of ramadi .	a colonel and two iraqi soldiers were killed in the attack .
group of technologically - challenged senior citizens are given their first introduction to snapchat with hilarious - and mixed results , all of which are caught on camera .	in the latest video from the elders reactseries on thefinebros youtube channel , the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to snapchat with hilarious - and mixed results , all of which are caught on camera .
a vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the anzac commemorative site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody gallipoli landings .	australian prime minister tony abbott , his new zealand counterpart john key , prince charles and prince harry are among those in attendance .	defence force chief mark binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore .
geoff whitington , 63 , from ashford , kent , was made so sick by obesity - related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated it is a toe - off .
the password , 166816 , is still being used by a global maker of payment devices for more than two decades , according to the u.s. retailer .	the company says the password is ' unique ' to the payment .
brian williams told by brian williams about his reporting in war zones ' turned sour ' .	he said he was ' made eye contact ' with a government soldier on a horse who was shot on the square .
the former prime minister said snp leader nicola sturgeon 's answers on the issue are ' all evasion ' .	he said that her party want ' proud scots ' to vote labour to end the bedroom .
orange county superior court judge robert r .	fitzgerald made the decision after hearing preliminary evidence against 41 - year - old isidro garcia , who has pleaded not guilty .	authorities said the daughter of garcia 's live - in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in santa ana , and that he repeatedly had sex with her despite her protests .
hannah wilson 's body was found on friday in the rural area of needmore , indiana , which is about an hour drive outside bloomington .	daniel messel , 49 , of bloomington , was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder .
sergio gomez found ' large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1 , 800 years .	and because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends , deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king .
britains super - rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009 .	she placed 302nd on the sunday times rich list with a wealth of 340m .	the queen was placed at the top , with 5 . 2bn .
the mother - of - two amanda goff , known to her clients as samantha x , is a ex - journalist .	she said her job as a high - class escort was a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of her children .
scientists at stanford university in california can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall .	they are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites in the future .
luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter .	she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the long - missing daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia .
gulf state 's investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city 's landmark buildings including the shard , sainsbury 's and british airways owner iag .	qatar 's grip on london tightened this week when it agreed to buy a majority stake in the company .
susie clark , of the 122 , was found in a 37 .	5 - acre search field on thursday , her last day of a trip to the park with her husband .	the 122 - year - old is the largest of the 3 .	122 found in the park this year .
tostee , 29 , was on bail for the alleged murder of new zealand woman warriena tagpuno wrightwhen tweed heads magistrate sentenced him to 10 months behind bars for the driving offence that occurred in july .	the 29 - year - old was reportedly four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase as he drove two passengers home to the gold coast from splendour in the grass .
public health agency confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease .	they are being assessed in accordance with the ' national risk assessment protocol ' at the royal victoria hospital , belfast , the pha added .	the patient is currently being treated in the royal victoria hospital , belfast , and is being tested for a number of diseases including rabies .
scott mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day and mocked the digger 's bravery .	the journalist accused them of committing war crimes .	the comments were met with disgust at social media users .
the shark victim was taken to hospital before being airlifted to adelaide for further treatment on saturday .	the 26 - year - old is currently fighting for his life in hospital .	mr blowes was out in the surf with about a dozen others when she ' massive ' shark struck .
latasha gosling , 27 , and two daughters , janyaa , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were found dead at their home in tisdale , saskatchewan .	the suspect in the case was found with a six - month - old baby .
melissa klein and her husband aaron refused to make the couple , who held a commitment ceremony in june 2013 , a cake after learning that they were lesbians in january of that year because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons .	the kleins were able to raise more than $100 , 000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page .
the woman was one of two people that had hailstones up to 2cm in size .	the second round of sydney 's inner - east sydney was understood to have been affected by the storm .
ron ingraham , 67 , spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish .	he eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of friday ingraham is missing again , in potentially even more danger than before .	corder , who was rescued and taken to hospital , said the son 's wife , katie jarrett .
zhang chi suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight each day .	zhang suffers from ' muscular dystrophy ' which weakens the muscle which makes it ' difficult for people to the [UNK] .
josh hamilton is going to be sent back to his former team in the los angeles angels .	he has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on february 4 .	the rangers are willing to pay around $15million to hamilton to play for hamilton .
craig lynch , a former friend , has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his cell in bedford .	he is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies .	he has been in constant communication with more than 400 websites .
mississippi senator 's personal assistant has been charged with trafficking drugs from china to use as payment for sexual favors .	police launched an investigation after seizing a package on april 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug gbl addressed to fred pagan , office manager and personal assistant to sen .	thad cochran ( r - ms ) has yet to comment on the fact that his personal assistant and office manager fred pagan has been charged with trafficking drugs .
the anthem of the seas will welcome more than 80 , 000 people on board this summer .	the bionic bar is among many hi - tech gimmicks on the 4 , 180 - passenger anthem .
the 31 - year - old pop leviathan has amassed since bursting onto the scene eight years ago .	less than a decade ago was named the 21st most powerful celebrity on the planet .
photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city , and captures the new , minimalistic buildings that add a splash of colour to istanbul .	architect and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city .
tracey woodford is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd .	she was discovered with ' massive injuries ' at the skinny dog pub .	her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man .	ms woodford was arrested on suspicion of murder .
david cameron admitted he'd suffered a ' brain fade ' during the election campaign .	he was pulled up on the fa cup final by beating liverpool 2 - 1 at villa park .	the prime minister has been a ' villa fan ' since the election .
the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the exclusive lindo wing of the hospital , where her first child , prince george , was born in 2013 .	eight patients were found to be suffering from cpe , a 20 - year - old .
fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes .	coca - cola has made the lids on all four variants ' together under one brand .	coke bottles also used to have tops with colour and description .
four members of the royals and white sox were suspended for two games .	the royals have been suspended for five games each year .	royals have not said whether they will go on the game .	royals and jeff samardzija were suspended indefinitely .
labour leader and his partys spin machine prompted the most bitter row of the campaign so far by suggesting that david cameron bore personal responsibility for drownings of refugees in the mediterranean .	senior conservatives claimed mr miliband was effectively accusing the prime minister of murder in a desperate and negative attempt to score political points by exploiting a human tragedy .
craig sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two dogs in michigan in 2012 .	the two have been in custody since 2012 involving canines from lucaj , quagliata , a native of italy , and quagliata 's property .	the attack was the third since 2012 .
the mid - size island , with an on - board ship , is sailing from rci to thomson and will get a new name , yet to be announced .	the cruise ship was built in 2001 and was given a multi - million dollar cruise ship .	it has been built in 1985 as a soviet princess and royal princess .
cosmo editor bronwyn mccahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate belle gibson before presenting her with its fun fearless female award in sydney last year .	but she says the award - which is given to inspiring women in times of ' triumph and adversity ' - won't be taken off ms gibson , despite the whole pantry founder 's admission of lying about her cancers .
oliur rahman , who took over from lutfur rahman , insisted there was deep seated racism in the borough of tower hamlets .	he found he had repeatedly played the race card to silence critics .
grace mann , 20 , was found dead in her 30 - year - old roommate last week .	her parents , melissa and his wife melissa , 30 , have been charged with first degree murder .
new york police commissioner bill bratton swooned over the ' boy band ' of four swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in the big apple this week , complimenting their use of safe and effective restraint tactics .	officials from the united states and sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes .
roy and leslie roy , 52 , and lee marie wright , 56 , were examined at a hospital and released .	they were stuck in snow on a remote part of the road in mackinaw county , michigan .	the women had been entombed in their snow - used road with eight boxes of girl scout cookies , a bag of cheese .
at least 1 , 000 people have died as rescue teams continue to search for survivors .	a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from since the avalanche .	the avalanche was caused by a powerful 7 .	8 magnitude earthquake .
the new jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting , despite protestations by the father .	nj . com reports the girl 's parents are divorced , and her father accused his ex - wife of ' abusing her parental discretion ' by taking their daughter to the december 2013 concert at the prudential center in newark .
the 65 - year - old is a republican and a christian during the much - anticipated interview with diane sawyer .	he said he is reinventing himself physically in a bid to transition from male to female in the highly - anticipated , he said .
the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community .	on its company website , steelcase said the brody is designed to be ' good for your body and good for your brain' .
steven davis , 26 , was the girlfriend of bulger 's ' rifleman ' bulger in 1981 .	he was 26 - years - old james ' bulger 's second - in - 1970's .
samantha wills , from the south australia , welcomed the joey dubbed ' crash ' into her family when she was hit by a car .	ms wills said her family are enjoying their time with love , care and ' [UNK] .
father , arron cutugno , said he was ' disgusted ' by the incident .	many of those in the record crowd of 30 , 000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minutes .
german chancellor angela merkel warns of ' asylum - seekers ' based on asylum - migrants .	comes as german chancellor called for ' fair .	in the mediterranean , where hundreds have died in the region .
a study found youngsters were more likely to engage in risky behaviour when they were distracted with texting or talking on the phone a ' common cause ' .	the study showed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a brain - first .
peter moore was shocked after receiving the document from hm revenue and customs last week .	the letter was addressed to the ' representative ' of peter william john moore and apologised for the family 's ' recent bereavement' .
the 10 - year - old is titled a video of himself learning to play poker in the king of dan blizerian .	paul and blizerian were playing with $100 followers on his video .
the teenager wanders past the monkey , who eyeballs him from a ledge as he gives it the middle finger much like a human , the monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and responds by throwing himself at the teenager catching the teenager off guard .	he sat in a state of shock for several moments while the monkey returned to his perch .
felix david , 24 , was shot in the chest by police in new york city 's east village .	he was shot by police at a halfway house in the east village of new york .
the collision occurred at tashkent airport in uzbekistan .	the plane was believed to be an uzbekistan airways service , the national airline of the country , and the busiest in central asia .	the crash will have more than expected more than any passengers .
the two members of the navy 's seals were found at the bottom of the pool .	the names of the seals were taken to a civilian hospital , a navy spokesman said .	the second service member was listed in critical condition .
paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl , who he was giving one - to - one tuition in a ' serious ' breach of his position of trust at rydens school in hersham , surrey .	guildford crown court heard the 31 - year - old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car .
the autumnal colours shine on therodopi mountains in bulgaria apart from the hotel .	the hole in the wall was not a cash machine but a spring in the mountains and a festival in bulgaria .
linda thompson , now 64 , met bruce at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife , chrystie crownover , the mother of his two eldest children .	they fell in love and got married in hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son , brandon .
the 70 - year - old was convicted of indecent assault on a hotel in paris .	he was sentenced to three years in his absence and was jailed for a ' sex attack ' .	he failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced .
the day began in london with a dawn ceremony at wellington arch on hyde park corner .	the queen , joined by the duke of edinburgh , prince william and political leaders , led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall , while prince charles was in turkey with prince harry .
1st lt michael alonso and 1st lt nicole alonso charged with illegal drug use in january and was kicked out of the air force base in montana .	alonso and balthazar are also charged with drug charges in january .
liverpool lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .	brendan rodgers gives instructions to steven gerrard during liverpool 's defeat against manchester united in the semi - finals of the season .	arsene wenger is set for his third season without a trophy for the third season .
john doyle , 79 , was left with a broken rib and a punctured lung .	he was working outside wellington school in timperley , greater manchester .	he tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw as it hurtled past and then .	mr doyle , who was found to have suffered a fractured lung and a lung .
sian harkin , 54 , gave 30 , 000 to a builder to pay for thousands of pounds worth of work to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth , wales .	she abused her position of trust when she was jailed for 43 months for fraud .
gareth bale is joined by seven premier league players in the premier league .	he has been named in as part of three football league appearances since the season .	gareth bale has been one of the football league 's best midfielders .
the 19 - year - old says he has struggled to cope with demands of playing for man united in the summer .	shaw claims he had a decent game on his return to the team at stamford bridge .	shaw has played 19 times in all competitions for united this season .
rebecca rice , 16 , had tried everything to calm her nerves but knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11 - year - old dog holly .	after confiding in her teacher lorette esteve it was decided she could take holly into the five - minute recorded french oral test .
european parliament voted in favour of a cap at 0 .	2 per cent for credit cards .	capital one said it would be much lower from june 1 .	last month , the european parliament became the first provider to scrap cap .
adriana alvarez , 22 , says that even with assistance from food stamps , medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by , despite having worked for mcdonald 's for five years .	alvarez is a leader with fight for $15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize .
derby beat blackpool 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .	tom ince scored a second - half penalty for crystal palace in the second half .	ince scored the second goal of the night .
edward moore , 24 , was working in his first job as assistant director of music at king edward 's school in witley , surrey .	he had consensual sex with the 16 - year - old student in his office .
john caudwell bought the audley street garage in mayfair , central london for 155million in order to knock it down and build a high - end housing complex .	the new apartment block will contain five townhouses , three penthouses , a mews home and 21 more luxury flats , rivalling properties such as one hyde park for the title of the world 's most desirable living space .
cardiff beat cardiff 2 - 0 in their opening match at cardiff in their home .	the result was a torrid time in the second half minutes later this summer .	skuse scored a late goal in a half - minute with a header .
baggies are on the market for west brom in the barclays premier league .	the baggies are 13th in the premier league table .	the club are likely to be helped by the club .
bristol city beat bradford 6 - 0 in the sky bet championship .	james tavernier scored his second and final goal for bristol city .	joe bryan , luke ayling , aden flint and aaron wilbraham .
west brom chairman jeremy peace is open to offers for the midlands club .	the baggies are fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league .	west brom boss jeremy peace has given him his word any takeover .
thor dalhaug died an hour after she suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctors errors .	doctors at lincoln county hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth .
the indigenous sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low - flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions .	it is illegal to go within three miles of the island in the indian ocean .
the drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators .	patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund until it is considered for routine nhs use .	it has been available in england via the cdf since last march pending licensing .
the new solar season occurs when twisted , ring - shaped ' bands ' of magnetic field move to the surface through the tachocline - a ' transition ' region in the outer third of the sun .	this combines with the existing 11 - year solar cycle in the sun 's solar interior .
the company has used the image of a svelte bikini - clad model asking ' are you beach body ready ' .	the protein - themed company has struck a collective raw nerve .	the company is facing a series of threats over the campaign .
philip gigante , 41 , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , new york .	he will get $25 , 000 a year for the part time job and hopes his ' achievements and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice .
dina amos - larkin , 21 , has been left paralysed from the neck down after falling from a hotel balcony in salou , surrey .	the 21 - year - old is in a medically - induced coma for two weeks and was told of her injuries .
australia post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay .	the package was sent to an australia post facility in chullora , nsw , to be processed .	it was sent 934kms to an queensland man 's package .
harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt home .	the three - year - old ginger cat was micro - chipped so officers could easily have contacted police .
a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p .	m . the boats were part of the dauphin island regatta in dauphin island , alabama .	officials said they responded to a ' very tragic day ' .
al - qaeda linked islamist fighters enter a town in syria , narrated by a british jihadist fighter .	the video , which shows a convoy of jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating their capturing of the northwestern syrian town of jisr al - shughour , killing some 20 fighters .	the video was released yesterday , and is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled from the uk to join the fight in syria .
ian brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then - girlfriend myra hindley .	brady - who has to use a zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent , in which he expressed no remorse for his killings .
snp succeeds in ridding scotland of trident could be the new home of britain 's nuclear submarines if the snp succeeds in ridding scotland of trident .	moving the nation 's nuclear deterrent to the british territory could cost 3billion and take 10 years to complete , it was reported .	the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde .
two costa express at a petrol station between them , plus the costa express .	it means there will be two costas just a brisk five - minute walk apart .	less than 500 yards away is a costa which replaced a cycle .
new guidelines urge gps to draw up end - of - life plans for over - 75s .	they are being told to ask if they will agree to a ' do not resuscitate ' order .	medical professionals say it is ' blatantly wrong ' and will frighten elderly .
33 - year - old duke and duchess of cambridge leave the hospital in 2013 .	prince george , 33 , is expected to be up to four days for the duke and kate .	the royal baby is now born in paddington , central london , for the past .
perry clawson , a former university of florida 's zeta beta tau frat house , was pictured in panama city beach , florida , in gainesville , gainesville , gainesville , florida .	he said the members had ' p*****d off ' servicemen across the country .
tayler buzbee buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away .	but after calling the dentist 's office , she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham , won the title last friday .	the 38 - year - old hasn't been on a single cookery course .	he won the opportunity to take note - itdoesn'thaveto cost afortune .
london mayor launched a furious personal assault on his rival - with their encounter descending into a furious shouting match .	mr miliband , who beat his elder brother david to the labour leadership in 2010 , ended up laughing off the attack , responding: ' come on boris , you're better than that .
james comey and patrick comey were involved in a car crash in barnard , vermont , who was involved in the crash in lebanon , new hampshire .	he was airlifted to a hospital in barnard and leahy 's statements .
at least one in 100 babies born in the uk could suffer learning , behavioural and physical problems such as deformed limbs because of exposure to alcohol in the womb , according to the world health organisation .	but the actual number affected by their mother ' s drinking could be [UNK] .
max azria 's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills .	the house was built in 1939 by architect paul williams .	azria bought the mansion for $14 .	4million in 2005 .
youtube video , six dancers are seen performing the provocative and popular move along to music while stood in front of the malaya zemlya monument in novorossiysk , southern russia .	prosecutors said their ' erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war and jailed two of the women for ten days .
mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and stress and bolstering your mental well - being for adults .	one child , explaining what happens in a child 's mind when they get angry and upset - and the best way to help them calm down .
estate agents in london said to be offering a higher ' cameron price ' .	he has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over 2m .	labour leader ed miliband wants to introduce an annual levy on homes .
new broadcasting house is the jewel in the crown of the bbc .	the huge building has specially designed ' huddle zones ' and a ' meeting tower ' on stilts .	the bbc has admitted it is ' self - ' and ' [UNK] .
broccoli is known to block the inflammation and damage to the disease .	but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill .
adele mckenzie was set to marry the love of her life , david elliot , when she was devastated to learn the bridal company .	she started paying in february and planned to pay off her dress by july - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations .
eligah christian , 49 , was sought on a $100 , 000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks .	he was charged with felony theft and criminal mischief .
david cameron has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion .	he said he made no apology for focusing on the economy .	he will appeal to small firms and self - employed .
scientists at the university of bristol found that having ' one large glass of wine ' increases ' facial flushing ' and ' confidence' .	researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students and asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk .
the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week .	this is the equivalent of eating over 1 , 000 identical cheese sandwiches .	three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch .
dr . drzhavoronkov is confident he can live to 150 years old .	he is following a strict regime of drugs and supplements and regular health checks .	he hopes to live to three years and is expected to reach 78 .	8 years .
mike and sharon tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming .	sharon , 45 , trims her husband 's eyebrows , wax his nostrils and clipping session .	mike and mike sharon , a well - groomed gentleman , ended up cutting his scrotum .
manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach is taking prior to the boxer 's upcoming fight against mayweather , smith questioned how mayweather is being portrayed in the media .	co - host cari champion said she had an issue with mayweather 's domestic violence history .
prime minister says snp would be a ' disaster ' and ' don't want the country to succeed ' .	cameron said the snp would prop up a ' tory party ' by stirring up ill .
12 per cent of people questioned thought that the child should be named after william 's mother - the princess of wales .	diana is the favourite name for baby if it is a girl , according to the newspaper .
the 41 - year - old mother - of - two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26 .	2 mile race .	she was delighted she could return to london to run the marathon on sunday .
madison hurd , a 16 - year - old junior from alabama , forced her to miss the children 's hospital and medical center in omaha , nebraska .	hurd 's boyfriend flew in from alabama with a tux and a corsage .
zoe o'connell lives in a three - way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers sarah brown and sylvia knight .	the 37 - year - old , who used to be a man , is standing for lib dems in maldon , essex .
holden issued a stop delivery notice to car brand in 2015 .	the models said to be affected by september 2013 and january 2015 .	holden shared the title of most recalls with jeep after issuing 268 recalls .
the painting was believed to be the work of a follower of 16th century renaissance master el greco .	but the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself .	he bought the painting because he believed it was a depiction of saint greco .
renee somerfield , 24 , has responded to the backlash against the protein world ad .	she is the genetically - blessed australian model starring in a new weight .	org petition calling for the removal of the advert .
3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk .	the legendary physicist was speaking at the sydney opera house as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk , when the question was put to him .	it was a subject that professor hawking had his own theory on saying: ' finally , a question about something important .
the unattractive shade of orangey - red is made worse by the colour of the underslip a queasy pale peach .	the dress is reminiscent of herve legers famous bandage dresses , insofar and insofar .
nicholas nicholas filed a report against an officer who told her to sit in her hot car after someone called to report a dog was inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat .	in 20 minutes , the woman was found locked inside with the windows .
the three - year - old chimp was found cowering in the box for two weeks .	they were trying to find a buyer for the illegal animal traders .	traffickers have been arrested and sentenced in guinea .
the british foreign office has advised tourists in nepal to follow the advice from local authorities the company confirmed to mailonline travel that their 200 clients who are currently in the country have all been accounted for and are safe . '	while we are continuing to concentrate on the safety of our clients out in nepal , we have decided to cancel all our trips to the country until may 11 .
a man contacted police friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near piedmont , calhoun county chief deputy matthew wade told wbrc - tv .	the truck can be seen on the left going past another vehicle the vehicle was swiped from the victim his birthday .
david duane watson , a 46 - year - old tucson firefighter , was arrested in august on charges he killed his ex - wifelinda watson , 35 , in what police say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter .	three years later , watson and her neighborrenee farnsworth were shot dead in the home of linda watson 's home .
prime minister says he has been an aston villa fan as a ' brain fade ' .	the prime minister said he was ' overcome by all his [UNK] ' .	he said he had suffered a ' ' brain . '
ed miliband and his wife justine meet hindu devotees at the shree swaminarayan temple in willesden green , london .	the scottish first minister said mr miliband simply ' won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may ' and reiterated her call for labour to ' work together to lock the tories out' .
freddie hornby , 21 , was born 12 weeks after she gave birth to her partner .	the couple have been told they will have to stay in spain for at least three months .
chris blowes was attacked by a great white shark in port lincoln national park .	the 26 - year - old is in a critical condition at the royal adelaide hospital .	his family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all the support .
gloucestershire police officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the caravan .	the near - the caravan window open was open with a window wide open .	the two officers were forced to dive out of the way with seconds to spare before they were injured .
ukip leader suzanne evans said she is suffering from a recurring spinal injury .	she is seen as the party 's party 's party 's rising star and has been increasingly tipped as mr farage .
george clooney is on the island of giudecca , just a few minutes by water taxi from the city of giudecca .	the bill is believed to have been around 3 , 000 but was waived by manager .
james holmes , 27 , was once a sought - after neuroscientist - in - training , but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was not mentally ill at the time of the shooting .
the bird was spotted at the end of the 19th century in the uk in 1988 .	it is believed that it was heading to its breeding grounds in canada and alaska .	it 's believed the large shorebird was last seen in the world in 30 years .	more than 1 , 000 twitchers had lined the water 's edge .
marble - sized hailstones , some up to 2cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on anzac day , coating streets and backyards in sleet despite only lasting for around three hours .
the fbi is investigating and a ' known threat ' to lax from isis , according to a federal law enforcement official .	officials say the possible threat was not related to aviation los angeles .
mark - francis vandelli is a keen collector of a cartier white gold moonphase .	he has been collecting a new watch for 6 , 000 .	the 26 - year - old is a watch for chelsea star mark francis 's collection .
prime minister vows to carry on warning about labour 's ' threat to the economy ' .	he said he would campaign on ' more jobs , more business , more security in retirement' ' .	mr cameron said economy ' excites ' millions .
paul gambaccini has blasted the bbc for destroying the top 40 show by employing ' ignorant ' djs who are more interested in giving vacuous opinions than playing the records .	gambaccini , a respected rock historian , blamed the presenters ' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump .
men in pubs discussing the top speed of a car they are never going to drive , let alone own .	they like spending time in sheds .	women , on the other hand , are said to be better at empathy .
shadow business secretary chuka umunna said nigel farage had ' a problem with race ' following his remarks last about ' fully black ' and ' half black ' ukip supporters .	mr umunna dragged into a fresh racism storm after national front members turned up to campaign for him in his south thanet constituency .
massimo vian , one of the heads of milan - based luxottica , said his team was ' looking to improve on the internet - connected device ' when it was announced in 2012 .	google stopped selling the first version and shut its new versions of google glass earlier this year .
more than 1 , 000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km - long queue outside the airport in kathmandu .	the departure comes as rescue efforts continue across the country .	more than 300 , 000 foreign troops formed a one kilometre - long airport .
the death toll rises to 2 , 500 people across four countries .	this is the fifth magnitude earthquake that killed at least 1 , 000 in nepal .	experts say the earthquake struck just 11km underground .
monroe county sheriff 's office confirmed the discovery of the body of a 22 - year - old was found on friday .	the body was found at the scene of the search for the missing woman .	the cause of death could take up to a month to be determined .
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman - streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts .	her picture doesn't look like her without her glasses , ' her mother said . '	she has no vision at all without her daughter , ' she said .
danny nickerson , six , was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013 .	his mother , carley nickerson , wrote that her ' precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' .	he received mail from around the world and fought through 33 radiation treatments .
tommy cox , two - year - old tommys mother whose name is also stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the princes lookalike .	first noticed the similarities between tommy and duchess of cambridge .
former apprentice star margaret mountford will reveal that the island was the magaluf of its day , and a capital for sex tourism .	she was one of the great writers of the ancient world , who lived on the island around 600bc .
the monuments of kathmandu , the capital of nepal , are recognised as a unesco world heritage site because of their unique architecture .	but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including towers and temples , now lie in rubble after a 7 .	8 magnitude earthquake hit the country yesterday morning .
isis fighters , some of victims have returned after falling pregnant by their captors and further at risk at being ostracised by their community , which frowns upon pre - marital sex .	now , some kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to ' reverse loss of virginity ' on the victims .
sarah , sarah , 36 , and mark brennan , 35 , from south wales , was born seven weeks at the princess of wales hospital in bridgend .	she was born at 33 weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz .
heritage - listed colonial georgian residence , with three storeys and six bedrooms , was built by whaling captain george grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist conrad martens work in 1843 .	the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of the rocks .
alabama department of public safety 's marine patrol division said that one person was found dead on saturday morning .	authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta on saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people .
mara jose carrascosa , 49 , was released from jail for refusing to bring her daughter back to the u.s. and thus remained jailed .	carrascosa defiantly refused to bring the daughter what she returns to the united states and return to spain to be reunited with her daughter .
ivan milat , australia 's most notorious serial killer , could have been jailed for his first backpacker murder in 1989 .	he was sentenced to life in prison for the first crime in 1989 , according to a new report .	milat 's brother , boris milat , was convicted of the murder of seven backpackers .
anais zanotti , 30 , who lives in miami , first became interested in the high - flying sport .	she has had 1 , 350 dives and is now an instructor , teaching other amateur junkies how to jump from a plane .
invitations to the commemoration of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ' triumphalist ' way to avoid embarrassing the french .	the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new [UNK] .
the $2 million worth of stolen artwork was found in a caretakers garage .	the items were found in 2010 after being taken from property investor .	the theft was stolen in 2010 and the works were stolen .
the new south wales ombudsman is investigating how bill spedding , 63 , who has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault .	the mother of the three young boys , who cannot be named , was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse .
joshua burns , formerly of brighton , was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second - degree child abuse earlier this month .	joshua burns and his wife , brenda burns , say he is innocent , and that he grabbed their daughter naomi 's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife .
megan sheehan , of san francisco , was arrested and booked at the santa rita jail for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st .	patrick 's day of 2014 .	she was arrested by the police , claiming she was guided to the ground .
mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day on twitter on twitter .	sbs football journalist condemned anzac day as an ' cultification of an ' imperialist invasion ' .	sbs 's managing director michael ebeid and director of sport , ken shippsaid mcintyre 's ' highly inappropriate and [UNK] .
james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday .	james has missed ten of the 13 career postseason games in boston .	james is averaging 29 points , nine rebounds and six assists .
the saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner .	she continued with a series of episodes of alleged police brutality .
scent of marsha yumi perry , 36 , was tracked through a field by a washougal police dog on friday , who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in , according to police .	police said the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows , and he was taken to clark county jail .
russian president vladimir putin claims us helped chechen islamic insurgents wage war against russia .	putin said he raised the issue with then - us president george w .	bush who promised to ' kick the ass ' of the intelligence officers in question .
robin barton , 25 , was abandoned by his mother after he was abandoned as a baby .	he was adopted by michael fernandez of orange county , now - retired santa ana police officer michael buelna .	barton said he was ' blessed with a great family' .
the 190 million - year - old rock formation is found in the great vatnajkull glacier in skaftafell national park , part of the great u.s. to the fairy chimneys of turkey 's cappadocia glacier in paria national park .	many of the most unbelievable landscapes in the world .
her mother , 52 , came up with a more permanent way to capture a person 's scent in a bid to help others in mourning .	her mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his perfume .
james hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to lanzarote .	but security officers , who were described as ' over - zealous ' by the boy 's father , then took exception to james 's harmless toy .
the tories are on 33 points , followed by labour on 30 , ukip 18 and the lib dems 9 the third survation poll in a row to show a lead for the tories .	intriguingly , there are signs that labour , and not the tories , is at risk from farages ukip .	in the past three weeks , ukip support has risen by five points .
police chargedtemitope adebamiro with first - degree murder on friday after being called to her home in bear early on thursday morning because of an ' unknown problem' .	when they arrived at the home around 12:40am , they found37 - year - old adeyinka adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes .	adebamiro , 35 , and the victim had been married for more than ten years .
courtney terry , 27 , from barnehurst , south - east london , was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23 - year - old brother jordan seven years ago .	but doctors have advised her to bring forward her wedding because of her worsening condition .
alastair clarkson was filmed lashing out at an aggressive afl fan after his team 's narrow loss to port adelaide on saturday night .	the footage shows a young man , thought to be an adelaide power fan , taunting clarkson as he made his way back to his adelaide hotel room .	the man reportedly ' got in his face ' yelling ' hey clarko , how was the win today brother .
the former top gear presenter stopped for a chat with tennis coach boris becker .	the 55 - year - old drove off in his eye - catching supercar in london .	he was seen laughing with a traffic warden in london , cheering on chelsea .	clarkson was sacked after a ' fracas ' involving a tennis producer .
freddie gray , 25 , in police custody , protesters began climbing on police cars and smashing them with traffic cones violence continued from around 6 .	45pm into the evening .	police commissioner anthony batts issued an order for protesters to disperse amid growing anti - police sentiments .
three - year - old hippo stood its ground against two male lions and managed to send them on their way .	the hippo tries to scare them off before retreating to its territory .
christian trousedale , 18 , was carrying a 95 - year - old after a picture of him .	christian said he is ' blown away ' by the reaction to an act of kindness .
jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free the man .	the man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries , as well as suspected leg fractures , but remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free .
sandie konopelski of shiloh , illinois , was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between swansea and belleville on friday morning .	she died of blunt - force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene .
jamie robbins stole 1 , 600 from the select ' n ' save shop in kings norton , birmingham , with an accomplice on january 13 , 2014 .	the case was not solved until the 35 - year - old walked into a police station earlier this year .	robbins was jailed for four - and - a - half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at birmingham crown court .
former made in chelsea star has joined forces with the national department store on a hard - hit anti - fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after it abandoned its ten - year anti - fur: .
amira abase , 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , believed to be ' 16 - year - old jihadi brides ' .	she has tweeted a picture of chicken and chips in the islamic state .
miliband will announce plans for first - time buyers to pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to 300 , 000 and have priority in the sale of new homes under a labour government , ed miliband will say .	labour claims its tax break which would last three years would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance , higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard .
tracey woodford is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd .	she was discovered with ' massive injuries ' at the skinny dog pub .	her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man .	ms woodford was arrested on suspicion of murder .
andy erlam has announced he will stand as a ' martin bell' - style anti - corruption independent candidate in his place .	he was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in may 2014 by a systematic fraud .
mr caudwell , john caudwell , claimed visitors to his 50 - room jacobean manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs .	john caudwell said the room is where the boy died in the 17th centuryconflict .
lord janner accused of molesting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s .	the 86 - year - old politician has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems .	the family of lord janner said he is innocent .
the bbc is to air a two - hour , real - time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway at a leisurely 4mph .	for many , the languid film will be as interesting as watching paint dry , but the corporation hopes many viewers will find it a refreshing change from the usual frenetic pace of modern tv .
the acting chief executive of the clinton foundation is said to have taken more than $2million in donations from the canadian chairman of the new york state .	the acting said that the foundation would ' stronger than [UNK] .
jon reiter , a contractor from kenwood , california , was attempting his third ascent to the mountain when the mountain was hit by a deadly avalanche .	he said he was forced to zip a dead body into a tree as he hiked on the mountain .
luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically - induced coma .	his father , michael stanwick , has been in hospital with his family .	he has been left paralysed from the waist down after the accident in portugal .
heckler & koch g36 will be used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries .	it is used in britain by counterterrorism police across the uk .	the weapon is used by police forces across the country .	the findings will be referred to the home office for the requirements .
labour 's plans to give millions of forgotten renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so - called house building and push rents up .	landlords would have to offer three - year tenancies and would be banned from one year .
18 - year - old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the 55 , 000 - a - week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .	the 28 - year - old , who is on loan to everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .
study of 18 , 500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal gp were diagnosed , on average , a week later than others .	britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe , and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms .
more than 72 , 000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the camp on april 15 , 1945 .	it was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the bergen - belsen camp .
16 - year - old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .	a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .	after a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted , with smiles and joy .
tony brookes , a former member of south yorkshire police , said money was diverted from protecting the children from rape , trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so - called priority crimes .	it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance - related pay for top officers at south yorkshire .
news of the royal family will be held at the gates of buckingham palace .	the birth of prince george was first announced in an easel at buckingham palace in 1982 .	the royal delivery is expected to be taken out of a traditional easel .
the pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches , and since it launched in 2013 .	it 's only one example of a new generation of watches designed to track your sleep and calories .
chris strodder has created a tribute to the disneyland book of lists .	it contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure .	you will find out how many people have given birth in disneyland , in california .
henri marinello , 53 , track down nine paintings including works by chagall and rivera stolen from an la mansion .	the founder of art recovery international has been central to the recovery of a 1billion nazi - looted hoard found in a squalid munich flat .
the 68 - year - old was the father of her son , 48 , over the child he helped raise his own for 17 years .	he claims that she was not the biological father of charlie , now .
a man who died in the custody of a baltimore police funeral home in baltimore police .	gray 's funeral will be held on sunday above the funeral home on sunday .	the funeral will have been held on monday .
a national counterterrorism center advisory group , ordered by the white house , is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in us hostage policy , abc news reported on sunday .	the nctc interviewed families of hostages , including the parents of journalist james foley , who was killed by islamic state fighters .
the prime minister has written to first great western to request it ' urgently review ' its decision to bring in a ' cap ' on price hikes .	mr cameron has promised to freeze fares on the route between stafford and liverpool .
the 48 - year - old allegedly stole almost $15 , 000 worth of items , including more than 1 , 000 items from a ' large amount ' of toiletries , according to police .	juanette , 48 , was arrested after a miniature bottles of property in the last three years .
the mother - of - four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life .	things were so difficult at one point that she planned to crash her car into a brick wall .	in an interview with the telegraphon saturday the 57 - year - old revealed how close she came to suicide one day after her divorce from first husband clive jones .
seven women involved in a relationship with a mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named kayla in texas .	and the women had a chance to confront the woman , named kayla , on an episode of dr philthat aired on friday .	kayla responded by saying she tried to figure out her life in the ' wrong way' .
brian williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a u.s. military chopper which was hit by a rocket - propelled grenade .	he repeatedly told a self - aggrandizing , false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an rpg on iraq .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald told to pay back the cash 11 months ago .	she has already repaid everything she owed from the ' tax shelter ' scheme .	tv sports presenter gabby logan has already fulfilled her promise .
dr jim penman , of the rmit , has drawn a parallel between the army and 100bc in rome .	dr . dr . dr penman said the country is heading for a ' similar collapse ' in society .
the new royal baby could be clad in eco - friendly biodegradable mull - cloth as opposed to disposable nappies pippa middleton , left , is said to have bought the biodegradable nappies for her sister the duchess of cambridge ahead of the birth of the royal baby .	shoppers in geneva , switzerland , have reported seeing pippa buying the nappies , which are made of natural fibres .
colin farrell , 38 , has been linked with a string of the world 's most famous beauties .	the actor says he 's now a devoted father to his two sons james and henry tadeusz .
egyptian - born hani al - sibai is believed to be part of jihadi john 's network in islamic state .	he was jailed for 25 years and has been linked to al - qaeda .
rare paintings used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in the wizard of oz have sold for 35 , 000 some 76 years after the film was first released .	the other , imagining the emerald city , capital of the land of oz and home to the wizard , sold for 10 , 000 .	both paintings , from the brush of famed art director jack martin smith , were used to work out how the scenes might look once filming of the 1939 hollywood classic began .
the u.s. supreme court 's arguments on tuesday over same - sex marriage will cap more than two decades of litigation .	a sense of inevitability is in the air: that a majority is on the verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide .
the skull is believed to be the world 's largest intact dinosaur skull .	it is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9 .	2ft ( 2 .	8 metres ) long .	the largest previously recorded triceratops skull measured 8 .	5 . 5 . 2ft .
the 26 - year - old was told she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23 .	she was diagnosed with a stroke after eating four takeaways a week .	she ballooned to a size 24 after going on nights out with friends and friends .
california - based company said it was working with other schools to help students continue their education .	corinthian was one of the country 's largest for - profit educational institutions .	it collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are thought to be the biggest .
geoff haigh , 54 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his partner heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home .	but the couple were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over .
neanderthals were the oldest human species in europe and much of asia .	they found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on neanderthal teeth .	they were thought to have belonged to a group of modern humans .
mother - of - 35 - year - old rj jackson has been targeted by armed police .	her son , 35 , has been treated as an incredibly rare disease .	his mother said her son is ' scalded ' with her son .
theresa may 's bid to deport 53 - year - old serial criminal because of the risk of ' unacceptably savage ' abuse he faced in the country .	he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because of drinking alcohol is illegal .
michelle obama 's office says the first lady chose what 's being called ' kailua blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services .	obama 's main goal was to create a modern service that is completely compatible and interchangeable and usable with all the historic china services .
photographer uruma takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe .	takezawa found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world .	the japanese adventurer spent 1 , 021 days on the road .
asda has created its ' luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby .	63 per cent of families are concerned about the spiraling costs of a christening .
the reddit user wrote a letter saying it was a good idea to be out of the letter .	the letter was written by the letter saying the letter is a ' good idea ' .	the writer is believed to be britain 's u.s. and the doctor 's appointments .
the woman was allegedly forced into her car by a man in a parking lot in loveland , loveland , colorado , where she was locked in a trunk of her car .	the woman told the dispatcher she was forced to drive her own car to an area .
the neurosurgeon , who is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of saturday 's deadly earthquake , performed a craniotomy on the 15 - year - old girl , sandhya chalise , after a wall of her family 's home fell on her as she collected water outside .	more than 6 , 000 people were injured ' i was asked to do this by the doctors there at the hospital .
the image , which has not been verified , was re - posted to twitter on sunday by an anti - islamic state activist in syria with the idea .	the image was released by an islamic state activists in the hope of the threat .
susannah ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since the disaster .	the 20 - year - old is among the dozens of britons currently in nepal .
the horseshoe - shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87 .	5ft from the edge of a cliff , allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2 , 350ft below their feet .	it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world , beating arizonas grand canyon skywalk by 16 . 4ft .
bradley parkes , a mother of the 16 - year - old girl , was taken to birmingham children 's hospital in a coma .	his mother - of - five said he had been tormented for months by a gang .
miliband wants to bring in ' use it or lose it ' powers for councils .	property analysts say move would take britain back to ' dark days of the seventies ' .	miliband said he wants to ' restore the dream of home ownership ' .
the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic ' cyber - assault ' . '	the greatest risk is a systemic attack on the energy infrastructure , ' he said .
suchet , now 71 , has spoken openly about his wife 's diagnosis and the death of the dementia uk charity .	he was in mourning after losing his wife bonnie after she died peacefully in 2009 .
mother - in - law of one of the boston bombers has taken to the stand to tell how her daughter was converted to islam by her husband , as lawyers try to argue the other brother out of being put to death .	her words came as jurors decide whether tamerlan 's brother , dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , should be spared the death penalty for killing three people and injuring several hundred .
bianca rinehart , along with her brother john hancock , lodged a federal court to increase their stake in the family company , hancock prospecting , according to the abc .	nearly a decade later , the siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother , the richest person in australia .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ' great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 .	mcelroy said she was ' mortified ' and ' in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done , she wrote in a column for thewashington post .	respected drexel university law professor lisa mcelroy , 50 , who made national headlines last month after accidentally emailing her students a porn link .
jackson jeremy jackson was taken into police custody on saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake , la .	the 34 - year - old is accused ofstabbing a man with a knife on friday - his relationship to the man is not clear .
paris - based airline boss disputed claims that ryanair staff face poor working conditions and wages .	mr oleary said there is a waiting list of 300 pilots and nearly 1 , 000 attendants .
myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his last days before his execution painting for as long as possible .	his final request comes as images from nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait painted by sukumaran in his cell , depicting the artist shot through the heart .	sukumaran 's fellow death row inmate , andrew chan , has requested to spend his final days painting .
pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan 's tribal area of bajur , enjoys a ride on a merry - go - round along with other children .	the amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi .
john sims , who had burkitt 's lymphoma , died on saturday , with his new wife lindsey sims by his team .	the pair married at the university of texas m .	anderson cancer center .
nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , an oil company manager , had been celebrating a victorious football game in new orleans , louisiana , on wednesday .	but moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last - remaining revelers shortly before midnight , they were both shot dead at close range in an attack that shocked and baffled the quiet community of metairie .
princess sofia , 32 , is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child .	she has a busy schedule of events in and outside of sweden to marry her husband .
nursultan nazarbayev , a 74 - year - old former steel worker who has ruled the oil - producing nation since 1989 , has won another five year term .	nazarbayev has been re - elected as president of kazakhstan after winning 97 per cent of the vote but international monitors have voiced their concern .
joyce joyce , who is joyce 's cousin , has accused police of ' cover - up ' .	he was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff .	her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her death .	the family of a four - year - old girl was drafted in to help south wales police .
the crew of the hamal , nine men aged between 26 and 63 , were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency 's border policing command .	they were intercepted by the frigate hms somerset and border force cutter valiant about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast .	the value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of thousands of pounds .
vladimir bukovsky , 72 , has lived in the uk since he was accused of spreading anti - soviet propaganda .	he has been summonsed to appear in court next month to be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children .
collin burns completed a cube in just 5 .	25 seconds , smashing the world record .	the us national ' speedcubing ' champion was at an official rubik 's cube event in doylestown , pennsylvania , when he shaved 0 .	3 of a second off the record .
kayla mooney , a 24 - year - old high school science teacher , was arrested for allegedly having sex with a student .	she was arrested after a seven - week police investigation .
celine bisette , who uses a pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career .	she found herself in need of a ' mainstream ' part - time job that she didn't want to be a prostitute .	she said she didn't have a ' hyper - sex [UNK] .
st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin said in a statement that the original pig rassle will be replaced this august with a human mud foosball tournament .	global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the church .
paul gilbert said he hoped his ' off - piste ' comment would not ' find it 's way back ' to labour leadership .	he also blasted labour 's ' entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees .
nick clegg admitted that his party was fighting ' tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of westminster seats .	instead of battling to win seats across the country , the lib dems will be slashed to ' in thethirties .
matilda was born to 34 - year - old hannah , 21 months after she was born prematurely .	matilda was chosen to play to play to julie , who in the tv show died from putrid throat , because of her small size matilda .
dzhokhar tsarnaev killed three people and injured 260 others in the april , 2013 bombings , is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case .	last week prosecutors described the 21 - year - old as ' america 's worst nightmare ' insisting he deserves to die for carrying out one of the bloodiest attacks on us soil since 9/11 .
81 - year - old fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall .	but she has been told she wants to be welcomed back to the cove .	she needs to say to daniel , ' i am very sorry i hit you with my car' , she said .
bonnie suchet , 71 , was described as ' the love of my life ' .	he has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia .
prime minister says he has been an aston villa fan ' all his life ' .	the prime minister claimed he became a villa fan after watching the team beat bayern munich in the european cup final as a child .	mr cameron said he had not returned to london on friday .
jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes .	despite the name , the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters .
elizabeth dawes , 39 , was wrongly told she had breast cancer in july 2013 .	doctors told the 39 - year - old that she needed immediate surgery .	she was told she would need a further procedure to improve the shape of breasts .
boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle .	brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived .
renee bergeron , 38 , was born with congenital femoral deficiency , which affects her legs , hips , and knees super - headed .	bergeron 's first little superhero subject was her own son , apollo , who also has a feeding tube at a superhero .
new study of australians ' spending habits reveals that 1 .	2 million either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner the study of 1 , 200 cardholders by creditcardfinder .	17 per cent will hide their credit card spending , versus 14 per cent of men .
53 - year - old allegedly threatened to kill other passengers .	mr penner said he was removed from the plane on friday night .	he was forced to return to its stand , but he was complaining about the plane .
reality star said it was ' very disappointing ' that he stopped short of using the word .	kardashian , whose armenian heritage comes from her father , the late robert kardashian , has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide .
charlotte briggs was refused a place at a school 150 yards from her home and offered one two miles away .	her mother lynne , 49 , who has two other children , claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus .
jo malone has joined 5 , 000 small business bosses praising the tories ' as the ' only people ' who can keep the economy secure .	the signatories - who together employ nearly 100 , 000 people - said they ' would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started' .
auckland coastguards were taking part in a ' fishing event ' on sunday .	the travellers were issued with a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved in the event .	no one was injured .
the death toll rises to 4 , 000 at the bagmati temple in kathmandu .	the magnitude - 7 - year - old has been taking place at the temple in the temple .	the sacred hindu pashupatinath river is the deadliest to hit the river .
lord janner sent a thank you christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it emerged yesterday .	the officer said he was appalled by the labour peers note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janners alleged sex abuse .
jay z did not post any details about rihanna 's song on itunes .	jay z said that there are ' many big companies that have huge amount of consciousness ' .	tidal had a ' war ' looming between tidal and apple , which is ' [UNK] .
up to 1 , 000 people have been killed and more than 60 injured .	at least 65 britons were believed to have been hit by the 7 .	8 - magnitude quake .	up to 65 people were killed in the quake .
sergeant edwin mee , 46 , has been accused of sexually abusing 11 young women who wanted to join the forces .	he is said to have abused 11 of the women who want to get a ' dull ' job .
the stars of martin scorsese 's classic 1990 gangster film goodfellas reunited in new york on saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie which brought the 14th annual tribeca film festival to a close .	stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance although director scorsese was filming in taiwan and joe pesci , who won an oscar for best supporting actor in 1991 for his turn as tommy devito , didn't show .
three - and - a - half - year - old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats to lose weight .	his owners say he is ' a different dog ' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet .
former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news .	he wants to build a 4ft - wide pipeline from seattle down to california to transport water and solve the state 's ongoing drought problem .
the 27 - year - old was on his way home from a night out in bath , somerset .	he had gotten into the taxi with his girlfriend in a orange grove taxi rank in bath to his home in the foxhill area .	mr hicks , who was 23 , was left with a severe brain injury , developed epilepsy .
4 , 000 - year - old tree thought to be britain 's oldest living organism .	locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves .	experts say it is 3 , 500 to 4 , 500 - a - year old .
emoji are popular in the instagram community , with nearly half of instagram captions .	the most popular emoji on the site is the first to be added to the coast of instagram .	instagram has also launched a new app called lark , reyes and juno .
bruce jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight - episode docu - series on e!	starting july 27 .	it is allegedly his sons burt , brandon and brody jenner and stepdaughter kim kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65 - year - old patriarch will reveal about gender change .
the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning , hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week . '	if you agree with murder , lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes , you are a total c*** and can f*** off , ' one post read .
molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and her daughter hannah in eype , dorset , last week when the she fell over the cliff 's cliff 's cliff .	the eight - year - old was identified as the lamb , who survived the drop , but had no way of getting down to the beach to get her .
mary cowan , of edinburgh , asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where she had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children .	she left around 325 , 000 to help poorer pupils attend the school .	ms cowan never married and worked and lived in edinburgh .
blue origin , llc , is the brainchild of jeff bezos , barely registers in nearby van horn , a way station in one of texas ' largest and most remote counties .	few visitors are allowed beyond the ' no trespassing ' sign and a new era of commercial space operations .
liberal democrats admitted today that their best hope is to end up with 30 - something mps after may 7 , compared with the 57 elected in 2010 .	senior party source said their best chance of holding the balance of power after the election was to ' finish ' in the 30s .
daniel williams filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom , before editing all of the clips together to offer an action - packed perspective of his regular daily life .	all set to a techno beat , the pacey clip turns a regular 9 - to - 5 office job into something far more exhilarating .
oscar ' papoo ' hernandez jr - no relation to disgraced nfl player - has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his infamous namesakes murder case .	earlier this month , aaron hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first - degree murder of the semi - professional football player in 2013 .
the man and a 26 - year - old man were arrested and charged with possessing traffickable quantity of kava and possessing cannabis in a public vehicle .	police found 20 kilograms of the depressant drug .
maitland local karen newton , a great - grandmother , had just finished playing at the kurri kurri dawn service .	she was on her way to gillieston heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods .
elena klimova , 26 , runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and shut up .	elena dubbed ' beautiful people and the things they say to me ' .	elena klimova is a russian activist for the lgbt community .
hillary clinton is sworn in as the 44th president of the united states in january 2017 .	she will not only be the country 's first female president .	the former u.s. secretary of state has launched her campaign to be us .
the seven - year - old daughter of a lesbian couple has made a video to help explain to other children who have two mothers how they were created .	the short film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families .
the body of a baby was dug up about 50 metres away from a sydney beach last year .	locals filomena d'alessandro and bill green have claimed the body was found buried on maroubra beach on november 30 , 2014 .	locals assisted police at the crime scene:officers dressed in full protective gear .
the millennium camera , a san francisco writer , has created a ' millennium camera ' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus .	the camera is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside , to create a [UNK] .
state - of - the - art trust opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad .	ukip said the hospital had been funded with english taxpayers ' money ' shovelled ' to holyrood .
vanessa kennard , 45 , was suspended after failing to turn up at the hearing .	she was one of three nurses charged with misconduct .	grant clarke , from west kent , was only moved to another unit at sevenoaks hospital .
vincent lamouroux has painted a derelict motel in la 's alfred hitchcock motel .	he has made frequent trips to los angeles over the past 15 years .	mr lamouroux said he chose white because it ' could bring the most ' .
miranda ashley calvin , 19 , was arrested by gresham police on sunday afternoon .	police were called to a gresham road at about 8 .	30pm on saturday night where they found 49 - year - old jerrie ann hornig dead when they arrived .	calvin was arrested and booked into multnomah county detention center on manslaughter , felony hit - and - run and reckless driving .
scotland 's first minister said the labour leader had allowed himself to be ' kicked around ' by the tories and called on him to be a ' tougher ' and ' bolder ' .	he said the snp leader had been ' bullied ' by snp leader ed miliband .
vampire diaries actor and his twilight actress fiance tied the knot on sunday in a romantic ceremony in the santa monica mountains .	nikki , 26 - who was previously married to singer - songwriter paul mcdonald - wore a stunning white lace long - sleeved custom gown .
hundreds of survivalists and so - called ' preppers ' descended on the salt lake city , utah , on friday for the first ever preppercon .	during the two - day expo , they learned new ways to deal with a zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster - and even dressed up as zombies .
eric sidoti is the creator and co - founder of broga eric and his male colleagues use the video streaming service .	experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing .
eva mozes kor , 81 , who publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week in an extraordinary act of forgiveness .	she faced criticism from her co - plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in germany .
scottish first minister has no chance of winning a majority on its own .	he is on course for a landslide north of the border .	the snp could win 46 of scotlands 59 .
builder mark lawson , 44 , was in the diamond tap public house in newbury , berkshire for his christmas party when he agreed that his co - worker simon myers could take some chips from his plate .	however , when mr myers started eating an onion ring , lawson was angered , shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh .
william schultz , a 18 - year - old man , was stabbed to death in his home in the san muir hospital .	he was stabbed in the neck and declared dead at a hospital in san francisco .	deputies put out a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz .
the russian vessel oleg naydenov was carrying 1 , 400 metric tons of viscous fuel oil , when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11 .	it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later .	one beach has been cleared of oil and clean - up operations were ongoing on three other beaches .
the bright yellow advert for protein world has been put up in a number of london underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question: ' are you beach body ready ? '	but the campaign , which promotes the brand 's weight loss collection , has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners , with some of the posters even being defaced .
dutch royals celebrated king willem - alexander 's birthday in dordrecht warm welcome: the dutch royal couple were all smiles as they meet well - wishers in the capital amsterdam or in one of the country 's major cities .	koningsdag - or king 's day - is a public holiday in the netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession either in the capital amsterdam or in one of the country 's major cities .
amy - beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14 .	her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products .
pritesh , 36 and mansi gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago .	pritesh 's sister hiral shah , 32 , stepped in and acted as a surrogate .	pritesh was born with brain haemorrhages and died aged six months ago .
daniel messel , 49 , was found in rural brown county , about 10 miles from the campus , on friday morning after a night out .	her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed .	her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed .	her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed .
euan ritchie and jen martin 's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion .	they still haven't been able to track down the would - be benefactor .	australia has the highest extinction rate for native .
the 49 - year - old holed up in a vintage blue bus has been shot dead following a seven - hour standoff with swat officers .	the bullet struck a police dog named baco in the head , prompting an exchange of gunfire between officers and hawkins .	mark hawkins , 49 , was shot dead in turner road .
chancellor claimed the ' one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off each week during the election campaign .	he vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk .
three quarters of extreme hot weather and 18 per cent of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming .	they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades , humans will become responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events .
23 . 8 - magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche on mount everest , killing 18 people .	images show how the wave of snow , ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18 , 000 - foot - altitude base camp on saturday .	the avalanche started on mount kumori , a 23 , 000 - foot - high mountain just a few miles from everest .
labour leader will insist that he offers a clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration not false promises .	labour leader to claim that labour would put a target on net immigration .	his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times .
it is a saddening site of great human and cultural loss following nepal 's devastating earthquake that has killed at least 4 , 000 people .	they have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine - storey structure , which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust .	one rescuer in the nepalese capital said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not ' understanding the tragedy' .
the wall street journal , which first reported the drone strike that killed two hostages , one of them an american , could have been postponed .	the cia was seeking to destroy an al qaeda compound in pakistan .
amanda holden said her sister was suffering from altitude sickness .	she said she was safe after a 7 .	9 - magnitude quake that killed more than 4 , 000 people .	she said: ' it 's awful , i can barely speak .	i'm still quite numb , ' she says .
cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon .	the pair , who live in clapham , london , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti .
10 - year - old tyrone goes to peter dutton 's office in brisbane on monday .	touching words were written by tyrone sevilla and delivered to a school in townsville on monday , along with a nurse .
animal welfare charity claims to have a solution to help households rid themselves of mouse infestations - lending them a cat for the day .	wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app to offer customers a cat fostering service .
researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing .	researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24 .
the storm started sunday night in comanche county , texas , on sunday night .	more than five tornadoes were reported in the area , including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over stephenville , 70 miles southeast of fort worth .
john key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her ' uncomfortable ' .	the 26 - year - old , an employee at rosie cafe , is frequented by mr key and his wife .	mr key said she was ' expected more from him' .
cassandra fortin has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at connecticut children 's medical center for hodgkin 's lymphoma , which she was diagnosed with in september .	the teenager said she was ' happy ' to be heading back to her hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life .
the reality tv star is every inch the beach babe as the face of very .	co . uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign lucy , who describes her perfect summer as ' sun , tan and chilling' , showcases ibiza - inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses in the shoot .	the fitness fanatic , who recently starred in a made in chelsea work - out dvd , shows off her toned midriff in cut - out swimwear .
israeli male couples have traveled to capital of kathmandu to father children with the help of surrogate mothers because in israel the procedure is limited by law to only heterosexual partners .	the plane had previously delivered doctors to nepal to aid rescue efforts .
dr xiao - ping zhai says she has used chinese medicine to help women become pregnant .	she 's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic in 1996 to reveal the secrets of her success .
isobel attwood has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in winchester on saturday .	she is believed to be with a man in his 20s .	police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white , 5ft 4ins tall .
kris jenner looked drawn and downcast as she drove herself to a beverly hills gym on monday as she continues to deal with the fall - out from ex - husband bruce jenner 's tv tell - all .	diane sawyer said during the abc 20/20 special that kris had declined to comment on her husband 's gender transition even though previous two wives issued messages of support that were read out on the program .
the gel contains platelet - rich plasma ( prp ) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing .	it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm ( amounts vary depending on wound size , but it also contains small , solid compounds - red cells , white cells and platelets .
jamie , who has seven miscarriages , was appearing on the itv talk show .	the show was discovered that 207 set aside for a 500 grave stone had disappeared .	dawn , who lives with dawn and her partner , also called jamie , had done the show .
chrystie crownover told gma that she was ' so relieved ' she wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for the 43 - year - old 's ex - husband .	chrystie crownover said she was born to her ' real self ' to the olympic champion .
ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis , when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male .	he became inspired to start his second project , salty girls , starring women with the disorder , whichdamages the lungs and digestive system .
john goodwin , of atkinson , shot himself near his car outside the rockingham county superior courthouse in brentwood on friday .	the jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75 - year - old 's case .
five hundred years later , just one of the inca bridge has been a tourist attraction .	it is left to rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their inca ancestors .
the 73 - year - old woman , 73 , suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs .	she is described as being between 30 and 40 , with a ' sickening ' [UNK] .
craig , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side - effect of hot flushes .	craig has taken to carrying a spare shirt in his briefcase when he goes to meet clients .
26 - year - old was greeted by a group of flag - waving crowd at the maple hayes school of dyslexia .	the princess was back on royal duties and travelled to litchfield in less than four days for the princess , who was a pupil at reading school .
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general , becoming the first african - american woman to serve as the nation 's top law enforcement official .	she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ' we can do anything ' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country .
the anzac day is a day of anzac day anzac day .	one woman posted a selfie of herself on a selfie with their friends .	their photos were uploaded to youtube and posted a photograph .
friends of the deputy prime minister have previously indicated he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps .	but he said he would fight for his job in all circumstances .
the mass , which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1 , 000 - 1 , 640ft long , and 100ft wide , a town official said .	geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby .
an east coast low the same weather system that lashed the state 's east coast for three days last week could hit the region , with heavy rain possible from thursday .	the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4 , 000 jobs from the 24 , 196 requests still to be completed .
london - based fitness company says it will assist in losing belly fat .	this is the best way to assist in terms of epoc abs .	this will help in losing weight from the stomach .
her mother , barbara mcgrath , was dismissed from st joseph middle school in battle creek , michigan , for not meeting academic and attendance standards .	she 's been battling leukemia since 2012 and has missed several days of school because of the recovery process when rose found out that she had been kicked out of the school .
audrey hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family .	david beckham and david beckham voted the most stylish brit of all time .	audrey hepburn is britain 's number one style icon .
disgruntled viewers have taken to twitter to complain of ' withdrawal symptoms ' .	fans say they have nothing to look forward to now the show is over not quite true: ' the sun has managed to rise in the sky , ' wrote .
christopher nathan may , 50 , is accused of killing tracey woodford , 47 .	she was found at a flat in pontypridd , pontypridd , on friday .	may have been charged with a single charge of murder .	ms woodford was found dead three days later after being found dead .
tim ward , his wife of 38 years , at home in oso , washington , was killed in the death of his wife and his wife in the mudslide in march last year .	an anonymous good samaritan has donated $360 , 000 to pay for a man 's mortgage after he lost everything in the mudflow .
original version of the nissan note was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of more than 60 , 000 drivers .	hot on its wheels is the hyundai i20 mk1 with 81 .	01 per cent and fiat panda mk2 at 81 .	01 per cent and fiat panda mk2 at 81 .	01 per cent and fiat panda mk2 at 81 .	49 per cent .
apples iphones , samsungs galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built - in fm chips .	nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated .	however , nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated .
andrew chan wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island on monday with immediate family present .	this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february .
dan arenson , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special .	he was one of the four american citizens to die at mount everest .	the 33 - year - old is one of four people confirmed to have died .
the 50 - year - old admitted to dr phil mcgraw that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter brooke 's house .	dr . phil: ' was this in a five gallon paint can ? '	support system: three of richards ' four children , chad , 22 and kimberly , 20 , and brooke , 29 , who were there to support their mother .
the ' useyourvoice ' campaign encouraging 18 to 30 - year - olds to vote in the general election .	reality tv star said mr miliband ' definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ' snog , marry or [UNK] .
the st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya , bulgaria , where residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime .	named after the patron saint of bulgaria , the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the zhrebchevo reservoir .
jennifer lopez has completed triathlons .	she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night .	she claims ' sometimes when i get home and i'm not feeling so .
fossils referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics , including its small skull and feet .	these features are more like those seen on long - neck dinosaurs .	the dinosaur has been likened to a platypus , which is one of the most unusual combination of features .
the eossc2 is described as an ' ultra flexible micro - car ' for mega cities .	it can be driven in the traditional way , diagonally and sideways .	the two - seater car can turn on the spot and shrink in size .
22 - year - old has suffered serious injuries after plunging into swimming pool .	man , 22 , has been taken to royal perth hospital with non - life threatening injuries .	the man , who was visiting the city , was taken to the hospital with serious injuries .
rhiannon wilkinson , head of wycombe abbey , claims a ' boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex .	she claims that single - sex schools allow children to retain their ' innocence ' for girls .
ukip leader says his party is now the ' serious challengers ' to labour .	he said the party is ' the serious challenger ' to the party in the north .	he accused the party of ' sneering ' at people who raised issues about immigration .
david lloyd tells media outlets that special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh of livonia , michigan , died sunday .	the 34 - year - old marihugh and 32 - year - old marihugh and 32 - year - old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , were found unresponsive on friday at the bottom of the combat swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek - fort story .
obama 's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible - and comes too early .	he noted that the country 's government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that america could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on tehran anytime soon .
egyptian - themed mansion promises a ' perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa .	millionaire gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property .
frightened youngster was confronted by homeless isa richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down .	richardson is a well - known character in maidstone , kent , who has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines for other offences .
matt lauer and ellen degeneres attended the event in a pre - taped skit on sunday at the daytime emmy awards in burbank , california , on sunday .	matt white was honoured with a lifetime achievement award .
john lord , 86 , went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week .	his family believe he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her .	he died from a ' catastrophic bleed ' to the brain , his family say .	mr lord 's daughter , alison lord , 56 , is believed to have killed himself .
karen bell , 42 , from hull , east yorkshire , met the man on the dating website and the pair exchanged flirty texts - before meeting up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers .	the court heard that the pair began chatting after meeting on free dating site plenty of fish and arranged to meet .
sky launched its buy and keep launched in april 2014 for sky+hd subscribers .	it is now available to everyone in the uk and ireland .	the latest releases on talk talk - owned blinkbox start at 3 . 99 .
vladimir putin has camped out on the polish border after being banned from entering the country for a world war ii memorial ride .	the border guard checks the passport of a member of russia 's pro - russian separatists in ukraine .
pat senior , 66 , has shared her five - bedroom home in bolton , manchester , with the animals , taking in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary .	she estimates that she spends 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills adding another 17 , 000 to the yearly cost of caring .
betheny coyne was diagnosed with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta .	she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family and will be getting married in february .
sbs journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sundayover his tweets which called anzac day ' the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' .	mr winestock said of the memorial: ' anzac day wish: in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers .
kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks americans to attempt the australian accent by saying ' g'day mate , how you going ? '	but when one australian traveller tried to get american 's to repeat it , many were lost for words .	kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us and documented his interactions with locals all around the country .
abad abad , new jersey police officer pedro abad , had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car in his car last month .	abad and officer patrik kudlac were critically injured in the crash , a police say .
colder weather is set to last the first half of may - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after the mercury breached the 25c ( 77f ) mark .	conditions this week are set to be average for april , with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures for most of the country .
the anchor appears on the daily show with jon stewart , is designed to make the broadcaster 's exit from his network .	williams lied about his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times .	williams said he could receive up to $30million .
tamale rocks were performing at chicago bar , cigars and stripes .	owner ronnie lottz said he has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the mirror was ' old [UNK] .
colin pitchfork , 15 , jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two girls .	he was jailed for two years in prison for murder of two counts of murder , two of indecent assault and one of the charges .	the parole board is reviewing the case of the murderer .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was evicted from his four - bedroom home in skelmersdale , west lancashire .	he had to be amputated after he was forced to live in a tent during the winter .
prince harry will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival .	the duchess of cambridge will not be able to meet the new little prince or princess .
the duke of wellington is on display at the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .	it was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to the first time for the battle 's bicentenary .
eben kaneshiro , 35 , was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first - degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12 .	he had a record of 19 - 12 in 31 mma fights since 2002 .
an inspection in two welsh towns found officers and officers would indicate that paying to park may be the exception rather than the rule .	councillors said some of the conversations they overheard between residents and officers in welshpool and llandrindod wells were reluctant to issue tickets .
a man in his 50s , who has only been named as mr zhang , was travelling on his three - wheeled motorbike when he was hit by a car at a busy junction .	he was taken to hospital for his injuries but died shortly after a collision with a lorry .
john burns , who hosts 3aw morning show ross and john with ross stevenson , is alleged to have referred to houli as a ' terrorist ' at a club function at the mcg on friday .	the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns and said he doesn't recall making the comment , and is ' mortified ' by the allegation .
teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams , wrongly bumping up marks and even writing coursework , it has been revealed .	ofqual found that one in five reported that colleagues had written sections of coursework , dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy .
non - identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a hit in the world .	the 27 - year - old interviewed non - hamish and maria mclachlan in the uk .	sunrise vehemently denies the comment , saying ' good on her .
the 2 , 000 designer tote bag , hand - made in japan , was a 50th birthday gift for hampstead woman , sabine smouha , from her husband jeremy , the director of an investments company .	but , when it arrived in britain in 2013 , customs officials confiscated it because nile crocodiles are a endangered species .
archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2 , 000 - year - old human skulls .	when about 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in the sediment of the historic tributary in 2013 .
cleveland cavaliers forward kevin love injured his left shoulder during the first half in game four of the first round of the nba playoffs against the boston celtics on sunday .	olynyk 's right arm became entangled with love 's left arm .	love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room .
naunihal singh woke up great - grandfather ujjal singh , 63 , and slashed him with a kitchen knife at his son and daughter - in - laws home .	he was jailed for at least 17 years after admitting murder .
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens , according to a wildlife survey .	there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in the country today , an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013.
the trio were caught on camera performing a balancing act .	the website set to ' les toreadors ' from ' the living room ' .	skilled:aoki 's instagram page pointed out that the tv show deemed ace australia 's smartest dog in 2014 .
the mark 1 version of reginald mitchell 's famous design was among the first built in march 1940 but spitfire p9374 , once flown by an airman involved in the great escape , never made it to the battle of britain as it crash - landed in may 1940 .	in 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave .
alton hines was waiting for his fianc , 33 - year - old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 , he toldwsbtv .	alton hines was waiting for his fianc , 33 - year - old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 , he toldwsbtv .	alton hines was waiting for his fianc , 33 - year - old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday .
furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at ickworth house in suffolk earlier this year .	move was designed to encourage visitors to dwell and take in atmosphere in the room .
cody knecht , of st .	tammany fire district in louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain .	the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety .
steve ells , the company 's co - ceo , has said ' it 's harder for us to have all non - gmo ingredients ' .	the company has 68 total ingredients and another company 's burrito .
sam dicker , 61 , from london , was part of the earthquake last year .	miss dicker , alex chappatte , 38 , has been trying to raise 45 , 000 for operation .	up to 70 people are still unaccounted for in the avalanche .
brenda finn , a 30 - year - old was bullied at the age of 14 , was diagnosed with alopecia .	she says she is now able to face the world with more confidence .	she is calling for medical tattooing to be available on the nhs .
our milky way galaxy is in the centre , marked by a 3d map of the nearby universe .	it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter .
rapa nui people placed distinctive ' hats ' made of red stone on top of some of the figures heads , more than 700 years ago .	they believe that the hats , or ' pukao' , were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft ( 12 metres ) tall .
stephen gilbert joked that the dog had ' unresolved anger issues ' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand .	mr gilbert said the party was on course to lose at least 20 mps .
ruth bader , who is 82 , will be part of a supreme court hearing that could legalize the practice nationwide .	the supreme court will determine whether states are obliged to recognize gay marriage in the u.s. .
madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9 .	30pm a month later .	the couple had been married for 74 years and died five hours later .
elle macpherson has revealed she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body .	the body 's ph value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is , and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease .
myuran sukumaran has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan 's execution .	mr quilty pledged to fight the death penalty ' with everything i have for the rest of my life' .
jemma gawned , 40 , appeared on the first series of big brother in 2001 .	she said that ' spreading the vibration of love through food ' is the key to her success .	the byron bay - based woman is the ' polar opposite ' of her [UNK] .
sierra pippen , a 20 - year - old daughter , is charged with public urination and public intoxication .	pippen was arrested after getting into a fight with the hotel 's security .	police found pippen outside of the chicago bulls .
david curry , 49 , was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms .	the pub chain has apologised to mr curry , from ashington but said a no - tracksuit policy was in place at the bar since 2013 .
j . m . giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ' swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly .	a video posted to the newspaper 's website sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking giordano as city paper managing editor baynard woods screams , ' he 's a photographer!	</s> he 's press! '	</s> <s> .
sir frank kitson , 88 , is accused in the case of patrick heenan .	he was also accused of being ' confused ' by the legal action .	sir frank said he was confused as to why he was ' commanding ' him .
ancient civilisations such as the romans , greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy , drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years .	the use of nightlife - 10 , 000 years from the history of mount vesuvius is a tavern - city officials installed street .
tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off the traffic app 's police - tracking function .	the waze app , which operates like a free gps navigation tool , allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , congestion , traffic cameras , potholes and more , so that other drivers using waze are warned as they approach the same location .
sharon was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in december 2012 .	she has now slimmed down to commuting to london for her job as a children 's clothes .
researchers found that orchid ' s petal shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins and by tweaking them , they can convert this lip into a standard petals .	the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes , called the ' l ' complex and the ' sp ' complex .
ian merrett , 28 , was accused of sexual harassment for wolf - whistling poppy smart , 23 , right , every day for a month , but he has said she should take it as a compliment mr merrett .
greystone park psychiatric center , in new jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients , but it was home to more than 7 , 500 people .	it is thought to be the largest by footprint in the u.s. and the years of history .
2030 up to 170 million hectares ( 420 million acres ) of forest - equivalent to the combined size of germany , france , spain and portugal - could be lost , conservationists have warned .	research by wildlife charity the wwf identified 11 ' deforestation fronts ' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur .
china has imposed a one - year ban on ivory imports in the country 's history .	the bust came after customs officials received a tip - off in laos and thailand .	china has seized three tons of tusks that were smuggled from congo .
nicola bonn , 34 , wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers wouldnt feel as ' clueless ' .	the problem is the best and most life changing thing that has ever happened to her .
rifaat al - assad , 77 , is being held in the city of saudi arabia .	he has since spent more than 30 years in prison .	he says his family is ' transparent and [UNK] .
tim albin , of the tulsa county sheriff 's office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates , 73 .	bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead eric harris , 44 , after he was tackled to the ground .	video of the killing shows bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident , and apologizing .
james may , 52 , revealed he had prematurely celebrated the three - year deal by ordering a rare 200 , 000 ferrari before clarkson 's sacking after an infamous ' fracas ' with producer oisin tymon .	clarkson , 55 , was sensationally sacked by the bbc last month and richard hammond , 45 , joined may in confirming he will not return to top gear this week .
the 41 - year - old wore a pair of alaa skinny jeans , which retail at 1 , 500 .	the 41 year old wore the boots to cheer on her son david and her son .
chloe and nathan fillion were spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012 .	the actress , who is in a private family monastery , is in croatia .
ellen gallant , a 25 - year - old cardiologist , was trying to climb the world 's tallest mountain when the 7 .	8 magnitude quake struck in the death of 18 people .
mp passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick - start a fresh police investigation .	instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to leicestershire police .	the revelation will heighten fears that the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an establishment cover - up .
two - year - old landen martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgia home on sunday at 12 .	25pm , according to georgia state patrol cpl .	auston allen .	joshua saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including dui , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on monday night .	over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading ' #keephopealive ' on monday .	brisbane , sydney , melbourne and perth also saw solidarity with the duo .
van de ven , 37 , uploaded this photograph on social media in a bid to poke fun of the typical tourist pictures going viral!	</s> <s> an upload on photo - sharing site 4chan requested users connect his finger with the top of the tower , as many tourist pictures aim to achieve the 37 - year - old .
the university of texas a&m , galveston , said that every single student in the approximately 30 - person class would fail because of the behavior he had witnessed during the semester .	the university has said that the failing grades horwitz 's wishes to give out will not hold .
christi shepherd , seven , and her brother robert , six , were killed in a holiday in 2006 .	their father , neil shepherd , and his partner ruth beatson , were close to death in the tragedy .
the author and recipient of monday 's message remain a mystery .	the message was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses .	the author has made a profit from someone screwing up .
jerome sidney barrett , 68 , was found guilty of second - degree murder six years ago .	the mother of a 68 - year - old girl was raped and choked to death in 1975 .	her body was found 33 days after she was murdered by jerome vannatta des barrett , who was murdered .
derek murray , a university of alberta law student , found more than one of the note that cold november day in the edmonton , edmonton , edmonton , california , was the world 's highlight of the day .	he also found anextension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life .	the note has now gone viral .
gigi hadid is one of many in - demand models wanting to book jobs , according to australian manager of vivien 's models catherine mcgill . '	influencer ' divisions are now being added to their ' cool ' portfolio .
harvard - led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time .	scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live .	they used a specially designed microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse .
snp leader nicola sturgeon said she had ' made it clear we're not interested ' in deals .	she said she would act to ' lock ' the tories out of power and prop up a labour government .	tns puts snp on 54 per cent .
security guard from china has touched hearts across the country because he takes his 84 - year - old mother with him to work on the back of his motorbike every day .	lu xincai , who lives in zhejiang province in eastern china , says that he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease .
marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges .	panel has been told ms ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal - hit furness general hospital in cumbria between february 2004 and september 2013 .
michael churton from new york was with four colleagues at the base camp , 17 , 500ft above sea level , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow .	the 38 - year - old believes the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf , which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with .
widow of us navy seal chris kyle has revealed the painful moment she first broke the news to their two children that their father had been murdered .	kyle has given since former marine eddie ray routh was found guilty of capital murder on february 24 for shooting dead chris kyle and his friend , chad littlefield .	he was automatically handed a life sentence without the possibility of parole and taya kyle broke down in tears .
a writer for the archers has revealed that keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes .	mr davies said that parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations .
leo greene , 39 , of the salt lake city , was arrested on monday .	police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging the car .	he was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence .
ronald jebson died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago .	jebson 's final wish was for his death to be secret and victims ' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died .
jef rouner , five - year - old , said his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t - strap sundress to school in houston , texas .	his daughter , five , was ' forced to pick up my daughter 's dress at my first stripperwear .
andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders .	andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday to trying from behind bars to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather so he could collect life insurance money and inherit their house .
driver and vehicle licensing agency is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies all uk plastic photocard licences .	information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the dvlas database , and will have to be checked .
dong hui , 22 , was diagnosed with a bone cancer last month .	the couple had been planning to get married this month in the hospital .	the 22 - year - old has been at his mother 's bedside every day instead of her birthday .
u.s. secretary of state john kerry , left , listens to iran 's foreign minister mohammad javad zarif , right , during diplomatic talks about iran 's nuclear program in lausanne , switzerland .	kerry and zarif met today at the united nations on the sidelines of a conference on the nuclear non - proliferation treaty in which both men are participating for the first time since a framework agreement was reached earlier this month .
mark lowe , 32 , is currently serving a five - year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death .	his wife sarah is now looking after three young children alone .	mark lowe is now serving a drink - fuelled day of fighting at his mum 's house .
42 - year - old entrepreneur - who chronicles his immensely extravagant lifestyle on the photo - sharing site and is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini - clad models - admits ' it 's not that hard to get any girl you want' .
chandni nigam , 19 , was struck by a train at twyford railway station in 2012 .	she had been in a train travelling from her home in february last year .	he said she was ' torturing ' his daughter 's condition .
streaming music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 .	staff analysed data and found people aged around 42 drop their usual playlists which usually contain hits from their listening .
lawyer , wife of three boys , wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight .	her bright pink , long - sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the ldny fashion show and wie ( women: inspiration and enterprise ) award gala at goldsmiths ' hall celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion .
dr kamleh appeared in isis recruitment video at the weekend calling for foreign medics to join him in the city of raqqa .	dr kamleh still remains registered to practice medicine in australia until september 30 .
mason - dixon line: lynyrd skynyrd medleys , mile - long lines for fried chicken , barbecue and draft beer , and a plethora of confederate flags emblazoning everything from belt buckles to motorcycle vests to trucker caps .	but sunday 's party marking the 150th anniversary of the american civil war took about 5 , 000 miles ( 8 , 000 kilometers ) south of the south , in a rural brazilian town colonized by families fleeing reconstruction .
lynn , from chippenham , had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain .	she has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and [UNK] .
sean jefferson , 45 , and 61 - year - old elizabeth jefferson , 37 , died in her cot when she was sickened by her family members .	the couple were given a ' mean and despicable ' and ' despicable ' couple who wanted for ' decoration' .
the licktators royal baby gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley .	the 30 - year - old mother from leeds has collaborated with london - based ice - creamery the licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the royal baby .
joshua sweet , 20 , was freed and given a three - year community order on account of an early plea and having spent just two months in jail awaiting his court appearance .	madhu rai , prosecuting , said sweet broke into the victim 's home and took items including car keys .
ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000 .	since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection .	since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection .
malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel - held territory in eastern ukraine on july 17 , and all 298 aboard were killed .	the dutch government had been warned of the risk of flying over ukraine in the disaster last year .
more than 3 , 000 people were killed in the death of dan fredinburg , who was one of three americans , and his friends and his girlfriend .	his girlfriend max stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his girlfriend on saturday .
the monster iceberg is the 34th iceberg from the ' b ' quadrant of antarctica to be tracked by the nic .	b - 34 is losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent .	it is the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels .
kim davies , 60 , bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where he wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful .	but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling .	davies has now admitted offences relating to the property 's coach .
' nothing more british than the dream of home - ownership ' .	he wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on .	miliband wants to prioritise new homes for local people .
the 4 - time super bowl winner was caught on camera at the white house correspondents ' dinner on saturday .	teigen was smart to include chrissy teigen 's posterior over the weekend , but his girlfriend is already prepared to take a photo .
mother of 12 - year - old girl locked them in the basement for 15 hours without access to food or bathroom .	the mother of the three children used an emergency - only cellphone to call 911 .
letizia , along with her husband king felipe , met with relatives of some of the spaniards who died in the french alps last month .	the flight , which was en - route from barcelona to dusseldorf , had 144 passengers and six crew members on board .
the duke and duchess of cambridge leave the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london .	david cameron said he supports peoples ' right to choose treatment options .	the baby is already believed to be late .
the 51 - year - old rep .	renee aiken said she 's a ' b**ch ' .	the show is called ' the runner - up , ' a reference both to the second season of american idol .	he won a third term by crushing aiken in the new york city .
a person was struck by a train in which a man was injured in a train .	the service was forced to cancel trains on all of its services .	services in and out of the city centre have been severely injured .
fannie randle , who has worked at the university of southern california , was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape - inspiring usc senior andformer gamma phi beta president alicia jewell .
the 29 - year - old spent two years and eight months wearing a compression mask to help put her face back together .	ms vulin spent years in hospital and working with domestic violence and changing the past three years in the supreme court of western .
the $39 .	99 ( 26 ) nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve .	it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68c and 71c ( 155 and 160 f ) for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink it all .
the 43 - year - old placed a wreath at a memorial in the university of denmark over the weekend .	the australian - born royal stood down in a visit to the city of denmark as part of her visit .
experts predict the economy will have grown by 0 .	5 per cent in the first three months of the year , down from a 0 .	5% in the same period in 2014 .
the australian men are expected to be led from their isolated cells in batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track to a placecalled nirbaya .	the offender is then given a final chance to calm down for a maximum of three minutes before the riflemen are ordered to shoot them in the heart .
the plan is to be taken over by the mobile phone networks .	the changes were fought by the nhs , the government and company call centres end up to 20p a minute of the cost .
greg hardy , a 25 - year - old , was forced to abandon his ex - girlfriend .	he was suspended by the nfl just days after the incident in dallas .	hardy was dropped by a judge in charlotte , north carolina .
the 99 .	7 per cent accurate biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like .	an estimated 26 , 000 people in the uk have hiv but are unaware of it .
john mullineux , a chemical engineer from secunda , south africa , was captured by john mullineux in the kalahari desert in south africa .	one of the cheetahs appears to scare it out of its shell and tries to wander off and wander off .
david hawley 's brother says he doesn't ' understand ' the death of his fit and healthy brother , pictured with his wife prue fisher in 2011 led an active lifestyle: .	mr hawley was a father to four children , lucia , 14 , james , 12 , and sybella , eight , all of whom he shared with nicole kidman 's sister antonia before their 2007 split .
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the first three months of the year .	more than two - thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter .	apple didn't report any results for the new apple watch , which it began .
