(CNN) For the first time in eight years, a TV legend returned to doing what he does best.	Contestants told to "come on down!"	on the April 1 edition of "The Price Is Right" encountered not host Drew Carey but another familiar face in charge of the proceedings.	Instead, there was Bob Barker, who hosted the TV game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.	Looking spry at 91, Barker handled the first price-guessing game of the show, the classic "Lucky Seven," before turning hosting duties over to Carey, who finished up.	Despite being away from the show for most of the past eight years, Barker didn't seem to miss a beat.
(CNN) If you're famous and performing the American national anthem, be prepared to become a national hero or a national disgrace.	Facts are facts.	Just ask Vince, Whitney, Roseanne, Jimi and Michael.	Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner."	Sure, he can shred it on "Girls, Girls, Girls" and "Dr. Feelgood," but this is a different story -- a completely different story.	To say Neil butchered the song before the Las Vegas Outlaws Arena Football League game would be unkind to those in the profession.	There's less carnage when butchers are done with their work.	The late Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV.	In the early stages of the Gulf War in 1991, a patriotic America saluted her performance.	Just six months earlier, comedian Roseanne Barr may have established the low-water mark.	The crowd at the San Diego Padres game booed her rendition and President George H. W. Bush called it "disgraceful."	There's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down.	One of the most controversial and beloved versions of "The Star-Spangled Banner" comes from 1969.	Guitar slinger Jimi Hendrix inflamed mainstream America with his psychedelic take on the national anthem to the delight of the Woodstock generation.	And then there's Michael Bolton's version.	Overly wrought songs are his specialty and he does n't disappoint in that department when he sings at the American League Championship Series in 2003.	Bolton belts it out, but there's one little problem -- the words.	Can anyone say crib notes?
(CNN) "A long, long, time ago..." Those five words, when uttered or sung, makes baby boomers immediately think of Don McLean's pop masterpiece "American Pie."	It's hard to believe that his phenomenal 8 1/2 minute allegory, which millions of Americans know by heart, is 44 years old.	All sorts of historical cross-currents play off each other in this timeless song, brilliantly gilded with the unforgettable chorus, which starts as "Bye, Bye, Miss American Pie."	There is no real way to categorize McLean's "American Pie" for its hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high-art rock.	On Tuesday, Christie's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song's lyrics for $1.2 million to an unnamed buyer.	McLean was a paperboy when, on February 3, 1959, he saw that Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson had been tragically killed in an airplane crash in Clear Lake, Iowa.	"The next day I went to school in shock and guess what?"	McLean recalled.	"Nobody cared.	Rock'n' roll in those days was sort of like hula hoops and Buddy had n't had a big hit on the charts since' 57."	By cathartically writing "American Pie," McLean has guaranteed that the memory of those great musicians lives forever.	Having recorded his first album, "Tapestry," in 1969, in Berkeley, California, during the student riots, McLean, a native New Yorker, became a kind of weather vane for what he called the "generation lost in space."	When his cultural anthem "American Pie" was released in November 1971, it replaced Bob Dylan's "The Times They Are A Changin" as the Peoples Almanac of the new decade.	It's important to think of "American Pie" as one would of Henry Longfellow's "Evangeline" or Johnny Mercer's "Moon River" -- an essential Americana poem emanating wistful recollection, blues valentine, and youthful protest rolled into one.	There is magic brewing in the music and words of "American Pie," for McLean's lyrics and melody frame a cosmic dream, like those Jack Kerouac tried to conjure in his poetry-infused novel "On the Road."	Don McLean: Buddy Holly, rest in peace.	Influenced by Pete Seeger and the Weavers, McLean proudly wore the mantle of troubadour in the early 1970s, when "American Pie" topped the Billboard charts, and has never shed the cape.	Wandering far and wide, singing "American Pie" at windblown dance halls in Wyoming and cloistered colleges in New England, at huge amphitheaters in California and little coffee houses in the Hudson River Valley, McLean has performed his global anthem thousands of times.	Yet the encore number never loses its transfixing allure.	When McLean prods audiences by rhapsodizing "and they were singing" everybody spontaneously joins in with the "Bye, Bye" chorus.	Watching McLean deliver his most notable song in concert is to take part in a collective Happening.	What makes "American Pie" so unusual is that it is n't a relic from the counterculture but a talisman, which, like a sacred river, keeps bringing joy to listeners everywhere.	When "American Pie" suddenly is played on a jukebox or radio it's almost impossible not to sing along.	Like "Danny Boy" or "Streets of Laredo" or "Shenandoah," it's eternal.	With illusions to football fields and rock'n' roll, river levees and nursery rhymes, the song cascades along like a boat going down Niagara Falls or a roller coaster that jumps tracks but floats instead of crashes.	After all these years, "American Pie" still makes me feel empowered and yet filled with a sense of loss.	The song is alive and joyful, yet fretful about a world gone wrong.	It is a song that will never die.	A reverie for the ages.	There is a jump to the chorus, which forces the mind to relive the'50s,'60s and'70s, to troll through the back pages of our lives while, like a traditional Irish folksong, it reminds us of fate.	While McLean, the muse, has rightfully not tried to interpret "American Pie," it's fair to surmise that "the king" is Elvis Presley, "Helter Skelter" refers to the Charles Manson murders, the "jester on the sidelines in a cast" is Bob Dylan, and "Jack Flash" the Rolling Stones.	But who knows?	The lyric remains a puzzle open to thousands of spirited interpretations.	As a literary artifact of the early 1970s, there is n't anything to compare to "American Pie."	Normally, I do n't like rankings of literature or songs or even presidents, for that matter.	But the fact that the Recording Industry of America and the National Endowment of the Arts chose "American Pie" as the fifth greatest song of the 20th century speaks to the composition's importance as an enduring piece of pop art.	The other four were "Over the Rainbow" (by Harold Arlen and E.Y "Yip" Harburg), "White Christmas" (by Irving Berlin), "This Land is Your Land" (by Woody Guthrie) and "Respect" (by Otis Redding).	That is fine company.	Quite simply, "American Pie" is one of the greatest songs ever written.	And Tuesday the original lyrics found a new home.
(CNN) The graffiti, written in a French chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years, is plain and stark.	"HJ Leach.	Merely a private.	13/7/16.	SA Australia," reads one inscription.	"HA Deanate, 148th Aero Squadron, USA.	150 Vermilyea Ave, New York City," another says.	"9th Batt Australians, G. Fitzhenry, Paddington, Sydney, N.S.W., 1916 July ; Alistair Ross, Lismore, July," reads a third.	They were World War I soldiers, four of almost 2,000, whose writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near Naours, France, about 120 miles north of Paris.	Photographer Jeff Gusky, who has been chronicling details of the site, describes the inscriptions -- and the underground city in which they were found -- as "breathtaking."	"This is a treasure trove," he said Monday night from his home in East Texas, where he works as an ER doctor.	"Even locally, no one realized what was there."	Gusky, a National Geographic photographer, has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls "The Hidden World of WWI."	The revelations of the underground city, which extends for miles in some directions, have come to light recently only because of a series of events, Gusky said.	The underground city actually dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century.	It was rediscovered in the late 19th century.	During World War I, soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways.	The front was sometimes mere miles away ; the Battle of the Somme, one of the bloodiest in world history, was fought nearby in 1916.	The land was privately owned for many years and generally off-limits to outsiders, said Gusky, but it changed hands in 2013.	The rights to operate it were purchased by a consortium of villages that wanted to promote awareness of the area's history, he said.	Researching the city is a painstaking task.	For one thing, it's dark, so observers generally have n't realized what's in there until they've gone exploring.	Moreover, the maze-like extensiveness of the site has made discovery a slow process.	"They go on and on and on.	They're so elaborate in some places, there are maps carved into stone so the soldiers would n't get lost," he said.	The graffiti looks like it was written yesterday, he added.	Gusky has noted 1,821 names.	About 40% are Australian, with most of the others identified as British.	Fifty-five are Americans, and 662 have yet to be traced.	For Gusky, the graffiti provides a human connection with men who lived a century ago.	In many cases, they just wanted to be remembered, he said.	"Someone could be in this place one day and the next fighting at the front," he said.	Leach, "merely a private," was killed a month later in battle, Gusky observed.	"It could very well have been the last time he recorded his name as a living, breathing human being," he said.	7 things you did n't know about the man who started WWI.
(Billboard) From Channing Tatum twerking for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer's archery fail, there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.	2015 MTV Movie Awards: See the full winners list.	Here are the jokes, performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it.	Best Moments.	Amy Schumer's opener: From a "Boyhood" / HPV joke to nearly flashing J.K. Simmons to her run-in with a cancer support group, Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show (which ca n't come back on TV soon enough).	Plus, her monologue killed: "Half of you know who I am, half of you think I'm Meghan Trainor."	Channing Tatum doing his thing: When the cast of "Magic Mike XXL" presented J.Lo with the Scared As Shit Performance award, she asked them exactly what we were all thinking: "Why are n't you dancing?"	Channing Tatum obliged, popping a twerk (in a suit) onstage in front of Lopez.	"Your turn," he told her.	Sadly, she did not oblige.	Amy Schumer takes on Hillary Clinton, Zayn Malik and more in monologue.	Rebel Wilson's censored moment: Introducing an exclusive clip from "Pitch Perfect 2" as an "exclusive clit" was easily the funniest non-Schumer joke of the entire night.	Even her castmates seemed shocked when she slipped it in.	Fall Out Boy meets Fetty Wap: "Centuries" did n't need a rap breakdown, nor did "Trap Queen" need a punk-rock edge.	But did it sound killer on both counts?	Hell yeah.	Fetty with an electric guitar is something that needs to happen again.	Charli XCX, Ty Dolla $ign & Tinashe: There's a reason Charli gets invited to every MTV awards show: She attacks a pop song with the abandon of a rock'n' roll tidal wave.	"Drop That Kitty" was Tinashe's time to shine, though.	It's only a shame she got about 30 seconds to command the stage.	Kiss Cam: Amy Schumer sensuously kissing Amber Rose just before a commercial break?	Well played, Amy.	Kevin Hart's Comedic Genius Award: While Kimmel's intro jokes were a little one-note (we get it, Kevin is short), it was pretty adorable that Hart brought his kids onstage to accept his Golden Popcorn.	As his son held it, you realized the award was bigger than the kid's head.	MTV Movie Awards: See all the photos.	Robert Downey Jr. accepting Generation Award: His speech was fine (kudos for the "keep your nose clean" quip), but his Avengers castmates taking a knee while he accepted his award was just perfect.	Misfires.	Archery fail: Schumer's bow-and-arrow misfire was a literal misfire.	It was n't a big deal, but the fact that it ruined an entire gag (with Jimmy Kimmel pretending to get shot in the chest) was naturally awkward.	Of course, Schumer poked fun at herself almost immediately.	"Gone Girl" joke: "How good was Gone Girl?	It's the story of what one crazed white woman -- or every Latina -- does when a man cheats on them," Schumer joked.	It was n't awful, just kinda off.	MTV immediately cut to J.Lo laughing like "ummm, OK" -- which is an accurate response.	Vin Diesel sings'Furious 7' Paul Walker tribute song at MTV Movie Awards.	Shailene Woodley speech: Woodley definitely marches to the beat of her own drum, which is part of her appeal.	But halfway through her Trailblazer award acceptance speech, the neo-hippie charm wore off, leaving most people wondering what she was trying to say.	One of those wondering where she was going was Woodley herself, who wrapped up her speech by admitting it had totally gotten away from her.	Zac Efron and Dave Franco: Was the punchline for their whole shtick really just Efron grabbing Franco's balls?	Yes.	Apparently, a man touching another man's junk is still comedy gold in 2015.	Dwayne Johnson: The Rock shouting into the camera about 2014's movie highlights was totally unnecessary.	At this point, MTV has to realize we've heard jokes about "American Sniper", "Gone Girl", "Boyhood" and "Whiplash" for almost a year now, and we're all ready to move on.	But God Bless The Rock for giving it his all.
West of Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) The call from Faleh Essawi, the deputy chief of the provincial council, who we were supposed to be meeting up with, came just as we were about to hit the bridge -- the only safe route from Baghdad to neighboring Anbar province.	"ISIS has taken the east of the city, it's not accessible," he says, sounding frantic, rapidly rattling off the neighborhoods and areas ISIS fighters had just stormed into.	Moments later, we see the impact: An endless stream of humanity, shell shocked, and exhausted.	Parents cradle babies in blankets, some struggle under the weight of their belongings, some carry small plastic bags, while others nothing but the children clutching at their hands.	Cars are not permitted to cross this bridge across the Euphrates.	The government feels that restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into Iraq's capital.	Those too young or too tired to walk pile into metal carts pushed by boys or young men, normally used to carry produce to markets.	An elderly woman sits in one, a child in her arms, a worn down plastic doll in her hand.	Many do n't want to talk, at least not for long.	What they just went through is too raw, too painful.	One man we encounter describes how ISIS fighters commandeered his house.	"We heard clashes in the early morning, and we could n't see the security forces anywhere," he recalls.	"We saw the ISIS fighters, they just came into the house, they did n't say a word.	They just sent a sniper to the roof.	I grabbed my children and ran."	His wife bursts into tears, prompting him to apologize for not being able to talk anymore -- they just want to keep going.	Another older woman, sitting in one of the carts surrounded by her grandchildren, starts sobbing the moment we approach her.	"They took our homes and kicked us out," she cries.	Over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi, which lies 68 miles (110km) west of Baghdad, sending thousands fleeing on foot into the city.	ISIS had already blocked off access from the south months ago, and the west was contested territory.	The east, until now, was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit.	At a hospital in Amriyat al-Falluja, about a 15-minute drive away, a wounded local fighter winces in pain.	He was shot by a sniper in Ramadi that morning as ISIS fighters advanced -- the bullet barely missed his heart.	"We had been warning we could see their movements," he tells us.	"But we just did n't have the force to hold them off.	We did n't leave a single person we did n't call and ask for back up."	But none came.	Hours after our morning conversation we speak to Essawi again by phone.	"Security is collapsing in the city," he screams.	"This is what we warned Baghdad would happen.	Where is Baghdad?	Where is al-Abadi?	"Just God knows if we will survive this," he says and hangs up.	Amriyat al-Falluja regularly comes under attack from rockets and mortars from ISIS positions nearby.	The hospital's façade is scarred by shrapnel.	The wards are full of people injured during these attacks.	Fifteen-year-old Mustafa Ahmed has bandages on his neck, leg, and other parts of his body.	"A mortar fell on our street, one of my neighbors was wounded," he explains.	"We went out to help him and the second one fell on us."	His friend died, he says.	In the next room Amal Ahmed speaks softly.	"I was in the garden and a rocket hit and the shrapnel sliced me open," she says, as tears roll down her face.	"Something fell out of me and I grabbed it and I put it back in and I lay down."	She starts to cry harder.	Her husband was killed by U.S. forces in Fallujah -- another city in Anbar -- in 2003.	Her children have all moved away except her youngest, who broke his arm in the same attack.	"When I see the situation I do n't have hope, it's just getting worse."	A few moments later, we hear two massive explosions from another of the hospital's buildings.	They think it's an ISIS rocket or mortar attack so we take cover along with the Iraqi forces we are with in the hallway, away from the windows.	More explosions go off in the distance.	Then another actually shakes our building.	"Anyone want tea?"	one of the policemen with us asks, laughing as he pours.	"This happens all the time, we're used to it."	The police chief, Major Aref al-Janabi, radios to his men to respond.	Al-Janabi, like so many others, is frustrated with the lack of support from Baghdad.	Earlier, he had taken us to the front lines, a long berm that stretches along the northern and western parts of the town that is dotted with fighting positions.	He says he regularly provides the joint command center with coordinates for ISIS positions, but so far there have been no significant air strikes or reinforcements.	More explosions follow in the distance.	We're quickly moved out and leave the town, heading back towards the bridge and the long, snaking lines of refugees.	An ambulance passes us, trying to force its way through the crowds.	The swell of people fleeing has grown considerably in the last hours -- not surprising given Essawi's dire assessment and warning.	"Ramadi is under siege from all sides," he'd told us earlier, anger mixed with an air of resignation.	"I consider the city to have fallen."	He claimed that 150,000 have fled, scoffing at statements from Iraqi officials in Baghdad that reinforcements have been sent to Ramadi.	He has yet to see them.
(CNN) It's not easy being the Pope.	Not only does he shepherd nearly 1 billion Catholic souls, he also leads a small but morally significant state with envoys and interests in nearly every country.	As scholars like to say, the Vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries.	Sometimes, as when St. John Paul II stood up to Communist Poland, the church's moral and political clout have combined to pack a powerful punch.	At other times, popes have to make a hard choice: Adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of a diplomat?	This Sunday in Rome, Pope Francis faced just such a dilemma.	First, the back story:.	One hundred years ago, more than 1 million Armenians (some estimates run as high as 1.5 million) died at the hand of the Turks.	Many of the victims were part of a branch of Christianity closely aligned with Catholicism.	A slew of historians and at least 20 countries call the killings a "genocide."	(A U.S. resolution to do the same has languished in Congress.)	Turkish officials disagree, arguing that the deaths, while unfortunate, were part of a long-running war that witnessed casualties on all sides.	For their part, previous popes had finessed the genocide question.	John Paul II used the "g" word in 2001, but did n't dare speak it out loud.	Instead, it was tucked into a document signed by the former pontiff and the head of the Armenian church, after they had celebrated Mass together.	Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI called the killings "a great evil" and "terrible persecution" in a speech 2006, but avoided labeling them genocide.	(Benedict found other ways to tick off the Turks, initially opposing their entry into the European Union.)	.	As Pope Francis prepared to celebrate a special Mass Sunday to commemorate a century since the slaughter, Vatican watchers were divided about whether he would use the word "genocide."	He did, but in a roundabout way, by quoting John Paul's document.	"In the past century, our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies," Francis said.	"The first, which is widely considered'the first genocide of the 20th century,' struck your own Armenian people."	The middle phrase comes directly from the document issued 14 years ago by John Paul.	In citing his predecessor, Francis highlighted one of the Vatican's chiefest concerns, especially on matters of moral import: continuity.	Whether holding the line against artificial birth control, declining to ordain female priests or dealing with diplomatic tensions, it sometimes seems as if the church considers inconsistency the most unforgivable of sins.	"The Vatican and the papacy love continuity," said the Rev. Thomas Reese, a Vatican analyst for National Catholic Reporter.	If Francis had not called the Armenian killings a genocide, particularly at such a high-profile event -- the audience included Armenia's President -- it might have been interpreted as a change in church policy, Reese said.	At the same time, Francis did n't want to anger the Turks more than necessary, especially since they have become a key ally against the persecution of Christians by ISIS in the Middle East, which the Pope alluded to in his speech on Sunday.	"The fact that he quoted John Paul is a sign that he's downplaying it," Reese said of the Armenian murders.	"He's telling people: There's nothing new here."	New or not, Turkey was not happy.	The nation recalled its Vatican ambassador for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments, the Turkish Foreign Ministry said.	Turkey also promptly summoned his counterpart, the Vatican's ambassador, for a meeting, Turkish state broadcaster TRT reported.	In a tweet Sunday, Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu called the Pope's use of the word "unacceptable" and "out of touch with both historical facts and legal basis."	"Religious authorities are not places through which hatred and animosity are fueled by unfounded allegations," the tweet reads.	"Hatred" and "animosity" are not words often used to describe Pope Francis.	Because he often shines a sympathetic face on the world, emphasizing mercy over judgment, it's easy to miss the bluntness Francis brings to the bully pulpit.	On matters of doctrine and diplomacy, he may be carrying on Catholic traditions, but in his willingness to engage in geopolitics and the tone that engagement often takes, this pope is decidedly different.	He has helped broker a backroom detente between the United States and Cuba, and invited Israeli and Palestinian leaders for an unprecedented prayer service at the Vatican (after annoying some Israelis with an impromptu prayer at the wall that separates the West Bank from Jerusalem.)	.	But Francis has also suggested that force may be justified to stop ISIS' slaughter of Christians, warned of the "Mexicanization" of Argentina and said that satirists who insult religion should expect a retaliatory punch.	On Monday, the Pope addressed a roomful of priests at morning Mass..	He must have heard the hubbub about his "genocide" remark, but he encouraged his charges to speak frankly, without fear, and to bear the courage of their convictions, just as the early apostles had.	"We can not keep silent about what we have seen and heard," Francis said.	CNN's Gul Tuysuz and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report.
Boston (CNN) When the bomb went off, Steve Woolfenden thought he was still standing.	That was because, as he lay on the ground, he was still holding the handles of his son's stroller.	He pulled back the stroller's cover and saw that his son, Leo, 3, was conscious but bleeding from the left side of his head.	Woolfenden checked Leo for other injuries and thought, "Let's get out of here."	That was before he noticed his Achilles tendon, which resembled transparent tape covered in blood, and his left tibia protruding from his boot.	The boot was next to his left stump, he testified before a federal jury Thursday, the third day in which survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing shared their stories -- often gruesome and heartbreaking -- in the sentencing phase for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.	The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after attempting to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless.	The defense, led by famed death penalty opponent Judy Clarke, is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain Tsarnaev's difficult upbringing.	Clarke will begin those efforts Monday.	A group of Tsarnaev's relatives arrived at Boston's Logan International Airport on Thursday, CNN affiliate WHDH reported, but it's not clear if they plan to testify.	The jury must decide whether the 21-year-old, who has been found guilty of perpetrating the attack with his now-deceased brother, will die for his crimes or spend his life in prison.	Woolfenden, a biomedical researcher for the Novartis Institutes, recalled using his belt as a tourniquet on his leg and trying to comfort Leo.	The boy cried, "Mommy!	Daddy!	Mommy!	Daddy!	Mommy!	Daddy!	Mommy!	Daddy!"	he testified.	Amid the stench of "burning hair, blood, sulfur," a good Samaritan emerged.	He gave Woolfenden another tourniquet and rushed Leo to safety.	"I was completely terrified because I did n't know if I was ever going to see my son again.	There was blood all over the sidewalk, all around me," he said.	Dr. David King, a trauma surgeon at Massachusetts General Hospital, spent 14 years in the U.S. Army as a combat surgeon and served in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as in Haiti after the devastating 2010 earthquake.	He has treated and operated on hundreds of troops injured by improvised explosive devices, he testified, and what he saw in Boston that day was n't much different from the carnage he witnessed in war zones.	"I arrived just as the first wave of casualties had shown up," he said.	"I looked across the patients and I knew immediately, without anyone having to tell me, exactly what the wounding mechanism was."	Heather Abbott had no such experience, so when one of the two bombs exploded, sending her through the doors of a restaurant and into a "puddle of chaos and blood and glass," her instinct was to run.	But she could n't.	Her foot felt like it was on fire, she testified.	Two women helped her as she overheard someone saying a Hail Mary.	She called for her husband.	He picked her up and carried her out of the restaurant.	"I saw blood pouring out of my foot," she said.	She finally got to a hospital, and after three attempts to save her foot, which was missing its entire heel, a doctor told her she had a decision: She could keep her leg and risk a life of excruciating pain or have it amputated below the knee.	She chose the latter.	"It was probably the hardest decision I've had to make," she testified.	Another marathon attendee rendered an amputee by the Tsarnaev brothers' attack, Marc Fucarile, recounted the two bombs going off.	"I stepped back, and the next thing I remember was looking up at the sky," he testified, adding that he remembered "a lot of yelling, a lot of screaming, people crying out for tourniquets."	A nurse was sitting on his chest, and someone said, "Oh, s ***, he's on fire!"	He tried to undo his belt and got a third-degree burn because the buckle was so hot.	A firefighter would later tell Fucarile that he handed his own right leg to the firefighter.	He does n't remember that.	In addition to treating him for severe burns over much of his body, doctors had to cut off a bone and stretch muscle over the stub so that a prosthetic would fit.	He still gets blisters.	"So where the prosthetic attaches on your butt, it rubs and breaks down and creates open wounds," he said.	And though his left leg survived, it was severely burned, his calf muscle was blown off and his heel was shattered, he said.	He hopes to save the left leg, he testified, but it's likely that it will have to be amputated above the knee.	He takes more than 70 pills -- 24 pills in morning, 22 in afternoon, 26 at night -- to cope with his injuries, he said.	One of the most dramatic points in Thursday's testimony involved the death of young Martin Richard.	The prosecution showed close-up video of the 8-year-old, who was only 3 1/2 feet from one of the bombs, according to the FBI's re-creation of the crime scene.	His parents, Bill and Denise, are opposed to Tsarnaev receiving the death penalty and did not participate in the penalty phase, though Bill Richard did testify during the guilt phase.	Dr. King told the court that Martin was especially vulnerable to the blast because he was so small and close to the ground, meaning the shrapnel more easily reached his head and torso.	It's highly unlikely the boy died instantly, King said.	Explaining that Martin died of rapid blood loss, King testified, "Receptors are generally not responsive to cutting.	If you happen to be awake and someone cuts your bowel or liver, it generally does not hurt.	What hurts is the stretching and twisting.	... Intestines were pulled and twisted ; that would have caused visceral type pain."	Woolfenden, the biomedical researcher, recalled seeing Martin and his mother shortly after the good Samaritan took Woolfenden's son, Leo, to safety.	"I saw Martin's face, and I could see a boy that looked like he was fatally injured," he said,.	Martin's hair was singed, his eyes had rolled back into his head and his mouth was agape.	As for Martin's torso, "I saw an immense amount of blood.	I was really, really terrified," Woolfenden said.	He recalled Denise Richard pleading with her son, saying, "please" and "Martin" over and over.	Woolfenden placed his hand on Denise Richard's back, he said.	She turned to ask Woolfenden if he was OK.	He said he was, and she turned her attention back to Martin.	But no response came.	According to testimony, Martin's aorta was nearly severed and he was eviscerated by shrapnel from the blast.	He bled to death on the sidewalk, and the last thing he probably felt was excruciating pain from the force of the blast twisting his internal organs.	CNN's Patrick Cornell contributed to this report.
Melbourne, Australia (CNN) A man stands on a beach in a distant land.	Waves lap his ankles.	He wades through the gentle dawn light, arms outstretched, his head held high.	He is fully dressed ; not a tourist but a freedom fighter.	A photograph of this man, beamed around the world, becomes a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty.	It is 2015.	The man is Peter Greste.	If you thought the man might have been an Anzac on the shores of Gallipoli, such is the power of persuasion.	It's easy to lead a horse to water when, in the centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign, our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance.	The sum total of television programming, beer advertising, political grandstanding and opportunistic marketing suggests that the historical legacy of Australia's involvement in the first world war boils down to a simple equation: young (white) man plus distant beach equals sacrifice.	There is nothing intrinsically wrong with military commemoration that honors the dead.	Last weekend I planted Gallipoli rosemary in my backyard ; part of the proceeds go to the Avenues of Honour, a national project to preserve and restore Australia's living memorials.	More objectionable is the fact that war remembrance is played like it is a zero sum game.	To widen the scope of historical tribute, and also recall the words and deeds of the Australian men and women who fought against the prescribed route of militaristic sentiment, is to risk being branded disrespectful and divisive.	But the unassailable fact is that the first world war ripped Australia asunder.	Even at the time, the Great War itself was divisive, a historical reality belied by today's bland, blanket coverage of "the Anzac spirit".	Australia's participation in the war was contested from the outset.	On August 11, 1914, veteran political campaigner Vida Goldstein wrote in her Woman Voter newspaper: "It is a fearful reflection on 2,000 years of Christianity that men have rushed into war before using every combined effort to prevent this appalling conflict."	As she had done 20 years earlier in mobilizing forces around the issue of female suffrage, Goldstein rallied her own army of foot soldiers with fighting words.	"The time has come for women to show that they, as givers of life, refuse to give their sons as material for slaughter."	Australian and New Zealand women had a unique advantage in shaping public debate: the vote.	"The enfranchised women of Australia are political units in the British Empire," Goldstein argued, "and they ought to lead the world in sane methods of dealing with these conflicts."	Goldstein's early entreaties failed to bite with the general populace.	Under the newly legislated War Precautions Act, the Woman Voter suffered censorship, leading Goldstein and her Women's Peace Army to fight on multiple fronts: "We are fighting for Civil Liberty and against Military Despotism."	Around the nation, trade unionists opposed to "the capitalist war" joined the movement.	Australia had the only entirely voluntary military service among the Allied forces ; less than 40% of eligible men signed up to fight "for King and Country."	As the carnage at Gallipoli brought home the realities of war, recruitment fell and peace activism became more widespread.	General strikes halted industry, as workers reacted to the food shortages, unemployment and rising poverty that threatened the social accord of "the Working Man's Paradise."	With enlistments falling away in 1916, Prime Minister Billy Hughes pushed for conscription and pushed through the Unlawful Associations Act.	Groups that voiced opposition to the war, like the International Workers of the World, were banned and dissidents were jailed for publishing material "likely to cause disaffection or alarm".	When waterfront workers and coal miners went on strike, the War Precautions Act was invoked to send them back to work.	In September 1916, the Sydney Twelve were arrested and tried for treason.	"Fifteen years for 15 words" was how one of the prisoners described his crime and punishment.	The conscription referendums of October 28, 1916, and December 20, 1917, became a massive rallying point for people who opposed the war -- or the federal government's domestic policies.	There were diverse reasons for that opposition, including the anti-British sentiments of Irish Catholic Australians.	In Melbourne, the meeting place for such public debate was Yarra Bank, a pocket of land nestled between what today is Birrarung Marr and the Rod Laver Arena.	Anti-conscription demonstrations saw up to 100,000 people gather on the dusty banks of dirty brown Yarra River.	Most protest meetings were peaceful, but one became infamously violent.	"Riotous scenes at Yarra Bank", headlines around the nation proclaimed, when a demonstration organized by the Women's Peace Army in the week before the 1916 referendum turned nasty and returned servicemen began to attack female speakers.	Both conscription referendums ultimately failed.	The Australian Dictionary of Biography contains profiles of 174 anti-conscriptionists, many of whom went to jail, including Vida Goldstein's compatriots Adela Pankhurst and Jennie Baines.	Baines was imprisoned for refusing to pay the fine she was issued for flying a red flag at Yarra Bank in 1918.	She is reputedly the first Australian prisoner to go on a hunger strike.	Other protesters were deported.	As historian Janet Butler reminds us: "It does take a special kind of bravery to stand against the tide."	The enduring legacies of the first world war emanate beyond the battlefields of Gallipoli, manifested not only in the "shattered Anzacs" whose families bore the burden of care, but also in the class and sectarian divisions that shaped Australia's social and political relations in the 20th century.	Lest we also forget that the democratic freedoms we hold dear today -- freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, freedom of speech -- were won in battles fought on home soil by courageous women and men who sacrificed much, but are still accorded little recognition.	Perhaps, by the 125th anniversary of the Gallipoli campaign, when we again celebrate our national liberation narratives, we will come to associate riverbanks, as well as beaches, with the potent ebb and flow of freedom.	Copyright 2015 The Conversation.	Some rights reserved.
(CNN) Sophisticated, glamorous and spacious -- when the super-rich go house-hunting they are searching for something special.	Real estate in London's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers' eye.	Mayfair, Kensington and Chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite -- and are now welcoming a new wave of African investors.	"The Africans who are coming into London now are Africans who themselves have worked for their money," explains Bimpe Nkontchou, a British-Nigerian wealth manager based in London.	"They have grown in industry and are actually part of the exciting story of the African renaissance," she continues.	"It's bringing to London the best of the continent."	These investors are having a considerable impact on London's property market and they mainly come from just six countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal.	Of these, Nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the British capital -- typically spending between $22 and $37 million on securing a property, according to luxury property agents Beauchamp Estates.	Their research shows that over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London.	"The new international African is very well-traveled," explains Nkontchou.	"Educated in the U.S., UK and different parts of Europe their taste is definitely more modern and clean."	'Safe-Haven' Owning a home in post codes like W1 or W8 -- around the corner from Kensington Palace -- means more than having a place to lay your head.	These buildings are investments which are expected to gain even bigger value in the coming years.	High-end auction house Sotheby's says that foreign investors see London as a "safe haven" for prime property investments, and ranks the city as the second most important hub for ultra high-net-worth homes.	The only spot more important on the planet is New York City.	For evidence that London still attracts high-end buyers, look no further than the sale of a penthouse in Mayfair which fetched $40 million earlier this year.	Educated thinking.	As well as an intelligent investment, many of the African buyers see these houses as a way of maintaining long standing cultural ties with London -- and it's here they want to send their children to school.	Harrow, Eton, Cheltenham Ladies College are all among the list of respected institutions that teach the offspring of wealthy Africans.	The Nigerian Embassy in London calculates that Nigerian nationals now spend over $446 million per year on fees, tutoring and accommodation at British schools and university.	"West African clients are very much driven by the need to educate their children," says Nkontchou.	"Education usually means putting the children on an international stage, and that's one reason why this is feeding into the demand for property in London."	Indeed, education industry experts ICEF Monitor say there were over 17,500 Nigerians studying in British universities in 2012 -- about 1,000 more than the 2009/10 academic session.	And experts are expecting this trend to continue.	"Virtually all the transactions are for end use, not rental investment, which indicates that the African buyer market in London has significant room for growth," says Gary Hersham, director at Beauchamp Estates.	"African buyers or luxury tenants in London are currently where the Russians and Ukrainians were five years ago.	They have the resources and desire to purchase or rental luxury homes in Prime Central London," he adds.	"It is going to be the African century.	"More from Marketplace Africa.	Read this: Africa's green lean speed machines.	Read this: African designs rocking art world.	Editor's Note: CNN Marketplace Africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent's key industries and corporations.
(CNN) Another controversy has erupted from the press tour for the soon-to-be-blockbuster Marvel's "Avengers: Age of Ultron."	After Robert Downey Jr. walked out on an interview, his co-stars Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner found themselves in hot water Wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview.	When asked by Digital Spy about the character Black Widow's flirtations with the other superheroes, Renner responded "She's a slut," and Evans, laughing, added that she is a "complete whore."	Joking or not, fans on social media did n't take it lightly.	By Thursday, both actors apologized.	CNN obtained a statement from Renner saying, "I am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone.	It was not meant to be serious in any way.	Just poking fun during an exhausting and tedious press tour."	Evans also released a statement: "Yesterday we were asked about the rumors that Black Widow wanted to be in a relationship with both Hawkeye and Captain America.	We answered in a very juvenile and offensive way that rightfully angered some fans.	I regret it and sincerely apologize."	Many on social media accepted his apology, but thoughts on Renner were mixed.	With one week left until its release, the "Avengers" might want to steer clear of controversy from here on out.
(The Hollywood Reporter) Geoffrey Lewis, a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator Clint Eastwood as his pal Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose" and its sequel, has died.	He was 79.	Lewis, the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis, died Tuesday, family friend Michael Henderson said.	No other details were immediately available.	Lewis began his long association with Eastwood in "High Plains Drifter" (1973).	He also appeared with the actor in "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot" (1974), "Bronco Billy" (1980), "Pink Cadillac" (1989) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997).	Lewis scored a Golden Globe nomination for playing bartender Earl Tucker on the 1980s CBS sitcom "Flo," the spinoff of "Alice" that starred Polly Holliday, and he had recurring roles on such series as "Falcon Crest" and the syndicated "Land's End."	Hollywood Reporter: "Fast 8" nowhere near starting line.	Lewis portrayed real-life Prohibition-era gangster Harry Pierpont in "Dillinger" (1973), and his résumé also includes such notable films as "The Great Waldo Pepper" (1975), "The Wind and the Lion" (1975), "Lucky Lady" (1975), "The Return of a Man Called Horse" (1976), "Heaven's Gate" (1980), "Catch Me If You Can" (1989), "The Lawnmower Man" (1992), "The Man Without a Face" (1993), "Maverick" (1994) and "The Devil's Rejects" (2005).	Hollywood Reporter: Acclaimed satirist Stan Freberg dies.	The actor also stood out as a gravedigger turned vampire in the 1979 Tobe Hooper CBS miniseries "Salem's Lot," an adaptation of the Stephen King novel.	Lewis had appeared on such 1970s TV shows as "Then Came Bronson," "Bonanza" and "The Name of the Game" before scoring a minor role as a cowhand in "The Culpepper Cattle Co." (1972).	Later, he showed up on such series as "Mod Squad," "The Waltons," "Police Woman," "Mork & Mindy," "Lou Grant," "Gun Shy," "Magnum, P.I." and "The X-Files."	Lewis was a co-founder of the spoken-word performance group Celestial Navigations, working with musician and songwriter Geoff Levin.	People we've lost in 2015.	© 2015 The Hollywood Reporter.	All rights reserved.
(CNN) Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory" -- one of our six suggested things to watch this week.	1.	"The Big Bang Theory," Thursday 8 p.m. ET, CBS.	Sheldon and Leonard's moms are back, and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season.	TV's top comedy will see the return of Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf as the mothers of Leonard and Sheldon, respectively.	Seeing as they're two of the most talented actresses on television, we should be in for a great episode, as the pair drive their sons crazy.	2.	"Saturday Night Live," Saturday May 2 at 11:30 p.m., NBC.	Scarlett Johannsson is the host, the day after her new blockbuster "Avengers" movie opens nationwide.	3.	"Mom," Thursday 9:30 p.m., CBS.	Allison Janney continues to deliver Emmy-worthy performances in this underrated Chuck Lorre dramedy.	The season finale is this week.	4.	"Backstrom," Thursday 9 p.m., Fox.	Time will tell if the Rainn Wilson crime drama comes back in the fall, but fans of the quirky series wo n't want to miss the season finale.	5.	"Blue Bloods," Friday 10 p.m., CBS.	The Tom Selleck drama concludes its two-part season finale, although its future is in question.	6.	"Younger," Tuesday 10 p.m., TV Land.	This charming comedy from the creator of "Sex and the City" just got picked up for a second season.	Now is a great time to tune in as Sutton Foster and Hilary Duff deal with a secret generation gap that one of them does n't know exists.
(CNN) The Baltimore mother who slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest told CNN on Wednesday she was n't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son.	"Not at all," Toya Graham told CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360 ˚" in an interview that aired Wednesday night.	"He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing."	The video of Graham yanking her son, Michael Singleton, and slapping him with a right hand as CNN affiliate WMAR recorded has led to the Internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear.	Many people have praised the unemployed, single mother of six for going to the Mondawmin Mall and getting her son away from the escalating violence.	Graham told Cooper that she saw her son with a brick in his hand, and she lost control of her emotions and told him to drop it.	Wednesday night: Across United States, protests in support of Baltimore demonstrators.	"I did (get emotional).	You know, once he threw that rock down I said,'You were n't brought up like this,'" Graham said.	He's not a perfect child, but he's also not a thug, she said.	The 16-year-old boy said he understood that his mother was there looking out for him.	"She did n't want me to get in trouble (with the) law.	She did n't want me to be like another Freddie Gray," he said, referring to the 25-year-old man who died of a severe spinal injury after being arrested by Baltimore police.	Gray's death has sparked daily protests over police brutality.	There have also been riots and looting that prompted the city to put a curfew into effect.	Graham said her son told her the night before the violence at the mall that something was up.	She told him then and the next morning not to go.	He swore to her he would n't.	Her motherly sense kicked in when she heard school had closed early and the mall was shutting down, too.	She went to the mall and focused on the teens who were tossing rocks and bricks.	There he was, in sweatpants she recognized.	They made eye contact.	He had a brick in his hand, and that set her off.	Wednesday night: Marchers back in the streets of Baltimore.	"I was so angry with him that he had made a decision to do some harm to the police officers," she said.	She yelled at him to put the brick down.	Singleton said he had seen her, but it did n't make sense that his mother would be there.	But when he heard her voice, he realized it really was his mom -- and he was in big trouble.	Then the camera captured her memorable smackdown.	"It was just World War III from right there," he said, showing some humor about the incident.	Graham noticed the TV crew but did n't think anything of it.	And she did n't care.	"I was n't there to be recorded.	I was there to get my child," she said.	Tameka Brown, one of Graham's five daughters, told CNN on Tuesday it was n't that hard for her mom to spot her 16-year-old half-brother.	"She knows her son and picked him out.	Even with the mask on, she knew," Brown said.	Brown said her mother is always looking out for her children.	"She has always been tough and knows where we are at," Brown said.	Graham said she tries to steer her son away from potential trouble and troublemakers.	"As long as I have breath in my body I will always try to do right by Michael and show him what's going on out in society does n't have to be you," she told CNN.	Her son said that once they got home from the mall he understood why she pulled him out of the crowd.	"I was embarrassed a little bit, until she just started talking to me when we got home," he said."	(She was) just telling me she did it because she cared about me.	And it was n't to embarrass me, but because she cared."	CNN's Elise Miller and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report.	Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET.	For the latest from AC360 ° click here.
(CNN) It was a masterful performance.	I watched in awe on Thursday as cardiothoracic surgeon and celebrity talk show host Mehmet Oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore.	I should have expected that Dr. Oz would keep standing in the face of charges from a group of colleagues that he pushed "quack treatments... for personal financial gain."	And thanks to the ineptitude of his critics this round, he may have actually boosted his media empire.	But he's increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.	If Dr. Oz was ever going to go down, surely his ship would've sunk last summer in the wake of his disastrous testimony before a Senate subcommittee.	He was ostensibly invited to speak as an expert witness about bogus weight loss products,.	But Sen. Claire McCaskill, chairwoman of the Senate's Consumer Protection Panel, instead made him her chief example of the kind of snake oil salesmen that keep hoodwinking consumers into thinking there's a quick fix for their expanding waistlines.	John Oliver subsequently eviscerated Oz on his hit HBO show "Last Week Tonight."	In a segment that's now garnered over 6 million YouTube views, Oliver makes quick work of Oz's claims about "magic" green coffee beans, a product that's now earned a $9 million FTC fine for its false marketing claims.	Despite his utter humiliation, Dr. Oz soldiered on, with his university and hospital continuing to stand by him, and with Harpo Productions and Sony, who co-produce "The Dr. Oz Show," fully behind his program.	If the U.S. Senate could n't bring him down, what made this particular collection of 10 doctors think they could do it with their recent letter to Columbia University, where Dr. Oz holds a tenured professorship and administrative position in the Department of Surgery and performs his duties at Columbia-affiliated New York Presbyterian Hospital?	The doctors insisted that the university must disassociate itself from Dr. Oz for his now well-established tendency to promote cure-alls more befitting 1915 than 2015.	Turnabout is fair play.	And Oz and his producers responded with alacrity, slicing and dicing his ill-prepared challengers with an investigative segment that would've made "Dateline" proud.	He and his team score points with me for pointing out the media's own failings in delightedly circulating the letter without looking into the backgrounds of anyone involved.	It's a simple matter to question ulterior motives when the letter itself takes pains to highlight Oz's critical attitude toward GMO foods, not one of his greatest indiscretions by a long shot.	Dr. Oz after all has conducted experiments on his TV audience, apparently in violation of the rules of his own academic medical center.	He has a propensity to spout laughably definitive statements with little to no scientific support, such as his advice that "every kid in America ought to be on Omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin D from either the sun or a pill" because this regimen will help them withstand concussions.	Instead of mounting a defense of the indefensible claims he delivers so easily and often, Dr. Oz routed his critics by quickly pivoting to the undercurrents of their letter.	He correctly pointed out that several of the letter's signatories are GMO industry shills.	One of the writers campaigned against a California proposition requiring GMO labeling, and one of the bunch even served time for felony Medicaid fraud.	These characters never stood a chance in tipping the scales against Dr. Oz, but they got their headlines nonetheless.	Dr. Oz was able to transition their critique of his apparent disregard for science on his program into an easily vanquished attack on his straightforward stand for consumers' right to accurate product labeling.	When my wife first brought the letter to my attention, I immediately wanted to know whether these were Columbia physicians.	This whole affair would've played out quite differently if a slate of credible colleagues based at his own institution were coming out against Dr. Oz.	So far they've made no demand for his resignation, though some colleagues made their discomfort public in an op-ed for USAToday last week.	Dr. Oz is well-aware that some colleagues question him, discussing that tension in his Time magazine op-ed.	He says he does n't expect all physicians to understand his approach to health promotion, where he's willing to entertain just about everything, even seances.	The closed, physician-only social network Sermo issued Dr. Oz numerous questions from its membership, none of which Dr. Oz answered.	They are revelatory of physician attitudes toward him nonetheless.	One doc asked Dr. Oz how he could keep up with the fast-changing world of cardiothoracic surgery and carry on with his show every weekday.	Another asked him how he knows so much about so many areas of medicine -- "Ru board certified n all these areas?"	.	Both types of questions show the profound disconnect between most physicians, who tend not to speak unless they are certain in their expertise on a topic, and the way the media industry works.	Dr. Oz's show does n't require he stay up late at night prepping for the next day -- he has an office full of production staff behind him.	Let's take it as a given that not every physician across America, or at Columbia, has to agree with what Dr. Oz says on his program.	I certainly do n't.	Does he have the right to say it?	Yes, but not without challenge.	A real case can be made that Dr. Oz has used his media megaphone to do harm as well as good.	He is now a polarizing figure, and while Columbia University should be lauded for protecting the free speech of its academic staff, the equation with Dr. Oz is becoming increasingly complex.	He's no longer simply good PR for the University and New York Presbyterian Hospital, which is often featured in his show.	The letter writers were correct about one thing: Columbia's reputation is now linked with the Big Kahuna standing right out in front.
(CNN) It's not going to be enough to slake the thirst of the elusive Mars bunny, but scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet during the day could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night.	Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night and then keep it from freezing despite the extreme cold.	Researchers are n't saying they've seen direct evidence of brine hiding out in the Martian night.	But they say the new study -- based on a full year of monitoring of temperature and humidity conditions by the Mars Curiosity rover in Gale Crater -- does seem to bear the theory out.	"Gale Crater is one of the least likely places on Mars to have conditions for brines to form, compared to sites at higher latitudes or with more shading," said Alfred McEwen of the University of Arizona at Tucson, a co-author of the new report.	NASA chief scientist:'Indications' of alien life by 2025.	"So if brines can exist there, that strengthens the case they could form and persist even longer at many other locations," possibly explaining channels seen on Mars that appear be formed by running water, he said.	Researchers say Mars may once have had an sea as extensive as Earth's Atlantic Ocean, and Curiosity has found evidence of ancient streambeds and a lake on the planet.	The vast majority of that water has been lost to space over the eons, leaving Mars an overwhelmingly dry and inhospitable place.	The new study does n't change the picture for life on Mars.	The researchers say the temperatures they measured are too low and water too scarce "to support terrestrial organisms" (sorry, bunny fans).	But scientists say evidence of water ice at the planet's poles and now more evidence toward the theory of widespread brines keeps them hoping they'll find evidence that life at least once existed there.	"Liquid water is a requirement for life as we know it, and a target for Mars exploration missions," lead author Javier Martin-Torres said in a statement.	"Conditions near the surface of present-day Mars are hardly favorable for microbial life as we know it," he said, "but the possibility for liquid brines on Mars has wider implications for habitability and geological water-related processes."	In other words, we'll keep looking.	Mars is the next step for humanity -- we must take it.
(CNN) Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day.	Here's the announcement presidential candidate Hillary Clinton should make:.	"Today in America, women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn.	And the gap is even greater for women of color.	That's unconscionable.	As president, my top priority will be fixing inequality and ensuring that 100% of the population is paid 100% of what they're worth.	And so, I'm announcing that if elected president, I will take a 23% pay cut, equivalent to the current gender wage gap, to stand in solidarity with working women in America.	And I wo n't take a raise until every woman in America gets a raise, too."	April 14 was n't just chosen at random as Equal Pay Day.	It's based on a calculation: For women to make the same amount of money that men made in 2014, they'd have to work until April 14, 2015.	A woman on average loses $431,000 in pay over the course of a 40-year career.	Merely closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty.	And at a time where Republicans are still, bizarrely, trumpeting more tax breaks for business and the rich to stimulate the economy, closing the pay gap would put money in the pockets of working people who would actually spend and stimulate real growth.	The new women warriors: Reviving the fight for equal rights.	So here's the perfect opportunity for Hillary Clinton to put her money where her mouth is, literally.	In her campaign launch and personal rebrand, Clinton is clearly trying to portray herself as a woman of the people, a populist fighter for the middle class.	"Everyday Americans need a champion," Clinton said in her campaign launch video, "and I want to be that champion."	Clinton has deftly put her finger in the wind and sensed the winds of populism blowing through America.	Indeed, the fact that many Democratic voters still clamor for a less pro-war, less pro-Wall Street, more Elizabeth Warren-like alternative to Clinton is an ever-present thorn in the otherwise blooming garden of Clinton's inevitability.	Opinion: The myth of Equal Pay Day.	With her video, Clinton has signaled a clear desire to ground herself and her candidacy in the soil of populism.	But can a wealthy white woman who once sat on the board of Walmart, has already lived in the White House, collects six-figure speaking fees and does n't seem to own a pair of jeans really inhabit the portrait of a populist fighter?	This is where a good ol' - fashioned political stunt would come in handy.	And make no mistake about it, I'm recommending a political stunt.	Let's call a spade a spade.	Hillary Clinton is a very rich person.	While she's certainly not the first rich person to run for president, her wealth -- and the related perception of being out of touch with ordinary Americans -- is an obstacle in her candidacy.	The difference between the current standard presidential salary of $400,000 a year and the 77 cents-on-the-dollar version of that salary, or $308,000, is probably a drop in the bucket in Clinton's bank account at this point.	And yet the symbolic power is profound.	Because what Clinton would be reminding us is that across America, the aggregate salaries of all working women is 23% less than the aggregate salaries of all men.	78 cents on the dollar: The facts about the gender wage gap.	Thanks to the hacked Sony emails, we saw that even top female stars and executives in Hollywood are paid less than their male counterparts.	What more powerful message could the potential first female president send than literally signifying that nationwide inequity in her own salary?	Clinton would n't just be saying she stands with the working women of America, she'd be showing it.	Is it offensive to suggest that the first female commander in chief should be paid 23% less than her male predecessors for doing exactly the same work?	Yes.	And that's the point -- to use her status to highlight the offensive gender wage gap and what Clinton, as president, would do to fix it.	Yes, such stunts are trite and theatrical.	They're also effective, especially in our increasingly short-attention-span, it-only-happened-if-you-can-tweet it, symbolism-over-substance culture.	Politics used to be about clunky people (mostly men) debating complex policies.	Now it's about polished memes and even more polished candidates.	Policy (I hope) still matters, but we're as likely to debate a candidate's "image" as her or his "substance."	The truth is that stunts and theatrics are now part and parcel of politics, as they are in our culture in general.	That does n't mean they ca n't also serve a noble purpose, in highlighting important problems and inspiring solutions.	Map: Where the gender pay gap is the widest.	Clinton did an arguably brilliant thing in her campaign launch, framing her video and presidential bid as not about her but the American people.	In fact, Clinton did n't even appear in the video until the very end -- it was all about middle-class Americans, working hard, trying to get by and get ahead.	And then we see Hillary, who wants to help.	Hillary Clinton ca n't change who she is, the baggage attached to her by both the right and the left, rightly or wrongly.	But she can change what she does going forward, how she shows up and signifies herself as a voice not for the status quo and the establishment -- but for ordinary Americans who need change.	If Clinton wins, her presidency will indeed be symbolic and historic.	And it will be significant if she does something to change the lives of the 158 million women in America.
(CNN) If newly revised NYPD training materials are approved by a federal judge, new cadets could be taking courses reminding them "not to engage in racial profiling."	The proposed training materials, overseen by appointed federal monitor Peter Zimroth, were submitted to Manhattan Federal Court judge Analisa Torres on Monday for approval.	They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes" and to "not imitate the speech patterns" of others.	"Do not engage in racial profiling," the training materials read.	"It is against the law.	It violates fundamental democratic precepts and freedoms.	It violates this Department's policies.	It is offensive.	It violates your responsibility to treat people equally.	It diverts us from catching real criminals.	It alienates us from people who need us, and hurts our ability to do our job.	You can probably think of other reasons not to do it, but the point is that you will not do it."	The training notes also instruct new cadets "not to use terms or words that devalue groups of people or stereotype them" and "not to imitate speech patterns of other racial, ethnic and class groups when communicating cross culturally" because "they appear disingenuous, artificial, and possibly racist."	The revised training notes, which include 140 pages of instruction and PowerPoint slides, are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the New York Police Department's "Stop, Question and Frisk" practice unconstitutional.	The NYPD has said the policy -- in which police stop, question and frisk people they consider suspicious -- was used to deter crime.	The practice had been widely criticized.	Police Department figures showed that nearly nine out of 10 people "stopped and frisked" in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic, though New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has said 90% of those stopped were innocent.	"The current training materials had not undergone a comprehensive review for some time... [ and ] did not address some important subjects or account for some changes in NYPD policies and law," Zimroth wrote in a cover letter to Torres.	"All parties agreed it was essential that the materials be rewritten for the current class to reflect current law and policy."	The NYPD collaborated with Zimroth's team in crafting the final training materials.	They will now "review their implementation in terms of our current and ongoing practices," said an NYPD spokesperson in an email to CNN.	The Patrolmen's Benevolent Association declined to comment.	The materials also provide historical legal information on proper "stops" and offers detailed procedures for patrolling buildings for criminal activity.	They also give instructions on how an officer should lawfully conduct him or herself when engaging with the public.	"Remember that a courteous, professional and respectful police officer who illustrates the opposite of bias and discrimination helps create a partnership with the community and builds rapport with the people in it.	"The result is that the citizens become our allies and, in turn, policing becomes safer and easier.	This enhances our effectiveness and increases our pride and pleasure in what we do," the notes read.	If approved, the new training materials will be integrated into the class curriculum for the current class of cadets.	They are expected to graduate in June.
(CNN) Russian President Vladimir Putin shrugged off repeated questions about the impact of Western sanctions on his nation during a nationally broadcast annual Q&A session.	"Sanctions are sanctions," he said.	"As far as sanctions are concerned... (they're) about the need to constrain our development," not just about Ukraine and Crimea.	Western sanctions were implemented after Moscow annexed Crimea and pro-Russian separatists battled Ukrainian government forces in the nation's east.	Putin predicted the sanctions would not end soon.	On the Middle East, the Russian leader defended lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran.	"We need to encourage our Iranian partners," Putin said, referring to a preliminary deal to limit Iran's nuclear program.	Sanctions against Iran have had a dramatic impact on the nation's economy.	On Israeli and Western fears that such a system would embolden Iran, Putin scoffed.	"Iran is not a threat to Israel at all," he said.	"It is a defense weapon."	Putin's annual exercise is fascinating for ordinary Russians, who normally get him in closely managed doses on state-run television.	These sessions are live and can go on and on.	Last year, he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes.	In 2013, it was a record-setting four hours and 47 minutes.	Organizers said public interest was especially strong this year, with 2.4 million questions submitted.	Of course, critics of the Kremlin slam the entire event as Russia's imitation of democracy in action.	It's hard to imagine a truly critical question, they say, getting aired on national television there.	In fact, it's best not to look at this event as an opportunity for Russians to question their leader at all.	Instead, it is more like a highly produced, highly choreographed chance for their leader to speak to them, and to the world.	Last year, there was a "surprise" appearance by NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden, who was granted asylum in Russia.	He addressed Putin by video link, quizzing Putin about Moscow's own surveillance practices.
(CNN) They are superstars flown in from across the globe -- and they probably had more legroom than you.	The world's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals.	The man who arranged their travel says, for horses, it's business class all the way.	"There are two horses per box," explains Tim Dutta, who oversaw the loading of more than $150 million in equine talent onto a Qatar Airways flight at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport earlier this month.	"We pay attention to each horse's little idiosyncrasies and requirements -- do they like wet hay, or not?	Do we use sea salt to encourage them to drink?	"I like the horses to have some quiet time too, they need that.	So when the aircraft is at cruise then they are left alone for a while, to have a snooze and relax, without being bothered by anyone."	No horse is snoozing now.	The flights are over and they're in Las Vegas to work.	Vegas is home to the finals for the sixth time since first hosting showjumping in 2000.	The venue is the Thomas & Mack Center, a stone's throw from the Strip, which had the distinction of being opened by Frank Sinatra and Diana Ross in 1983.	Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week's event, which boasts an $8 million budget.	Expect Elvis Presley beaming down from the Jumbotron ; chefs from the Bellagio serving VIP guests who paid upwards of $1,500 a ticket ; and tennis legend Steffi Graf presenting the trophies.	In the past, that was not your usual showjumping and dressage atmosphere -- but that's something the sport is trying to change.	Hosting world-class horsesport in Vegas is a way to raise its profile in the United States.	As with this month's showjumping on Miami Beach, the thinking is location, location, location.	For the riders, few locations are comparable.	"It's like a Wrigley Field feel," said Tim Keener, one of the Vegas organizers, describing how the bowl of the arena will seat spectators unusually close to the action.	Showjumping comes here for the showbiz.	In previous years, trophies have been handed out by flying showgirls descending from the rafters.	Elvis impersonators have burst into the arena on horseback.	This year, a "selfie booth" will let fans crowd in with leading riders for awkward photos on their phones -- and there will be quite some choice of riders.	Since the World Cup Finals are among the most prestigious titles available, the cast list over the next four days features almost all of the world's top names.	In showjumping, Germany's Daniel Deusser is both the defending World Cup champion and the new world No. 1, unseating Britain's Scott Brash.	The Germans are the most successful nation at the World Cup Finals, with 10 showjumping victories, and three-time champion Marcus Ehning will also compete.	The hosts have a superstar and 2013 champion in Beezie Madden, while 2012 champion Rich Fellers will ride aptly named "comeback king" Flexible, a horse undeterred by a series of illnesses and injuries which would have seen almost any other stallion retire.	In dressage, Britain's Charlotte Dujardin and Valero are the runaway favorites to successfully defend last year's World Cup title.	The partnership is the first ever to hold the World Cup alongside Olympic, world and European gold.	Few riders are expected to mount a serious challenge if Dujardin and Valegro perform well, but watch out for Germany's Isabell Werth and up-and-coming US rider Laura Graves.	Graves, 27, has barely spent a year on the U.S. senior team, yet finished fifth in last year's World Equestrian Games on board Verdades.	The action begins on Thursday, April 16, with dressage reaching a climax on the Saturday and showjumping a day later.	But if you miss it, the chances are you wo n't have to wait long for another chance.	Vegas is so in love with horses, organizers are already planning a bid to bring the event back in 2019.
(CNN) The marriage apocalypse may be coming.	Talk to any millennial and you can envision an America virtually marriage-free, with everyone happily single.	I did.	And I do.	Recently, I talked about marriage with a group of journalism students from my alma mater, Kent State University.	They came to me for career advice, which I gave them, but I also picked their brains about politics, religion and marriage.	Their views on marriage intrigued me the most.	'Cause, guess what?	They do n't care what your generation thinks -- they'll get married if and when they want.	"I did n't go to college for four years to be a mom," 21-year old Candace Monacelli told me.	"There's no housewife degree.	I've worked my butt off for four years to get this degree.	You want to use it.	You want to be successful.	You want to have that happy part of your life as well."	Jackie Demate, also 21, agreed.	"I would have a very hard time justifying spending $20,000 on a wedding when I could go to Europe."	At first I thought Jackie was kidding.	So jokingly, I responded, "Wow, some people would say, with that attitude, you are undermining the moral foundation of this country!"	Jackie did n't blink.	"But, Europe!"	she exclaimed.	"I'm really looking for a travel buddy.	And I do n't think you need a wedding ring to prove that you love someone.	I see a lot of people get married too soon or stay together and are unhappy because they are afraid to be alone.	And I would rather be alone, successful and happy than in a relationship where I'm not happy.	... I'm OK being single forever.	As long as I'm happy."	Before you berate Jackie for prioritizing her love of travel over marriage, consider where she's coming from.	A culture rich in divorce.	In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once.	That's up from 22 million in 1980 and 14 million in 1960.	Percentage-wise, that means that among adults who are currently married, roughly a quarter (23%) have been married before, compared with 13% in 1960.	What a fine example my generation is!	Not.	Still, there are no doubt more than a few parents out there wondering where they went wrong.	Especially in light of a fascinating Pew Research report on marriage.	When asked if society is just as well off if people have priorities other than marriage and children, 50% of respondents were OK with that.	And of that 50%, 66% were adults between 18 and 29.	Religious leaders are deeply concerned for moral reasons.	Economists are concerned for our collective future.	Studies show marriage is correlated with economic well-being, though it is not clear whether the causality arrow goes from marriage toward economic benefit or in the other direction.	A study sponsored by the conservative American Enterprise Institute says: "From an obvious standpoint, households with two adults are likelier to have two incomes, improving well-being."	On the other hand, the study points out, people who have money may be "more desirable marriage prospects."	Bingo on that point.	The millennials I talked with prefer their partners to be debt-free and riding high.	They also do n't want to burden a husband or wife with their own debt.	"Right now, I'm 21 years old.	And I'm thousands of dollars in debt," Emily Crille told me.	"That was n't something my parents bore.	And it's really hard to plan a wedding, or even think about something like that when you owe so much money, you do n't have a job, and you do n't have a home."	I felt a certain sense of pride at their sassy attitudes.	As a child of divorce I never wanted to get married, either -- until I met my husband at 38.	But, when I was in my twenties, waiting to marry the right man and forgoing children put me decidedly and uncomfortably in the minority.	I heard the whispers: Is there something wrong with her?	Is she selfish?	Unlovable?	Perhaps it is selfish to establish a career, travel and have a child on your own.	Or, maybe it's exactly right.	Scandinavians are just about there.	According to USA Today: "In Norway... 82% of couples have their first child out of wedlock.	The numbers are similarly high for Sweden and Denmark.	While many couples marry after having the first or second child, it's clear marriage in parts of Scandinavia is dying."	The article also points out that "Norway ranked first and Sweden second in the United Nations' quality-of-life survey for 2004, which rates per capita income, education levels, health care and life expectancy in measuring a nation's well-being.	The USA came in eighth."	In an effort to understand the joys of "sambo," the term for living together in Scandinavia, my producer reached out to Mikael Anteskog Adler, a 35-year-old man from Stockholm, Sweden.	"To put it short," he told us, "marriage costs money (party, clothes, rings, honeymoon trip, etc.) and gives no significant advantages, as there are no economic or legal advantages and no real social pressure to get married, or anyone frowning on premarital sex and cohabitation."	Wow.	Fifty-year-old Anne Lehes, from Gothenburg, Sweden, told my producer, "I believe that one reason for many Swedes staying single is because this is a secular country, so people think they will become fulfilled by their partner, and inevitably they get disappointed and then they do n't think the whole thing is worth it."	Maybe Christina Hugosson of Uppsala, Sweden, sums it up best: "The notion that marriage is something that you're pressured into seems horrible to me.	... Marriage should be for love, not a matter of expectations, routine and everyday practicalities."	My Kent State millennials -- true romantics -- would agree wholeheartedly with Hugossan.	Emily told me as much, "Marriage is about love.	It's not about planning or timing, and that's what we're all kind of waiting for."	Marriage is about love, but you have to be good partners, too.	And, as they say, sometimes love is n't enough.	Which brings me back to that idea of a pending marriage apocalypse.	Would it be so terrible if we all remained single?	If I had remained single?	I thought about it.	So did my husband.	We did n't plan to have children, what was the point?	In the end, we made a decision based on love and practicality.	A commitment would not only prove our love, but also force us to get through the bad times couples are sure to endure.	Eleven years later we have no regrets.	But, we are not you and yours.	Would a society without marriage be just as well off as one filled with "I dos"?	I do n't know.	But I would love to know if you do.
(CNN) The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.	Each day is a struggle in many parts of of the country, but there is something you can do to make an impact.	We have vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts, including:.	-- Nepal Red Cross Society.	-- ActionAid USA.	-- Action Against Hunger.	-- Adventist Development and Relief Agency International.	-- American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee.	-- The American Jewish World Service.	-- AmeriCares.	-- CARE.	-- Catholic Relief Services.	-- ChildFund International.	-- Concern Worldwide.	-- Convoy of Hope.	-- Direct Relief.	-- dZi Foundation.	-- Empower Generation.	-- Global Giving.	-- Habitat for Humanity.	-- Handicap International.	-- Himalayan HealthCare.	-- International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.	-- International Medical Corps.	-- International Relief Teams.	-- Islamic Relief USA.	-- Jewish Federations of North America.	-- Lutheran World Relief.	-- MAP International.	-- Medical Teams International.	-- MercyCorps.	-- NFCC International.	-- Operation Blessing International.	-- Operation USA.	-- Oxfam International.	-- Plan International.	-- Real Medicine Foundation.	-- Save the Children.	-- The Salvation Army.	-- Samaritan's Purse.	-- Seva Foundation.	-- Shelterbox.	-- Team Rubicon.	-- UNICEF.	-- WaterAid.	-- The World Food Programme.	-- World Vision.
(CNN) It started with neighbors and local officials digging with their hands through the rubble.	As soon as a deadly earthquake stopped rattling a swath of Nepal, before the scope of the damage was calculated, the digging began.	The magnitude-7.8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people, and the death toll is expected to rise.	One witness, Joe McEnness, captured a photo of police officers in Kathmandu, the Nepalese capital, trying to dig survivors out of a collapsed building.	The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said its volunteers and staff were aiding rescue efforts and providing first aid to the injured.	The Red Cross opened a blood bank in Kathmandu.	Reports from Nepal indicated that hospitals were overflowing with patients and suffering from shortages.	One doctor in the outskirts of Kathmandu put out a plea for engineers to come to his hospital to help back up the electricity supply.	"Victims will be dying if we do n't have it," Dr. Subhash Acharya tweeted.	At another hospital, CNN's Manesh Shrestha saw people being turned away as doctors focused on the most dire needs, he said.	He saw people lying outside with broken bones and head injuries.	With communication limited, many turned to social media to ask for help locating their loved ones.	Google India launched a person finder website to work as a clearinghouse for information on those who are missing and those who have been found.	As of Saturday night in Nepal, Google was tracking some 1,400 records.	Facebook activated Safety Check, which alerts users of any friends who are in the disaster zone.	Those in the affected area can use Facebook to alert their family and friends that they are OK.	The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance, the U.S. Embassy in Nepal said.	American disaster response teams are also on their way to the country, the Embassy said via Twitter.	Nepal's neighbor India deployed teams to Kathmandu almost immediately.	Within hours of the quake, India had sent almost 300 personnel, along with search dogs and supplies.	The equipment arrived in Nepal via a series of cargo and airlift planes, including a C-130 Super Hercules, one IL-76, and two C-17 Globemasters, according to India's Ministry of Defense.	Two additional helicopters were deployed from India but turned back because of bad weather, the ministry said.	India said Sunday that it would dispatch 10 more aid flights to Nepal, along with 10 helicopters to assist in search-and-rescue efforts.	Disaster management and medical personnel as well as mobile hospitals, food, water, blankets and medicine will be on the aid flights, Ministry of Defense spokesman Sitanshu Kar said.	Pakistan announced it is sending a medical team, a 30-bed hospital and search-and-rescue experts.	The Pakistani search team is specialized for rescues in natural disasters, officials said, and comes equipped with ground-penetrating radar and concrete cutters.	Pakistan is sending meals, water, medicine and other supplies.	China, meanwhile, announced that it will send 40 rescuers and six search dogs.	Israel's military was preparing to send a team to assess the damage from the quake ahead of a humanitarian mission, the Israel Defense Forces said.	Hikers around Mount Everest run for lives, treat injured.	CNN's Kunal Sehgal contributed to this report.
(CNN) The world learned his name after he was killed by a South Carolina police officer.	But in his life, 50-year-old Walter Scott was also the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard before being honorably discharged.	"He was outgoing -- loved everybody, (was) very known in the community and got along with everybody," his brother Anthony Scott told CNN's Don Lemon.	"All the family loves him, and his kids loved him."	Until it all came crashing down Saturday morning, when North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager pulled Scott over, reportedly for a faulty brake light.	Dash cam video released Thursday shows the two talking, then shows Scott get out of his car and run.	Why did he run?	Justin Bamberg, a lawyer for Scott's family, speculated Thursday it could have been related to "child support and a fear of maybe going back to (jail)."	At the time of his death, Scott owed over $18,000 in back payments for two children and had n't made a payment since July 2012, according to Charleston County family court documents.	Another family lawyer, Chris Stewart, acknowledged that Scott had been arrested previously for outstanding warrants for not paying child support, but Stewart said that had been Scott's lone issue with the law for the past 20 years.	"I know that it had nothing to do with anything violent," Bamberg said of Scott's legal history.	"He was not a dangerous person."	According to a police report, Scott did not comply with an officer's demands and tried to grab Slager's stun gun.	Slager fired eight shots, five of which struck Scott.	He was pronounced dead at the scene.	Regardless of why Walter Scott ran, "running from an officer does n't result in the death penalty," Stewart said.	Slager has been charged with murder, a charge that might not have come about if not for a bystander's video of the shooting.	Anthony Scott said he watched the video that showed his brother getting shot dead, footage that has traumatized the family.	"When I saw that video for the first time, my family was deeply hurt that someone would gun down a human being in that way," the brother said.	"We just could n't believe it."	The last time the family got together with Walter Scott was when the siblings threw a surprise wedding anniversary party for their parents.	"It was a great celebration," Anthony Scott said.	"My dad and brothers planned it, and (my mother) was totally surprised.	"Now this happens," Scott said, referring to his brother's shooting.	"It's so tragic."	CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
(CNN) Iran's President on Friday hailed the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program, vowing that Iran will stick to its promises and -- assuming other countries live up to their end of the bargain -- become a more active, engaged player in world affairs.	"Some think that we should either fight... or we should surrender to other powers," President Hassan Rouhani said.	"However, we believe none of that.	There is a third path.	We can cooperate with the world."	Rouhani said his government kept its word to Iranians when negotiating the framework deal, which was agreed upon Thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a June 30 deadline.	Chief among them is that Iran would keep at least some centrifuges and no longer face international sanctions.	He thanked Iranians for their patience and for "resisting" by standing up for the country's rights.	As to the rest of the world, the Iranian President said he thinks most now realize that Iran "is pursuing peaceful objectives."	That means trying to develop nuclear energy, not nuclear weapons, as many feared.	That fear, combined with distrust of Iran's leaders, spurred the sanctions and the Middle Eastern nation's isolation.	"We do not lie," Rouhani said, vowing that Iran will be true to its word, "provided the other parties will implement their own promises."	What Iranians think of the deal.	Those promises include reducing Iran's stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% for 15 years and significantly scaling back its number of installed centrifuges.	Still, while it will be shrunken and centralized, Iran's nuclear program wo n't go away.	What should happen -- assuming there's a common view that Tehran is doing as required -- is that countries will end their sanctions.	That was non-negotiable for Iran, with Rouhani saying the deal shows his government's commitment to removing a major "obstacle... for business" by addressing the world's worries about its nuclear program.	"We need economic productivity, employment for the youth and development of non-oil products," he said.	"Thus our people can witness better things for their welfare."	It wo n't be easy, of course, to get Iran and the P5 +1 -- the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany -- on the same page regarding the nitty-gritty details of any final agreement, if there is one.	After all, it took two extra days past a self-imposed deadline for the parties to reach a framework deal.	What's in the deal?	7 key points.	That agreement followed about a decade of often failed negotiations and deep-rooted acrimony, particularly between Iran and the United States.	Those tensions have n't disappeared, nor is there any guarantee that talks wo n't fall apart again over the next three months.	Even as he applauded what he called a "good deal," President Barack Obama pointed out Thursday that "if Iran cheats, the world will know it."	His government is also being pressed by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who blasted the agreement Friday as posing a "grave danger" by legitimizing Iran's nuclear program and making it easier for Iran to develop nuclear weapons.	On the Iranian side, Foreign Minister Javad Zarif has acknowledged that "mutual mistrust" has long plagued talks.	He notes Iran still has "serious differences with the United States," even after Thursday's agreement.	Still, Rouhani expressed hopes Friday the nuclear negotiations will change that by further opening up Iran to the rest of world, including long-standing adversaries.	"We do shake hands with them.	... Even those countries we have tensions with, we would like an end to the animosity," he said.	"Cooperation and interaction would be in the interest of everyone."	Netanyahu: Iran must recognize Israel's right to exist.
Lausanne, Switzerland (CNN) The bad news?	The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal.	The good news?	The sides are still talking.	Whether your glass is half-full or half-empty, it does n't change the fact that it's not easy to reach resolutions on complex issues involving nuclear physics and international relations.	Nor does it change the fact that Tuesday's self-imposed deadline did n't really matter anyway: The date that really counts is June 30, when the parties must figure out a comprehensive deal -- with all the technical details and diplomatic impasses fully worked out -- or else everything falls apart.	The whole point of what's happening in Lausanne, Switzerland, is to get everyone on the same page about what kinds of things will be discussed as part of a potential conclusive agreement.	For those hoping that will eventually happen, it's good that Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and senior European Union diplomat Helga Schmid held talks early Thursday morning in Lausanne.	But it does n't mean there will be a final deal.	"We have made significant progress over the last few days, but it has been slow going," British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond told reporters Wednesday.	"I'm optimistic that we will make further progress... but it does mean the Iranians being willing to meet us where there are still issues to deal with.	"Fingers crossed, and we'll hope to get there during the course of the day."	But by Thursday morning, there was still no deal.	Zarif told reporters that Iran has shown "its readiness to engage with dignity, and it's time for our negotiating partners to seize the moment and use this opportunity, which may not be repeated."	"I've always said that an agreement and pressure do not go together.	They are mutually exclusive," the Iranian minister said.	"So our friends need to decide whether they want to be with Iran based on respect or whether they want to continue based on pressure.	They have tested the other one.	It is high time to test this one."	U.S. State Department official Marie Harf said on Twitter that talks between Kerry and Zarif ran deep into the early hours of Thursday morning.	"That was truly an all-nighter," she tweeted around 6 a.m. local time (12 a.m. ET), saying the negotiations had broken up and would resume again in a few hours.	Another U.S. official had said earlier that "some serious issues remain unresolved."	"It is still totally unclear when this might happen, if it happens at all."	There's one thing that most everyone does agree on: The sides have made progress in recent days.	In fact, Zarif called it "very good" progress that led to solutions on most issues, according to IRNA, the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency.	As long as "the conversations continue to be productive," White House press secretary Josh Earnest said, U.S. officials will keep on talking.	Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov -- whose country has been taking part in the talks, along with Germany, France, Britain and the European Union -- went so far as to say "with a large degree of confidence" that "framework agreements have been reached on all the key aspects of this issue at the ministerial level."	"We hope that these agreements will be put on paper in the next few hours or a day at the most," Lavrov said before leaving the talks along with his counterparts from China and France.	"The agreement stipulates a comprehensive approach to settling this issue, including IAEA verification of the exclusively peaceful nature of Iran's nuclear program and detailed provisions on lifting the sanctions."	But it does n't matter if Russia or Germany is comfortable with the details ; the key is getting the United States and Iran on the same page, something that's hard given the decades of contempt and distrust.	According to an IRNA report, Zarif said only that he hopes a framework agreement will be drafted Wednesday.	"I think it's a matter of political will.	It's not just about technical details anymore," said Fawaz Gerges, a professor of Middle East studies at the London School of Economics.	"You're talking here about an institutionalized relationship of hostility between the United States and Iran."	Even then, Gerges on Wednesday gave the sides a 60% to 70% chance of coming to some sort of preliminary agreement soon.	His reasoning: "I think there is a convergence of interests between Obama's administration and the Iranian leadership, and that's why both camps have a vested interest in signing an agreement, as opposed to walking away."	For Iran, which insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes, a deal would mean relief from punishing economic sanctions.	For the West, it would offer hope of improved relations with Tehran without the destabilizing threat of an Iranian nuclear bomb in the pipeline.	The sides have oftentimes talked past each other for nine years.	That's why Iran is facing crippling sanctions in the first place: because many world powers felt they could not trust Tehran, given its dealings with nuclear inspectors and in talks.	The tone changed with the 2013 election of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, a moderate who campaigned on a platform of reducing international tensions.	And there has been some movement, including in recent days, out of Iran.	Still, it's too early to say that everyone will meet in the middle on everything.	Mohammad Marandi, a professor of North American studies at Tehran University, told CNN that Iranian officials feel they've already compromised a lot in the talks.	"They feel that they've gone as far as they possibly can and that it's for the Americans right now to make a move," he said.	21 questions on Iranian nuclear talks.	The main sticking points at the moment are believed to be the pace at which U.N. sanctions on Iran will be lifted, how much nuclear research and development Iran will be able to maintain and whether Iran will ship its stockpile of enriched uranium out of the country for reprocessing into a safer form.	Even if those points are resolved to the satisfaction of all sides, any agreement is expected to come under attack on multiple fronts.	Obama is likely to face a stern challenge selling any deal to Congress, while hardliners in Iran will probably denounce it for being too harsh.	The leader of Israel, a key U.S. ally that considers Iran to be an existential threat, on Tuesday said "the agreement that is being formed in Lausanne is paving the road to that result."	And on Wednesday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu obliquely suggested that the United States could be threatened as well.	"The Middle East is plagued by anti-Western, anti-democratic and anti-American extremism.	... Despots lead their people in chants of'Death to America' while building intercontinental ballistic missiles to reach America.	In this violent and unstable region, where states are exploding," said Netanyahu, referring to some Iranian leaders and reports that Iran could develop intercontinental missiles.	Iran's power rises, with or without deal.	Obama administration officials say that any agreement would involve heavy monitoring of Iran's nuclear activities.	They insist no deal would be better than signing a bad deal.	But if no agreement is reached and the talks fall apart, the potential consequences are deeply unsettling.	Further sanctions on Iran would most likely follow.	Israel argues that could eventually force Tehran back to the negotiating table to settle for a tougher deal.	But Obama administration officials say they fear Iran will redouble efforts to advance its nuclear program without any meaningful international inspections.	Iranian progress toward a nuclear weapon could spark an arms race in the Middle East and talk of military strikes from the United States or Israel.	"The military option will remain on the table," U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told NBC's "Today" show on Tuesday.	"If there is a good agreement to have, obviously it's worth waiting for and completing the negotiations."	CNN's Elise Labott reported from Lausanne, and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta.	CNN's Jethro Mullen, Jim Sciutto, Steve Almasy, Nimet Kirac and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.
(CNN) By the elation online and in the streets, you'd think Iran had just won the World Cup.	But this is bigger.	Iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs, blasted music from stereos and chatted online with the hashtag #IranTalks.	The excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the United States and other world powers that promises to end Iran's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions.	Just before midnight on Thursday, Vali Asr street, one of Tehran's main thoroughfares, turned into something like a block party.	Car horns blared.	Men danced in the middle of traffic.	Some people flaunted U.S. dollar bills.	It was a fitting double occasion: The agreement was struck on the final day of Persian New Year festivities, symbolizing a fresh start.	Milad, a 20-year-old university student among the crowds, told CNN he was happy about the accord but wary about his own future.	"I still believe I'll have a hard time finding a job that pays well, with or without this deal."	Another Tehran resident, Alireza, 37, said "Things ca n't get worse than they are so, I'm happy with this news."	"This is pretty historic and I pray that my children will be able to live in an Iran that can play nice with the international community."	At home that evening, families watched as Iranian state television broadcast U.S. President Barack Obama's speech live, which came for many as a surprise.	Some Iranians celebrated the moment by snapping selfies in front of the TV.	Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif -- who led the Iranian negotiation team -- received a hero's welcome as he arrived in Iran on a sunny Friday morning.	"Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as the vehicle rolled slowly down the packed street, carrying the man who struck the historic deal.	Other videos posted to social media showed Zarif mobbed by fans in Switzerland, who yelled "We love you, Zarif!"	Lausanne: Zarif joins Iranian students cheer "Zarif We Love You" outside press conference at #IranTalks.	pic.twitter.com/S2dVzeAsZl.	Negar Mortazavi, an Iranian-American independent journalist, celebrated with her friends in the United States by singing "Bayram Mubarak," a New Year song.	Happy New Day, New Year, New Era.	#IranTalks pic.twitter.com/OuGE3pu8Z1.	She closely followed the reaction from Iranians around the world and told CNN she saw an "explosion" of joy when the deal was finally struck.	"I did n't expect so many people to follow it so closely, but from the result, I can tell everyone was following."	"After 35 years of animosity, U.S. and Iran diplomats shook hands and stood by each other in public... everything is just pushing this forward."
Spain's 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday brought back bitter memories of their disastrous 2014 World Cup, but coach Vicente del Bosque will not be too worried about a third straight friendly defeat, insists Gerard Pique.	Holland, whose 5-1 drubbing of Spain in the group stage in Brazil last year marked the end of the Iberian nation's six-year domination of the world game, scored two early goals at the Amsterdam Arena and held on against some determined Spain pressure in the second half for a 2-0 success.	They became the first team to inflict two defeats on Del Bosque since he took over in 2008 but the gruff 64-year-old had used the match to try out several new faces and he fielded a largely experimental, second-string team.	Stefan de Vrij (right) headed Holland in front against Spain at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.	Gerard Pique (left) could do nothing to stop Davy Klaassen doubling the Dutch advantage.	Malaga forward Juanmi and Sevilla midfielder Vitolo became the 55th and 56th players to debut under Del Bosque, while the likes of goalkeeper David de Gea, defenders Raul Albiol, Juan Bernat and Dani Carvajal and midfielder Mario Suarez all started the game.	'The national team's state of health is good,' centre back Gerard Pique told reporters.	'We are in a process where players are coming into the team and gathering experience,' added the Barcelona defender.	'We are second in qualifying (for Euro 2016) and these friendly games are for experimenting.'	I am not that worried about this match because we lost friendlies in previous years and then ended up winning titles.'	David de Gea was given a start by Vicente del Bosque but could not keep out De Vrij's header here.	Dani Carvajal (centre) was another squad player given a chance to impress against Holland.	Del Bosque will be confident he can find the right mix of players to secure Spain's berth at Euro 2016 in France next year, when they will be chasing an unprecedented third straight title.	Slovakia are the surprise leaders in qualifying Group C thanks to a 2-1 win over Spain in Zilina in October and have a maximum 15 points from five of 10 matches.	Spain are second on 12 points, three ahead of Ukraine, who they beat 1-0 in Seville on Friday.	Del Bosque's side host Slovakia in September in a match that could decide who goes through to the finals as group winners.	'The team is in good shape,' forward Pedro told reporters.	'We have a very clear idea of our playing style and we are able to count on people who are gradually making a place for themselves in the team.'
A Reading fan is facing a three-year ban after running topless on to the pitch and performing a series of somersaults during his first-ever game at the Madejski Stadium.	Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the Royals' FA Cup 3-0 quarter-final replay win over Bradford City last month.	Sumner, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled by stewards.	Reading fan Charlie Sumner (left) faces a three-year football ban after his one-man pitch invasion last month.	Sumner - who said going to his first game was a'brilliant experience' - is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.	The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all of Reading's future home and away matches.	On Wednesday, Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he had no regrets about the incident, adding that he had done it for'laugh' and that his family had'seen the funny side'.	Speaking outside court, he said:'After doing it and seeing good comments and messages, even from the away fans, I do n't look back and regret it.	The incident occurred during the Royals' 3-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay win over Bradford.	'Obviously I would n't inform other people to do it.	It was just spur of the moment.	It's good to see good feedback and not negative feedback.	'I'd had a few drinks, I was happy and Reading were winning and I just went for it and had a laugh.	It was brilliant.'	Asked whether he goes to many Reading matches, he added:'That was my first game actually.	It was a good experience.	Obviously being there on the first game - not after what I've done, but standing in the stadium, watching the game from the stadium - it's a brilliant experience.	'Obviously with the ban, I would n't be able to experience that experience again.'	The incident took place on March 16, when the match was being broadcast live to millions of viewers on BBC One.	Afterwards, footage of Sumner's antics also went viral on the internet.	Despite facing a potential banning order Sumner was in good spirits outside Reading Magistrates' Court.	Sumner, who went to the match with a group of eight friends, said he spoke to them in a taxi on the way to the match about potentially running on to the pitch.'	I did say no at first.	Then Reading were winning and I got a bit excited,' he said.'	I went to rave on Friday and there's another video on Facebook and I'm doing flips there.	I've had a few selfies, a few drinks bought for me.'	But Sumner, who works as a dry liner fixing ceilings, said he thought a potential football banning order'seemed a bit much.'	After running on to the pitch, Sumner (centre) was tackled by stewards and footage of his antics went viral.'	I do n't want a three-year ban because obviously it's quite a bit,' he said.	'I'm not encouraging people do it and if I go to another game, I'm not going to do it again.'	At Wednesday's hearing, Sumner's solicitor entered a guilty plea on his client's behalf to one count of going on to a playing area at a football match under the Football Offences Act 1991.	Sumner, who was at court but missed his hearing after leaving the building briefly, was released on bail with conditions that he does not attend Reading's home or away matches.	He will appear at Reading Magistrates' Court on April 30 when a decision will be made on whether he receives a football banning order.	Sumner (centre) said he spoke to friends on the way to the stadium about the stunt and has no regrets.
Wayne Rooney and his England team-mates were upset by the sloppy, uninspired way they started in Italy on Tuesday night.	Nine months on from meeting at the World Cup, the Three Lions faced the Azzurri once more in a glamour friendly at the Juventus Stadium.	Hopes were high after seven straight wins but Roy Hodgson's men struggled in the first half, deservedly falling behind to a Graziano Pelle header in Turin.	England captain Wayne Rooney issues instructions during the 1-1 draw against Italy on Tuesday night.	Rooney said he and the rest of the England players were upset by their first half performance.	However, half-time brought with it renewed enthusiasm and England dominated the second period, levelling in style through Andros Townsend and going close to turning a 1-1 into an away triumph.	'We have (moved on from the World Cup) and I think that's why we were so disappointed with the first half,' England skipper Rooney said.	'We know we're better than that.	Even though we had a lot of changes, we know we are a better team than what we showed first half.	'We were upset, I'll be honest, in the dressing room after the first half.	Everyone was upset with the way we performed.	Rooney and the rest of the England squad arrived back from Italy on Wednesday after their flight was delayed.	The squad were supposed to fly home on Tuesday night after the match but a technical fault caused delay.	'It showed great character from everyone to go out in the second half to put in the performance we did, to get back in the game and were unlucky not to go on and win it.	'Italy are a great team and I think one of their biggest strengths is seeing the game out.	'We worked hard, we pushed the ball well, showed a lot of composure on the ball and created chances.	'On another night we might have scored another goal, but I think overall probably a draw for both teams was a fair result in the way the game went.'	Graziano Pelle opened the scoring as England deservedly went behind in the first half against Italy.	Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson's side during a much-improved second period.	Things certainly ended positively for England, with Rooney dovetailing well with full debutant Harry Kane as Hodgson's second-half introductions stated their case.	Ross Barkley was one of the stand-out performers, with the second-half substitute showing flashes of the form which impressed so many last summer.	'Ross is a terrific player,' Rooney said.	'He is a terrific young player and I think he can have an impact when he comes on.	'He did that, he took the ball, he ran at the Italian defenders and made it difficult for them.	'Hopefully, he can kick on now for the rest of the season.'
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri goes into this weekend's Serie A games admitting he does not expect to be fully embraced by the team's fans until he steers the club to a title.	Having joined the Turin outfit last summer, several months after being sacked by AC Milan, Allegri has hardly put a foot wrong, coaching Juve to a commanding lead in the race for the Scudetto.	Allegri, who replaced Antonio Conte last summer, and Juve will go after another three points on Saturday when they host Empoli.	Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri instructs his side from the touchline, who are top of Serie A.	'When I arrived, I feared that I would not be able to win the hearts of the fans because I had promised to achieve that with results,' Allegri told his club's official website.'	I have forgiven the initial scepticism because it was right to do that.	What happened last July to Juventus was a shock (Conte's resignation).	'We have worked and are having a good season that we need to conclude positively, seeing as we have not won anything yet.'	Juve are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of the standings with 10 games remaining.	If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club.	Carlos Tevez (centre) scored twice as Juventus cruised past Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League.	Allegri has also guided the Bianconeri into the Champions League quarter-finals and the Coppa Italia semi-finals.	Roma, who are just one point clear of Lazio, host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli on Saturday.	Lazio carry a six-match winning run in Serie A with them to Sardinia to face Cagliari.	The Biancoceleste hold the last Champions League qualifying spot and are four points clear of nearest rivals Sampdoria.	Samp make the trip to Florence to take on Fiorentina also in fine fettle after winning their last four league games.	France's Paul Pogba has been an integral part of the Juventus side 14 points clear at the top of Serie A.	Fiorentina are two places and two points behind Saturday's opponents and are unbeaten at home in Serie A since November 9.	Ninth-place Genoa, with just two points collected since since February 15, face Udinese at the Luigi Ferraris stadium.	AC Milan, who beat Cagliari 3-1 before the international break, square off against Palermo at La Favorita.	Inter Milan lock horns with bottom-side Parma at the San Siro with the Nerazzurri desperate to snap a six-match winless run in all competitions.	Rafael Benitez's Napoli side need to beat Roma to realistically qualify for the Champions League.	Atalanta will try to give Edy Reja his first victory when they host Torino.	The Bergamo club has not won since February 1.	Cesena, with just one triumph away from home all season, travel to Verona to face Hellas.	Domenico Di Carlo's Cesena have won one of their last seven league games and are five points adrift of safety.	Chievo have lost just one of their last seven games to stave off the threat of relegation.	They are in 15th place and 11 points clear of the drop zone heading into their game at Sassuolo.
Skipper John O'Shea has challenged Sunderland to keep their fate in their own hands by securing a fifth successive derby victory over Newcastle.	The Wear-Tyne rivals meet at the Stadium of Light on Sunday with Sunderland having won the last four meetings, but in grave need of three points to ease themselves away from the developing battle for Barclays Premier League survival.	O'Shea and his team-mates could find themselves inside the relegation zone by the time they run out if Burnley get the better of Tottenham in the day's earlier kick-off, and that would make three points a necessity.	John O'Shea, pictured playing for Ireland at the weekend, wants a fifth straight derby win against Newcastle.	The Black Cats captain celebrates scoring against Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby of 2012.	The Republic of Ireland international told SAFSee:'That's the big issue: whoever we were facing this weekend, be in Newcastle, be it Crystal Palace, be it Southampton, whoever the case may be, it's a case of getting the three points as soon as we can and getting everyone energised again and looking forward to the remaining games.	'Look, we know we're not in the position that we'd like to be in, but we know we can get out of it.	It's in our hands.'	After a dreadful run of results against their arch-rivals, the Black Cats have fared rather well in recent times, winning the last three at St James' Park and the most recent game on Wearside.	Asked what lay behind that run of results, O'Shea said:'Staying together as a unit, keeping the team spirit strong, working as a unit all over the pitch and taking chances.	'Making sure we got clean sheets and also whether it was early or late in the game, making sure we took chances - they were the keys, and obviously having a strong squad as well because there were a couple of times where there were changes in the line-up before games.	Jermain Defoe rues a missed opportunity during defeat to West Ham in Sunderland's previous game.	'Everyone has got to be mentally prepared to start the game, and obviously anything can happen then in the 90 minutes.	'Look, it's one of those things, we have a chance of creating a fantastic record against a big rival, the main rival for us, so it's a fantastic opportunity.	'But ultimately, it comes down to wanting it more on the day and hopefully, that will be the case.'
For Ronny Deila, qualification for the Champions League is not all about the money.	But there are now 16million reasons for the Norwegian to take Celtic there by leading the team to a fourth successive title.	And all of them involve pound signs.	This week UEFA confirmed their'cash cycle' for the next three years of European competition.	The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14 when they faced AC Milan, Ajax and Barcelona, they won one match and earned # 12.6 m.	The same performance -- or better -- next season would see that sum rise by # 4m.	If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the # 20m barrier.	And that's even before ticket sales.	UEFA's increase in Champions League money gives Celtic manager Ronny Deila extra reasons to qualify.	To the rest of Scottish football, the prospect of Celtic making more money is damaging to any hopes of increased competition.	To Deila, it's a different kind of bind.	'It is even more pressure,' conceded the Norwegian as his side seek to stretch their Premiership lead to eight points against St Mirren in Paisley tonight.	'But you ca n't think about money.	You just have to do the job the best way you can.	'I feel if we can keep consistency in this team and maybe add a player or two, we will be ready for it.	'It's not only about the money.	It's about the supporters and the reputation of the club.	It's about the experience of the Champions League.'	The experience and the cash effectively go hand in hand.	If Celtic participate in the group stages of the premier competition, sell-out crowds of 60,000 -- something of a rarity these days -- are guaranteed.	The competition stimulates and sustains the club in a variety of ways.	Yes, the last 32 of the Europa League secured a tie with Inter Milan this season.	But for all the concerns about a small elite from the major leagues dominating the competition every year, the Champions League remains the superior competition in every way.	'The Champions League is so important,' added Deila yesterday.	'We want to win the league and get into the Champions League group stage, that's the main target.	'There is even more money now in the Champions League.	So to get a good team to compete in that tournament is everything.	It is more important than selling players.	'Our prime target is the Champions League and we have to do what is best for the club.'	Towards that end, Deila - now a more confident and assured figure than the man who took the Parkhead job last summer - will assume personal control of the pre-season programme and argue for the retention of key players.	The days of Celtic jetting to the east coast of Australia and back to play friendlies appear to have gone.	'We have to be more prepared than we were this season,' stated the Parkhead boss after insisting that last summer's lucrative series of games in the United States, Austria and Germany had been partly to blame for his team's subsequent 4-1 qualifying defeat to Legia Warsaw in Poland.	'I know we are going to be more prepared.	They are knockout ties in the qualifiers, so anything can happen.	'We just need to do everything as good as possible so that the preparation is 100 per cent.	'We have to do what is best for the team.	If we do n't reach it (the group stages) then we will have done everything we can.	If we are not good enough then we have to look for a new coach then.'	He was only half joking, you suspect.	The most important games of a Celtic season now take place in mid-July, before they have kicked a ball in domestic competition.	The Champions League qualifiers set the tone for the rest of the campaign.	Amid those circumstances, finding the time to rest international players is proving increasingly difficult.	Scotland play the Republic of Ireland in a vital European qualifier in Dublin on June 13, when more than a few Celtic stars are likely to be involved, while the likes of full-back Emilio Izaguirre will also be playing for their countries through the summer.	By this time last year, Celtic had won the Scottish title at a canter - allowing former manager Neil Lennon to grant key players early rest prior to the Euro challenge ahead.	Deila says that wo n't happen this time, even if his side can find a way to shake off challengers Aberdeen in the coming weeks.	'No.	Everybody is going to be here,' said the Norwegian boss.	'Hopefully we are going to win the Treble and that is the main target.	'Our dream and hope is to get to the Scottish Cup Final and win it.	If we do that, then we will be playing our last game of this season on May 30.	'After the cup final, the players will get three weeks' holiday.	If they are playing internationals in June, then they will get one week more.	So players like Broony (Scott Brown) and Stefan (Johansen) would come back on July 1.	'In three weeks, you ca n't ruin too much.	It is just positive for their bodies to rest.	They know what is coming when they come back to training.'	Before then, there are big barriers to cross.	Beginning tonight just down the road in Paisley against a demoralised and struggling St Mirren side who find themselves propping up the Premiership table.	Deila admits he is eager to secure a fourth consecutive league title for Celtic as soon as possible.	'We want to win the league as soon as possible,' declared Deila.	'The games coming up now are important games but we have a good momentum now.	We play good football, we train well, there is good harmony in the squad.	I am comfortable that we are going to keep performing well.	'I expect a good performance at St Mirren.	We have a lot of players who have been rested a lot.	They should be ready for the game.'
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers after the initial request was blocked.	The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it by 47 votes to 27.	But Hull boss Steve Bruce ahs revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers.	Hull City will become Hull Tigers if club owner Assem Allam gets his way after the previous failed attempt.	Hull City owner Allam remains keen on changing his side's name despite fans' anger.	An arbitration panel has ruled that owner Assem Allam can make another application to change the name.	Bruce said:'To be perfectly honest, as I've said repeatedly, the owner knew weeks ago that he had the right to challenge the appeal and he wanted to just go quiet on it.	'There's no disputing his views have not changed (regarding the name change).	That's the kind of man he is so we have to respect those views.	Hull boss Steve Bruce has revealed owner Allam has reapplied to change the name of his side.	'For what he has done for the club -- and I say this repeatedly -- he's put it on the map a little bit and he's put his hard earned money so he's entitled to have his opinion.	'Now you are going to get some, and we're all traditionalists, that will be opposed to it but hopefully there is a middle ground where everybody can find a solution.'	I think at the moment we put it to one side and make sure that Hull City/Hull Tigers are going to be in the Premier League next year and we can have that debate in the summer.'
Juventus continued their march towards a fourth straight Serie A title with a 2-0 win over Empoli on Saturday.	Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the Turin giants maintained their 14-point lead at the top with nine games to go.	A fourth straight Serie A title is Juventus' for the taking after they beat Empoli 2-0 on Saturday night to establish a 14-point advantage at the top of the table with nine games of the season remaining.	Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval as Juventus beat Empoli at home.	Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the Bianconeri responded to wins from Roma and Lazio to restore a seemingly unassailable lead at the top of the standings.	They also had goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon to thank for making several fine interventions in the second half when Juve dropped their intensity, saving their batteries for a trip to Fiorentina in the Coppa Italia in midweek and the Champions League quarter-final clash with Monaco a week after.	Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the Turin giants maintained their 14-point lead at the top.	Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli which puts nine points between the two sides in the standings.	Miralem Pjanic's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn Rudi Garcia's men all three points, although they had to survive a storm at the Stadio Olimpico as Napoli pushed in vain for an equaliser.	Lazio kept the heat Roma, though, by clinching a seventh consecutive league win, 3-1 at 10-man Cagliari.	Miralem Pjanic's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn Rudi Garcia's men all three points against Napoli.	Miroslav Klose celebrates putting Lazio ahead in their match against Cagliari.	Miroslav Klose put the Roman outfit ahead in the 31st minute only for Marco Sau to pull Cagliari level four minutes into the second half.	Lucas Biglia put the visitors back in front on the hour from the penalty spot after Lorenzo Crisetig brought substitute Keita down in the area.	Inter Milan left the San Siro to a deafening chorus of boos from the home fans after they were held to a 1-1 draw by rock-bottom Parma on Saturday.	Fredy Guarin gave Inter the lead in the 25th minute, but Andi Lila levelled just before half-time.	Fredy Guarin gave Inter the lead in the 25th minute as Inter Milan earned a point at home to rock-bottom Parma.	Substitute Davide Succi equalised nine minutes from time as Cesena hit back from 3-0 down to draw 3-3 at Hellas Verona.	The hosts appeared to be cruising to victory after two goals from Luca Toni and a third from Juanito Gomez but relegation-threatened Cesena hit back with three strikes in the last 20 minutes.	Substitute Carlos Carbonero scored the visitors' first and Franco Brienza's fantastic free-kick made it 3-2 with 13 minutes left.	Succi then pulled his team level as Cesena stunned the crowd in the Marc' Antonio Bentegodi stadium.	Cesena's forward Davide Succi celebrates after scoring against Hellas Verona at the Bentegodi Stadium.	AC Milan picked up their first win away from home since mid-October, beating Palermo 2-1 at the Stadio Renzo Barbera.	Alessio Cerci gave Filippo Inzaghi's men the lead after 37 minutes, but a Paulo Dybala penalty brought the hosts level in the 72nd minute.	Jeremy Menez restored Milan's lead 10 minutes later, earning them all three points and keeping their hopes alive of qualifying for Europe next season.	Fiorentina's Alessandro Diamanti celebrates after scoring against Sampdoria in their Serie A match.	Mohamed Salah scored as Fiorentina secured a 2-0 victory against Sampdoria on Saturday evening.	Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah's quick-fire goals gave Fiorentina a 2-0 win over Sampdoria, while Fabio Quagliarella and Kamil Glik gave Torino a 2-1 win over Atalanta, with Mauricio Pinilla pulling one back for the strugglers.	Torino and Atalanta both ended the game with 10 men after Pinilla and Migjen Basha were shown red cards for fighting.	Cyril Thereau earned a 1-1 draw for Udinese after Sebastian De Maio put hosts Genoa in front, while Sassulo held on for a 1-0 win over Chievo after Domenico Berardi scored from the spot in the first half.	Cyril Thereau earned a 1-1 draw for Udinese with his goal at the Luigi Ferraris stadium in Genoa.
Cesar Azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the Barclays Premier League title, and he thinks they have shown their strength by staying top of the table since'day one'.	The Spanish defender and his club team-mates sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, six points clear of nearest rivals Manchester City with a game in hand.	The Blues have long been considered title favourites and Azpilicueta puts that down to the lightning start they made back in August, winning seven of their first eight games to take up first place early on.	Cesar Azpilicueta (centre) is counting down the games until Chelsea win the Barclays Premier League title.	Azpilicueta's Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday at 3pm.	In fact, Jose Mourinho's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead, on goal difference, since their impressive 3-1 win over Burnley at Turf Moor in their season opener back on August 18.	Their form has dipped at points since, most notably in defeats to Newcastle United and Tottenham Hotspur, but Azpilicueta is confident that Chelsea have been able to get through their bad moments unscathed.	'We have been top of the table since day one,' he said.	'We kept that position obviously and had very good moments, as well as some less good moments, but we were there still top of the table and this is the strength of the team.	'You can be up and down, but you have to be focused on the target and I think now we are in a very good position.'	Jose Mourinho's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their opening 3-1 win over Burnley.	Diego Costa scored in the opening weekend win at Turf Moor and has scored 18 more in Chelsea's title bid.	Chelsea signed Atletico Madrid left back for # 16million in the summer, but he has been largely kept out of the team by Azpilicueta who has consistently played in his less-natural position rather than at right back.	Unsurprisingly, the 25-year-old Spaniard - who has had two weeks off after not being selected for his national team - is pleased to have kept his place under new competition within the Chelsea squad this season as they go in search of a league and Capital One Cup double.	Filipe Luis (right) arrived for # 16million at Chelsea in the summer but has been kept out by Azpilicueta.	'If you ask every player in every team, they are going to say they want to play and when you do not play, obviously you are not as happy as when you do play,' Azpilicueta told Sky Sports.'	I have to go out on the pitch and give everything, to try to fight for every ball, to play and be useful for the team.	And obviously when I finish the game and I feel I have given everything and we win, I am happy.	'There are individual battles in the game that you have to win.	And after, if we win every one then I think the team will also win.'
Reports of Cristiano Ronaldo's decline have been greatly exaggerated: The Real Madrid forward scored five goals against Granada, taking his tally in La Liga to 36 for the season - more than half of Europe's top teams.	Granada were torn to shreds by Ronaldo and his Real team-mates as the European champions won 9-1 at the Bernabeu, and their Portuguese talisman managed the first five-goal haul of his career.	His record of 36 league goals for the season overtook Lionel Messi's 32 strikes, and put him in the incredible position of having scored more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in Europe's top five leagues this season.	Cristiano Ronaldo scored an incredible five goals against Granada to lift his tally for the season to 36.	Granada were torn to shreds by Ronaldo and his Real team-mates as the European champions won 9-1.	The Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top leagues, including nine in England.	There are nine teams in the Barclays Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Cristiano Ronaldo has this season.	They are:.	Stoke City, Newcastle United, West Bromwich Albion, Hull City, Aston Villa, Sunderland, Queens Park Rangers, Burnley and Leicester City.	Ronaldo took some flak last month after a series of poor performances for Real, but his goalscoring has never waivered and even through a difficult period he managed six goals in 10 games, the sort of record most strikers can only dream of.	And his displays across the season have brought more goals than the likes of Newcastle United, Malaga, Borussia Dortmund, Torino and Lille.	The first three of his five goals against Granada marked the quickest hat-trick of his career, coming in just eight first half minutes.	Another followed 16 minutes later, and his last came 35 minutes after that.	Ronaldo's displays across the season have brought more goals than the likes of Borussia Dortmund and Lille.	It all adds up to a brilliant Easter Sunday for the world's best player, and he spoke of his delight afterwards.	Lionel Messi and Barcelona came out on top in El Clasico but he has fewer league goals than Ronaldo.	Borussia Dortmund, who can boast Marco Reus among their ranks, have fewer goals than the Real talisman.	While Ronaldo overtook Messi on the goalscoring charts, the hat-trick - which could have been doubled - levelled the Argentine's record of 24 La Liga trebles.	He almost matched Real legend Alfredo Di Stefano's 28 hat-tricks for Los Blancos in what was their biggest league win in 48-and-a-half years.	It all adds up to a brilliant Easter Sunday for the world's best player, and he posted on Twitter after the game, saying:'Happy to have scored 5 goals with this excellent team work.	Thank you for all your support.'	If the critics still see Ronaldo as greedy, it certainly paid off at the Santiago Bernabeu on Sunday.	Premier League: Stoke City, Newcastle United, West Bromwich Albion, Hull City, Aston Villa, Sunderland, Queens Park Rangers, Burnley, Leicester City.	La Liga: Malaga, Athletic Bilbao, Rayo Vallecano, Real Sociedad, Celta Vigo, Espanyol, Getafe, Levante, Eibar, Elche, Deportivo la Coruna, Almeria, Granada, Cordoba.	Bundesliga: Augsburg, Borussia Dortmund, Mainz, Cologne, Hertha Berlin, Freiberg, Hannover, Hamburg, Paderborn, Stuttgart.	Serie A: Torino, Sassuolo, Udinese, Empoli, Chievo, Atalanta, Cesena, Cagliari, Parma.	Ligue 1: Lille, Rennes, Nantes, Guingamp, Nice, Bastia, Evian, Lorient, Toulouse, Metz, Lens.
Twelve months ago, Liverpool were a free-flowing, potent attacking force with the SS (Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge) firing on all cylinders - the pair would eventually end up scoring 52 of Liverpool's 101 goals in the Premier League.This season, however, the goals have dried up.	Replacing Suarez was always going to be a near-impossible task, but Liverpool fans would have started the season quietly confident that the quality was there to collectively make up for the Uruguayan's absence.	Unfortunately for Brendan Rodgers, things in the final third have not quite clicked in the final third in the way they did last season.	Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge (right) scored 52 Premier League goals for Liverpool last season.	Raheem Sterling has struggled in front of goal this season, scoring only scored six Premier League goals.	Jordan Henderson (centre) celebrates scoring sixth goal of the season, a penalty against Arsenal on Saturday.	With just seven games of the season left Liverpool have scored just 45 goals - compared to 84 at the same stage last season - and their top scorers - Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard - have scored six goals each.	To put that into context, only Crystal Palace (Dwight Gayle and Mile Jedinak - four) and Sunderland (Adam Johnson and Steven Fletcher - four) have top scorers with fewer Premier League goals than Liverpool.	while Aston Villa's top scorers Christian Benteke and Gabriel Agbonlahor have also only managed six each.	What the stats clearly show is that Liverpool have not filled the void left by Suarez, they are missing a Harry Kane (19 goals), a Diego Costa (also 19), a Sergio Aguero (17), even a Charlie Austin (16 goals) - and it has cost them dearly.	Harry Kane (centre) did n't score against Burnley on Sunday, but has 19 Premier League goals this season.	Diego Costa is the joint top scorer in the Premier League with 19 goals in his first season in England.	Liverpool fans would argue that in Sturridge, who scored 21 league goals last term, they do have a player capable of scoring 20 + goals a season - and they are right.	The England striker has had a frustrating season due to various injuries, and that is unfortunate, but Liverpool's others goal threats - Raheem Sterling, Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert - simply have n't met the standards set by the SS last season.	Some may also argue that while Liverpool lack a single focal point in attack, the group as a whole have picked up the slack.	That may be true to an extent but Kane and Costa have scored more than Sterling, Henderson and Gerrard combined.	And there can be little doubt that had Sturridge remained fit all season he would have more than six Premier League goals by this stage of the season.	The are mitigating circumstances for Liverpool, no doubt, but the stats do n't lie and the fact that no one person has grabbed the mantle left by Suarez or Sturridge has proven costly for Liverpool - and may be a crucial reason why they miss out on Champions League football next season.	Only Sunderland and Crystal Palace have top scorers with fewer Premier League goals than Liverpool this season.	ARSENAL - Alexis Sánchez, Olivier Giroud.	14.	ASTON VILLA - Christian Benteke, Gabriel Agbonlahor.	6.	BURNLEY - Danny Ings.	9.	CHELSEA - Diego Costa.	19.	CRYSTAL PALACE - Dwight Gayle, Mile Jedinak.	5.	EVERTON - Romelu Lukaku.	8.	HULL - Nikica Jelavic.	8.	LEICESTER - Leonardo Ulloa.	7.	LIVERPOOL - Raheem Sterling, Steven Gerrard, Jordan Henderson.	6.	MAN CITY - Sergio Aguero.	17.	MAN UNITED - Wayne Rooney.	12.	NEWCASTLE - Papiss Cisse.	11.	QPR - Charlie Austin 16.	SOUTHAMPTON - Graziano Pelle.	8.	STOKE - Mame Biram Diouf.	8.	SUNDERLAND - Adam Johnson, Steven Fletcher.	4.	SWANSEA * - Wilfried Bony.	9.	Ki Sung-yueng.	7.	TOTTENHAM - Harry Kane.	19.	WEST BROM - Saido Berahino.	12.	WEST HAM - Diafra Sakho.	10.	* Wilfried Bony scored nine goals for Swansea before moving to Man City.	The club's current top scorer is Ki Sung-yueng with seven goals.
Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every Barclays Premier League fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats.	Here is all the information you need for Aston Villa's home clash with QPR... Aston Villa vs Queens Park Rangers (Villa Park).	Team news.	Aston Villa.	Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is definitely without a trio of key players for their key game with QPR.	Alan Hutton limped off in Saturday's 3-1 defeat at Manchester United with an ankle problem and has been ruled out of Tuesday's game along with Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood.	Alan Hutton (left) attempts to play a pass under pressure from Manchester United's Daley Blind in Aston Villa's 3-1 Barclays Premier League defeat at Old Trafford on Saturday.	Philippe Senderos and Kieran Richardson (both calf) are doubts along with Tom Cleverley (adductor) and Aly Cissokho (groin) - although they are training - while Libor Kozak is sidelined as he continues to recover from a broken leg.	Provisional squad: Guzan, Given, Lowton, Okore, Vlaar, Clark, Cissokho, Kinsella, Delph, Gil, Sanchez, Grealish, Cole, Cleverley, Richardson, N'Zogbia, Agbonlahor, Benteke, Weimann.	QPR.	QPR are without Chilean winger Eduardo Vargas and South Korean left-back Yun Suk-young for Tuesday's Barclays Premier League clash at Aston Villa.	Vargas is ruled out with a knee injury sustained in the 4-1 win at West Brom while Yun will not travel to Villa Park for precautionary reasons after suffering a head injury in the same match.	Eduardo Vargas jumps in an attempt to beat West Brom's Chris Baird to the ball in QPR's 3-1 win at the Hawthorns in the Barclays Premier League on Saturday.	Hoops boss Chris Ramsey is also without knee-injury victims Richard Dunne, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin while Darnell Furlong is still sidelined with a calf problem.	Provisional squad: Green, Isla, Onuoha, Caulker, Hill, Phillips, Sandro, Barton, Kranjcar, Austin, Zamora ; Hoilett, Grego-Cox, McCarthy, Henry, Doughty, Sutherland.	Kick-off: Tuesday, 7.45 pm.	Odds (subject to change):.	Aston Villa 21/20.	Draw 9/4.	QPR 11/4.	Referee: Craig Pawson.	Managers: Tim Sherwood (Aston Villa), Chris Ramsey (QPR).	Head-to-head league record: Aston Villa wins 12, draws 10, QPR wins 21.	Key match stats (supplied by Opta).	Aston Villa have scored just seven goals in their last 20 Premier League matches against London sides, and never more than once in a match in that time (W2 D3 L15).	QPR have not won back-to-back away games in the Premier League since September 1995.	Christian Benteke has scored four goals in his last four league games for Tim Sherwood's side, more than he had netted in his previous 21 (3).	Charlie Austin has been involved in 20 of QPR's 35 league goals this season (16 goals, four assists).	The last season that Queens Park Rangers won both home and away in the league against Aston Villa was back in 1986/87.	Charlie Austin celebrates scoring his and QPR's second goal in their 2-0 win over Aston Villa at Loftus Road.	Aston Villa have won five and drawn one of their six Premier League games against the Hoops at Villa Park.	QPR's last league win at Villa Park came back in March 1992 (1-0).	QPR have scored in each of their last 12 Premier League matches against Aston Villa.	Aston Villa have won just one of their last eight Premier League home games (W1 D3 L4).	Villa have failed to find the net in four of these eight matches.
Andy Murray came close to giving himself some extra preparation time for his wedding next week before ensuring that he still has unfinished tennis business to attend to.	The world No 4 is into the semi-finals of the Miami Open, but not before getting a scare from 21 year-old Austrian Dominic Thiem, who pushed him to 4-4 in the second set before going down 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in an hour and three quarters.	Murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Argentina's Juan Monaco.	Prior to this tournament Thiem lost in the second round of a Challenger event to soon-to-be new Brit Aljaz Bedene.	Andy Murray pumps his first after defeating Dominic Thiem to reach the Miami Open semi finals.	Muray throws his sweatband into the crowd after completing a 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory in Florida.	Murray shakes hands with Thiem who he described as a'strong guy' after the game.	And Murray has a fairly simple message for any of his fellow British tennis players who might be agitated about his imminent arrival into the home ranks: do n't complain.	Instead the British No 1 believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world number 83, originally from Slovenia, as motivation to better themselves.	At present any grumbles are happening in private, and Bedene's present ineligibility for the Davis Cup team has made it less of an issue, although that could change if his appeal to play is allowed by the International Tennis Federation.	Murray thinks anyone questioning the move, now it has become official, would be better working on getting their ranking closer to his.	'If he was 500 in the world they would n't be that fussed about it but obviously he threatens their position a bit,' said the 27 year-old Scot.'	and he's obviously the British number two, comfortably.	'So they can complain but the best thing to do is use it in the right way and accept it for what it is, and try to use it as motivation whether they agree with it or not.	He's British now so they've just got to deal with it.	Murray stretches for a return after starting his quarter final match slowly on the show court.	Thiem held nothing back as he raced through the opening set, winning it 6-3 with a single break.	The young Austrian is considered to be one of the hottest prospects on the ATP Tour.'	I would hope that all the guys who are below him now like James (Ward), Kyle (Edmund), Liam (Broady) they will use it as motivation.	If he becomes eligible for Davis Cup then those guys are going to have to prove themselves.	'It can only be seen as a positive for those guys using it to try to get better.	He's a good player but so are James and Kyle and Liam has improved.	Aljaz is there, he's on the tour every week, the other guys are n't quite there yet.'	For the first time Murray, who has an encyclopaedic knowledge of the top 100, gave his opinion of Bedene:'He's a good player with a very good serve.	He's a legitimate top 100 player, when he plays Challengers he's there or thereabouts, when he plays on the main tour he wins matches, it's not like he turns up and always loses in the first round.	Murray's fiancee was once again watching from the stands shaded by a huge brimmed hat.	Kim Sears flashes her enormous diamond engagement ring while watching her beau on court.	'He had a bad injury last year (wrist) but has recovered well.	I would imagine he would keep moving up the rankings although I do n't know exactly how high he can go.	I've practised with him a couple of times, I have n't seen him play loads, but when you serve as well as he does it helps.	I would imagine he' s going to be comfortably in the top 70 or 80 in the world for a while.'	It is understood the Lawn Tennis Association will give background support to his case regarding the Davis Cup but have made it clear that the onus is on him to lead the way.	An official statement said:'To have another player in the men's top 100 is clearly a positive thing for British tennis and so we very much welcome Aljaz's change in citizenship.'	The last comparable switch came twenty years ago when Greg Rusedski arrived from Canada.	It was by no means universally popular but, like Bedene, he pledged that he was in for the long haul and, in fairness to him, he proved true to his word.	Loising the first set shocked Murray into life as he raced to a commanding lead in the second.	The No 3 seed sent over a few glaring looks towards his team before winning the second set.	Murray had to put such matters aside as he tackled the unusually talented Thiem, a delight to watch.	Coached by Boris Becker's veteran mentor Gunter Bresnik, he slightly resembles Andy Roddick and hits with similar power but more elegance.	His single handed backhand is a thing of rare beauty.	However, he has had a mediocre season coming into this event and there was little to forewarn of his glorious shotmaking that seemed to catch Murray unawares early on.	The world No 4 looked to have worked him out in the second, but then suffered one of his periopdic mental lapses and let him back in from 4-1 before closing it out with a break.	After breaking him for 3-1 in the decider the Austrian whirlwind burnt itself out.	'He's a strong guy who hits the ball hard and it became a very physical match,' said Murray.	Murray was presented with a celebratory cake after winning his 500th match in the previous round.
Reigning champion Novak Djokovic dug deep to avoid a shock exit at the hands of Alexandr Dolgopolov before powering into the quarter-finals of the Miami Open.	The unseeded Dolgopolov - ranked 65th in the world, 64 places behind Djokovic - surprised the Serbian by winning a first-set tie-break and building a quick 4-2 lead in the second set.	But Djokovic steeled himself and rallied to force a decider, which he wrapped up without much resistance from his deflated Ukrainian opponent.	Novak Djokovic celebrates after securing a quarter-final place at the Miami Open.	Novak Djokovic came back from a set down to reach the quarter-finals of the Miami Open on Tuesday.	Alexandr Dolgopolov had both of his soles bandaged and won only three points in the final set.	Djokovic claimed a succession of long exchanges in the second set to even the match and go on to win.	The 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 triumph pits the world number one against David Ferrer in the last eight after the Spaniard saw off Gilles Simon 7-6 (7/5) 6-0 in a little over an hour and a half.	Also through to the quarters are British number one Andy Murray and fourth seed Kei Nishikori.	The Scot racked up a 500th career win by edging out Kevin Anderson 6-4 3-6 6-3 to book a meeting with Austrian Dominic Thiem, a 7-6 (7/5) 4-6 7-5 victor against Adrian Mannarino.	Nishikori of Japan made light work of David Goffin and his 6-1 6-2 sees him progress to a match-up against big-serving American John Isner, who rallied to upset fifth seed Milos Raonic 6-7 (3/7) 7-6 (8/6) 7-6 (7/5) in a match which last two and three-quarter hours.	David Ferrer celebrates after defeating Gilles Simon to book his place in the last eight.	Simon is grounded after a fall during his defeat to Ferrer, who faces Novak Djokovic next.	Andy Murray was given a celebratory cake to mark 500 wins on the ATP circuit after beating Kevin Anderson.	Tomas Berdych also made it through to the quarter-finals by beating Gael Monfils.	Kei Nishikori is also through to the last eight, defeating Serbia's Viktor Troicki.	Czech challenger Tomas Berdych reached his sixth quarter-final of the season by beating Gael Monfils 6-3 3-2.	The Frenchman conceded the match by retirement after suffering a heavy fall on court, and Berdych will meet Juan Monaco following the unseeded Argentinian's 6-3 6-3 conquest of Fernando Verdasco.	In the women's competition, Carla Suarez Navarro lost the first set 6-0 but hit back to see off Venus Williams 0-6 6-1 7-5 and reach the semi-finals.	There she will face Germany's Andrea Petkovic after the ninth seed beat Karolina Pliskova of the Czech Republic 6-4 6-2.
That really takes the biscuit!	Celtic's Leigh Griffiths invoked the power of the Tunnock's Tea Cake in his warm-up routine for Good Friday night's game with St Mirren.	The controversial striker warily looked round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat within the first 10 minutes of the vital SPL encounter.	His manager, Ronnie Deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime for his players.	Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during their match at St Mirren.	Griffiths was caught in the act on the substitutes bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match.	But he would n't have been impressed when Griffiths was caught tucking into the biscuit on live TV.	Needless to say the Scotland star remained firmly on the bench throughout the Premiership leaders' 2-0 win in Paisley.	The commentator on BT Sport asked:'Are you allowed to do that on the bench?	-- I'm not sure.	Part of a footballer's healthy diet.'	Griffiths has always something in reserve.	Next time, maybe it will be a Caramel Wafer.	Despite not starting for the Bhoys, Griffiths looks content as he tucks into the biscuit on Good Friday.
At last, some good news for Sunderland and Newcastle United -- apparently form goes out of the window in a derby.	Now is n't that a relief?	On Sunday afternoon, both sets of supporters will have the chance to suspend the depressing reality of their current plight.	Over the course of their last six matches -- 12 in total -- the pair have amassed a not-so-mighty six points.	During that same period -- 18 hours of football, no less -- they have scored four times between them, conceding 22 along the way.	It is little wonder they have billed this one'The Desperation Derby'.	Perhaps'The Donkey Derby' would be more apt.	John Carver issues instructions to his players during training on Friday ahead of Sunday's derby.	Carver put his Newcastle players through their paces during the session at St James' Park.	Dick Advocaat wraps up warm as he prepares his Sunderland side for Sunday's crunch clash.	Sunderland are the country's most out-of-form side and, unless new boss Dick Advocaat can reverse what is a sorry slide towards the bottom three, they will be back in the Championship come August.	Newcastle wo n't be, but therein lies the problem.	It is job done on Tyneside.	The Magpie mandate is survival and little more, a dispiriting acceptance of mediocrity which has permeated a squad in desperate need of overhaul, both in terms of quality and character.	The same can be said of a Sunderland side who have won just four times all season.	If it was n't for the history and intensity of the rivalry, this would have all the appeal of The Dog and Duck versus The Red Lion.	Perhaps that is being disrespectful to pub teams, however.	But, amid all of the gloom, the stakes remain sky high, albeit for different reasons.	For Sunderland, it is about survival.	Forget their bid for a record-making five straight victories over the enemy.	Forget, even, bragging rights.	Carver is fighting to secure his future as Newcastle manager beyond the end of this season.	Advocaat was all smiles as he attempts to steer Sunderland clear of Premier League relegation.	With trips to Arsenal and Chelsea to sign off their dismal season, this is one of six winnable matches which will determine their fate.	Advocaat knows as much and hinted on Friday that he is working on a six-game rescue plan.	Their last six have yielded just two points and one goal.	Should that sad sequence persist then it will end in a future-defining demotion to the second tier.	For never has relegation come at such a cost given the fulsome flow of the Premier League cash-cow.	For Newcastle head coach John Carver, it's about making a point.	The outcome of this game will shape his future also.	Lose, and the chances of him landing the job beyond the end of the season will take a serious hit.	'I have stopped thinking about getting the job on a permanent basis, I really have, because if I keep worrying about everything that's going on, if I keep worrying about everybody who has been linked with the job, then I wo n't be giving this my 100 per cent, so I do n't even think about "permanent",' said Carver.	'In my eyes, I am permanent.	In the contract I signed there was nothing about "short term", there was nothing about "interim".	I am the permanent manager and that's my mindset on this, so I do n't even think about the summer.'	Newcastle are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away in recent months.	Jermain Defoe, who has scored twice since his return to England, trains with team-mates on Friday.	Advocaat, meanwhile, will be gone come June, regardless of which division he leaves Sunderland in.	To that end, his reputation is on the line.	'If I did n't think I could do it then I would have said "no",' said the 67-year-old, who has never been relegated, as a player or manager.	'I need to give the players confidence.	I need to be a little bit softer because of the position we're in, but if they do n't do what I want then they wo n't play.	'The game against Aston Villa [ 4-0 home defeat ] shows you that something is wrong.	They will not play like that under me.'	History is at least on Advocaat's side.	By a quirk of footballing fate, his predecessors -- Paolo di Canio and Gus Poyet -- both won derbies in their second match in charge.	'The pressure is on then, yes?'	laughed Advocaat.	He may joke and dismiss such coincidence, but those victories both played a part in Sunderland avoiding relegation.	Gabriel Obertan (left) closes in on Mehdi Abeid during Friday's training session at St James' Park.	Tim Krul works on his handling as he prepares to keep Sunderland out in the Tyne-Weir derby on Sunday.	And that is a recurring theme on Wearside -- a tedious tale of an annual battle against the drop.	At least that, however, offers some perverse excitement for supporters.	Up the road at Newcastle, the club who returned profits of # 18.7 million last week are in debt to a fanbase which, mystifyingly, still exceeds 50,000 on a fortnightly basis.	Anger has made way for apathy at Gallowgate, for fans have accepted that, as long as Mike Ashley remains in power, their lucrative existence -- at least that is for the owner -- resides somewhere between 17th and 10th.	For the Toon Army, it is'The Derby of Disillusion'.	Indeed, many supporters resent their own club as much as they do their rivals across the river.	Throw in Jack Colback returning to the Stadium of Light for the first time since his defection to Newcastle, Sunderland's Adam Johnson playing at home for the first time since his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl, as well as a ludicrous 4pm kick-off in the middle of a Bank Holiday weekend, and you feel that a potentially poisonous atmosphere awaits.	But the good news is that form goes out of the window.	We can only hope that much is true.
River Plate are keen to sign Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao but admit a deal is complicated.	The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009 and River Plate are open to Falcao returning.	During an interview with Esto es River program, vice president Matias Patanian said:'We dream of Falcao Garcia.	The doors are open.'	River Plate are keen to sign former forward Radamel Falcao who has struggled on loan at Manchester United.	River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club'dream of Falcao' and that'the doors are open' The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford this term - scoring just four Premier League goals - and it remains to be seen whether United will exercise the option to keep the frontman or whether he will return to parent club Monaco.	However, Falcao has been in good goalscoring form for his countrythis week, finding the net three times in two games to equal Colombia's all-time goalscoring record with 24 goals.	Joining River Plate at the age of 15 in 2001 before making his first-team debut four years later, Falcao went on to score 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Primera Division club.	Falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Argentine club during his four seasons in the first team.
Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 as the Golden State Warriors held off the Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 on Tuesday for their 10th consecutive victory.	David Lee added 17 points for the Warriors, who had lost four in a row at Staples Center.	The Clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken.	Blake Griffin had 40 points and 12 rebounds, Chris Paul added 27 points and nine assists, and J.J. Redick scored 14.	Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry reacts after making a three-pointer against the Los Angeles Clippers.	Drake was courtside at the Staples Center to watch the LA Clippers' home match.	Paul's layup drew the Clippers to 106-104 with 12 seconds left, but he was called for a backcourt violation taking an inbounds pass from DeAndre Jordan with nine seconds left.	Thompson and Curry combined for four straight free-throws to close out the win for the Pacific Division champions.	Elsewhere, Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play-off spot in the Eastern Conference with its season-high fourth straight victory.	Brook Lopez had 24 points and 11 rebounds and Joe Johnson added 21 points, including five straight after the Pacers got within three with about two minutes left.	The Nets moved back ahead of Boston and dealt a blow to the Pacers, who fell 1.5 games behind Brooklyn for the final play-off spot.	They visit the Celtics on Wednesday.	San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker scored 16 points against Miami Heat in his 1,000 th NBA game.	The East-leading Atlanta Hawks, meanwhile, stumbled on the road, losing to Detroit 105-95.	Andre Drummond had 22 points and 13 rebounds for the Pistons, who have won five of six.	Thabo Sefolosha scored 19 points for the Hawks, who have dropped two of three.	In Miami, Tony Parker scored 16 points in his 1,000 th NBA game and Kawhi Leonard had 22 to lead San Antonio past the Heat 95-81.	San Antonio stayed No 6 in the West, and could clinch a play-off berth on Wednesday in Orlando.	The Heat remained in the No 7 spot in the Eastern Conference but now are two losses behind Milwaukee and only a half-game up on Brooklyn.
Does any player fluctuate between world-beater and under-achiever more than Andros Townsend?	Currently on a high after his stunning equaliser for England against Italy in Turin on Tuesday night, the 23-year-old Tottenham winger has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers.	On his day, Townsend stands in comparison with the very best.	He terrifies defenders with his speed and directness -- a trait he also possesses off the pitch judging by his'told you so' tweet to a critical Paul Merson this week.	That ability was first noticed two years ago when he single-handedly tried to save QPR from relegation with a string of virtuoso performances.	Later in 2013, he turned in two of the great international displays of recent years when he destroyed Montenegro and Poland at Wembley to book England's place at the World Cup.	Andros Townsend unleashes an unstoppable right-footed strike from 20 yards to score England's equaliser.	The Tottenham and England winger celebrates his goal against Italy, which was his third for his country.	His strike in Turin, measured at 77.2 mph, was further evidence he belongs on the top table.	'We are indebted to Andros -- he is a game-changer,' said England manager Roy Hodgson.	And yet... How can a player with Townsend's obvious ability be sent out to nine different clubs on loan by Spurs.	Why has he still not played a full 90 minutes for his club in the Premier League this season?	How come in the autumn it was Townsend rather than Aaron Lennon who was seen as surplus to requirements at White Hart Lane?	He has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs.	Wingers are by nature of their position more inconsistent than other players.	If they are starved of service, they can appear ineffectual.	And if they try too hard when they do get the ball, they can squander possession.	And even by wingers' standards, Townsend is a risk-taker.	It can make him look unstoppable at times and a waste of time at others.	Hodgson admitted agonising about giving him a debut ahead of James Milner and Jack Wilshere against Montenegro 18 months ago, but he was man of the match and scored the important third goal in a 4-1 England victory.	Townsend celebrates scoring England's third goal against Montenegro in a World Cup qualifier.	Townsend as a pundit for ITV during the World Cup.	Articulate and bright -- his father Troy is a leading figure in football's anti-racism body Kick It Out -- he was comfortable in the television studio as a pundit at last summer's World Cup when an ankle injury ruled him out of Hodgson's squad.	Sometimes intelligence also means a determination to play the game your way, not always appreciated by managers obsessed by tactics.	Townsend thrived with Harry Redknapp at QPR but it did n't look as if he fitted in under Mauricio Pochettino at Spurs.	He started the season being used for Capital One Cup and Europa League games rather than the important Premier League stuff.	Even now, if things are n't going well, the chances are Townsend will be sacrificed.	At Old Trafford he was taken off after half an hour when Spurs were being beaten 2-0 by Manchester United.	But he is starting games now ahead of # 25million Erik Lamela with another rival, Lennon, loaned out to Everton.	For his club, he has hit some rarefied heights, most notably a European game against Dynamo Tbilisi when he scored a goal and made two others.	When Hodgson's squad was announced for the recent double-header against Lithuania and Italy, Merson claimed Townsend should n't have been included.	The player had scored for The Three Lions against San Marino this season but missed the Slovenia and Scotland games with another ankle injury, another reason for his inconsistency.	Following his equaliser, Townsend tweeted in response:'Not bad for a player who should be'nowhere near the squad".	He later added he hoped he had silenced his critics.	Townsend looks dejected after his first-half substitution during Tottenham's 2-0 defeat by Manchester United.	The truth is Townsend's style may be best suited to international football which after all is cup knockout when you get to the big tournaments.	For the grind of a full Premier League season, you ca n't afford to have one thrilling moment followed by wasting possession or a wayward shot.	The statistics back that up.	He has scored three goals in seven games for England compared with three in 21 Premier League starts for Spurs.	He will have to try to improve on that ratio when he dons his club shirt again at Burnley on Sunday.	In that sense, you can understand why Hodgson will continue to pick him regardless of club form.	He is, in the manger's words, a game-changer.	Tottenham will be hoping that Townsend can replicate his international form for his club.
The goals may have dried up at club level for Graziano Pelle but the Southampton striker repaid Italy coach Antonio Conte's faith by scoring against England.	Having arrived from Feyenoord at a reported cost of # 9million, the 29-year-old seamlessly slotted in at St Mary's, netting nine goals in his first 12 matches.	However, Pelle has struggled in front of goal in recent months and has not managed to find the net in the Barclays Premier League since December 20.	Graziano Pelle celebrates after giving Italy the lead against England at Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.	The Southampton striker glanced Girogio Chiellini's cross into Joe Hart's far corner to make it 1-0.	Saints fans will be hoping that drought may soon come to an end after seeing the striker score a fine, glancing header in the Azzurri's 1-1 draw with England at the Juventus Stadium.'	I felt good today and the manager gave me the opportunity,' Pelle, the only British-based player in the Italy squad, said.	England No 1 Hart dives in vain as Pelle claims his second international goal in his third cap.	Pelle has not scored in the Premier League for Southampton since December.	'Those that play always have to prove themselves to the coach.'	I played alongside Eder at Sampdoria and we understand each other well.	I'm happy to have scored and to have been given another chance by the manager.'	I wanted to score another but unfortunately it did n't happen.'
Winning the league championship used to be the ultimate achievement for any manager and make him bombproof for many years to come.	That's not the case today.	Incredibly, the last four mangers to have won the Premier League have all left their jobs by the following year -- three sacked and one retired.	And on the latest evidence, it will be no surprise if Manuel Pellegrini becomes number five this summer.	A dejected Manuel Pellegrini following Manchester City's 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday night.	Pellegrini guided City to their second Premier League title in three seasons back in May.	But Pellegrini's City side were humbled at Selhurst Park on Monday to kill off any remaining title hopes.	City sit fourth after the defeat, nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea, who retain a game in hand.	WIN THE LEAGUE.	.	AND THEN OUT.	JOSE MOURINHO (CHELSEA).	Won Premier League in 2006 ; sacked 2007.	Jose Mourinho ended Chelsea's 50-year wait to be champions by winning the Premier League in his first season 2004/05, and then retained the trophy the following season.	But as his reputation soared, his relationship with owner Roman Abramovich soured and he left in September 2007 despite having three years left on his contract.	Despite domestic success, Abramovich craved the Champions League and had become frustrated with the team's defensive style.	For his part, Mourinho felt belittled by having players signed on Abramovich's say-so, most notably Andriy Shevchenko who was a declining force.	Mourinho celebrates winning back-to-back Premier League titles with Chelsea in 2006.	Mourinho departed Stamford Bridge the following year, despite having three years left on his contract.	CARLO ANCELOTTI (CHELSEA).	Won PL in 2010 ; sacked 2011.	Carlo Ancelotti led Chelsea to their first league and FA Cup Double in his first season, scoring a record number of goals that still stands today.	However, he failed to win a trophy in his second season and that was enough for Abramovich to pull the trigger despite finishing second in the table.	Ancelotti knew the game was up as he puffed on a cigarette and chatted to David Moyes after Chelsea had lost the final game of the season 1-0 at Everton.	The Italian bounced back to win the Champions League with Real Madrid last season and will be among the contenders for the City job should Pellegrini leave.	Carlo Ancelotti celebrates with the Premier League trophy after Chelsea secured the title in 2010.	Ancelotti departed Stamford Bridge a year later after failing to win silverware in his second season.	ROBERTO MANCINI (MANCHESTER CITY).	Won PL in 2012 ; sacked 2013.	Mancini ended City's 44-year wait for the league title when Sergio Aguero scored against QPR on the final minute of the final day of the season.	Yet his controversial approach led to him falling out with Carlos Tevez and Mario Balotelli, and criticising Adam Johnson and Joe Hart, and when City failed to win a trophy the following season and failed in the Champions League, the Italian was out.	His demise was widely reported on the morning of the FA Cup Final against Wigan Athletic.	City fans chanted Mancini's name but they lost the final and he was dismissed the following week.	Roberto Mancini celebrates with the Premier League trophy as Man City win the league in 2012.	Mancini waves goodbye after being sacked by Manchester City 12 months after the title win.	SIR ALEX FERGUSON (MANCHESTER UNITED).	Won PL in 2013 ; retired in 2013.	The only one of the managers who left on his own terms.	Ferguson won a record 13th title and walked away into the sunset after the final game of the season, a remarkable 5-5 draw at West Brom.	The United boss said later he had wanted to retire the previous season but City's title win persuaded him to carry on for another year and wrestle the trophy back -- which he did.	Ferguson helped pick David Moyes as his successor but he grew disillusioned with his fellow Scot after Moyes got rid of his assistant Mike Phelan and built a team around Wayne Rooney.	Sir Alex Ferguson led Manchester United to their 13th Premier League title in 2013 before retiring.	Ferguson salutes the fans after his final game in charge at United - a 5-5 draw with West Brom in 2013.	MANUEL PELLEGRINI (MANCHESTER CITY).	Won PL in 2014,???	The Chilean followed Mourinho and Ancelotti in winning the Premier League in his first season and also lifted the Capital One Cup as Sergio Aguero and Yaya Toure in particular shone.	But this season has been a major disappointment.	City crashed out of the Capital One Cup, FA Cup and Champions League early and currently stand fourth in the Premier League.	The knives are out.
A pair of childhood friends who played football together as boys are set to marry years as man and wife after reuniting when one of them underwent gender reassignment surgery.	Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are now a couple, with the latter transitioning to become a woman at the age of 23.	The pair, who now live in South Bank, Middlesbrough, grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers.	Fay Purdham and Christopher Dodd are to marry after reuniting years after Miss Purdham underwent surgery to become a woman.	The pair grew up together as boys, playing football and Playstation for endless hours.	Miss Purdham, who was born Kevin, (left), began her transition after Christopher (right) move away from the area where they both lived as children.	Soon after they parted ways Fay, who was born Kevin, started her transition to becoming a woman by taking hormones.	They reunited at a party years later and are now planning their dream wedding.	'When I saw Fay again, I was gob smacked by how beautiful she was and I fell for her immediately,' said Mr Dodd, who is studying chemistry at Middlesbrough University.	'It took me some time to get my head around the fact that she used to be my best friend Kevin but I have never looked at her in any other way other than the fact she is a gorgeous woman.'	The pair were inseparable as children and spent endless hours playing football.	Christopher was my best friend in the world when I younger.	'We used to be together all the time from when I was about nine going on 10 -- he was a close family friend -- and we spent hours together playing'boy' games when I was Kevin,' Miss Purdham said.	The couple now live together and are planning their family, with Miss Purdham having frozen her sperm before changing gender.	But even as a young boy she said she knew she was slightly different.'	I used to play with cars and guns and play sports like my friends, but I also loved playing with dolls.'	Aged 12, she realised she was gay and came out to her family after spending years dressing up in her sister's clothes in wigs secretly.	From then the youngster became increasingly feminine, saving up her pocket money to buy women's clothes and experimenting with make-up.	Aged 16 she began taking hormones to begin her physical transformation, by which point Christopher had already moved away with his family.'	I had gradually stopped playing with Christopher and he had moved away anyway,' added Miss Purdham.	'It was sad and I missed him but I did n't think him, being a boy, would understand what was going on.	'When I started to transition from about the age of 16, I lost touch with him and did n't see him again for several years.'	In fact the couple did not meet again until Mr Dodd's 21st birthday when Miss Purdham, who is unemployed, turned up with her sister.	'As soon as he saw me, he came over to me,' she recalled.	'He had heard through family that I'd had surgery to become a woman but the last time he'd seen me I was Kevin.	'His first words were: "God you look different" and we both burst out laughing.	While Mr Dodd knew his girlfriend had changed genders through family friends, when the pair finally reunited at his 21st birthday party he said he was'gobsmacked' by her beauty.	Miss Purdham with her sister.	While the 27-year-old's sibling and mother were accepting of her decision, she said she thinks her father found it more difficult to cope with.	Miss Purdham had long been dressing up in her sister's clothes and wigs by the time she told her family she wanted to become a woman.	She is pictured above left, as Kevin, and right, in a recent photograph.	After coming out as gay and leaving school, Miss Purdham began experimenting more with women's clothes.	Mr Dodd, who is a chemistry student in Middlesbrough, moved away with his family before Miss Purdham's transition.	'Now he had really grown into a handsome young man and I was very attracted to him right from the start -- plus I had that feeling that he was also liking me too.	"We sat talking for ages about the old days and then suddenly, he kissed me - and it felt like the right thing to do.'	They began dating, with Mr Dodd eager to understand more about his new girlfriend's transformation.	'He was curious about it all of course and a little afraid, I think.	It was all new to him and the fact that I had been a boy and we had been so close at one time was a little difficult to get his head around.	'But he never ever treats me little anything less than the woman I am and he's very respectful of me.'	They are now engaged and are planning a family, with Miss Purdham having frozen her sperm before undergoing gender reassignment surgery.	'We are so excited for our future.	I still ca n't believe that all this is happening -- and that Christopher has fallen in love with me given our backgrounds.'	I feel very lucky that fate crossed our paths again.	He's definitely the man of my dreams -- and I know I'm his girl.'	The couple live together in South Bank, Middlesbrough.	When they kissed for the first time, Miss Purdham said it felt'right'
Host commentator.	So that's it from the Sportsmail live coverage of Real Madrid versus Granada.	Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo (five, yes, five), Karim Benzema (two), Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win.	Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation.	Thanks for following our coverage.	If you enjoyed it, why not follow our minute-by-minute updates of Tottenham Hotspur's trip to Burnley back in the Barclays Premier League.	Our live coverage has started HERE.	That's it at the Bernabeu.	Final score, Real Madrid 9-1 Granada.	The biggest win of the La Liga season and what a way for the home side to get back to winning ways after El Clasico!	90 mins: A fifth for Ronaldo.	He heads in at the far post from Modric's cross.	Real Madrid have managed half the amount of goals Granada have scored in total all season, before today, in just this game!	88 mins: Good stop by the Spanish keeper as he denies Granada a second goal, saving at his near post.	83 mins: It's a tough job stopping Ronaldo, but you do n't help yourself when you put the ball in your own net.	Luka Modric crosses in, with the Portuguese forward at the far post but the ball does n't even reach him.	Diego Mainz puts his past his own goalkeeper.	That's eight.	82 mins: Hernandez is brought down for a foul and Ronaldo and Bale shape up to take the subsequent free-kick from 25 yards.	The Portuguese forward takes it and hits it through the wall but well wide.	74 mins: The very definition of a consolation.	Robert Ibanez breaks through, Ramos lets him cut inside and Casillas ca n't quite stop it from finding the net.	Not a perfect afternoon for Real Madrid.	72 mins: Useless, this bloke, is n't he?	Ronaldo ca n't manage a fifth goal as he stretches to reach Jese's cross but sends the ball wide of the goal.	70 mins: No let-up here, Bale plays the ball into Ronaldo but it gets stuck under his feet and his finish is wide of the left-hand post.	68 mins: A great cross from Marcelo finds Manchester United loan star Hernandez but it ends up in the goalkeeper's hands.	66 mins: He scored with a free-kick for Wales during the international break and Gareth Bale almost repeats the trick here.	His curling effort from the right-hand side hits Oier Olazabal's side netting.	61 mins: An excellent return to the side for James Rodriguez ends as he is replaced by Jese.	Two-goal Karim Benzema is replaced by Javier Hernandez too.	56 mins: 7-0.	That's S-E-V-E-N.	Benzema finds the net again.	His shot is deflected into the net by the defender but they all count.	Embarrassing for Granada.	Real Madrid are ruthless and there could be more with 34 minutes to go.	54 mins: Bale's had criticism for not passing to Ronaldo recently, but he's laid a goal on a plate for the four-goal hero here.	Granada so poor in defending as the Welsh winger latches on to a ball played over the top, he knocks it across goal to give Ronaldo an open net to finish into.	It looks like he's hurt himself in a collision with the goal but should be alright.	52 mins: And it's five!	The corner is put in by Rodriguez, Benzema is allowed to control it on his chest inside the box and he strikes a beauty into the top corner of the net.	Awful defending on.	Real's BBC have come under some stick of late but they've all scored here.	Ronaldo gets us started at the Bernabeu.	Can he get even more goals in this second half?	15 minute break at the Bernabeu.	4-0 at the half-time whistle and Ronaldo has been at his rampant best.	Cutting Barcelona's La Liga lead is a formality for Real.	44 mins: That's more like it from the visitors.	Youssef El-Arabi hammers in a shot from outside the area but it cannons off the crossbar and down on to the line.	Definitely not over, so no controversy, but Granada have come close.	43 mins: Have Granada given up?	Ronaldo turns provider this time, crossing from the right-hand side into Benzema but the keeper gathers.	38 mins: This is getting silly now.	it's a landslide.	Ronaldo brings the ball forward and he blasts it past the goalkeeper from the edge of the box.	It's an eight minute hat-trick for the Ballon d'Or winner and Real Madrid are out of sight.	36 mins: Ronaldo plays the ball out to Marcelo, it's crossed in and the goalkeeper ca n't deal with it, palming it out to the feet of Ronaldo.	Is there anyone worse to put the ball on a plate for?	The former Manchester United man smashes the ball in and it's 3-0.	He's top scorer in Spain now ahead of Messi.	34 mins: Ronaldo is now level on goals for the season with Lionel Messi.	32 this campaign.	It's relentless from Real Madrid at the minute but Granada stop them with plenty of bodies back.	Plenty more goals to come here at a sunny Santiago Bernabeu.	30 mins: That's game over.	Ronaldo makes it 2-0.	Benzema makes a mess of a cross but the Granada defence are all over the place.	It comes out to James Rodriguez who pulls off a great flick to gift Ronaldo the ball and he finishes confidently.	25 mins: Gareth Bale breaks the deadlock and gives Real Madrid the lead!	The Welshman is played in by a brilliant pass from Toni Kroos, he does well to round the goalkeeper and just keeps it in to finish off the move and give his side the lead.	22 mins: How has Alvaro Arbeloa not scored?	Real's full backs are both up in the opposition half and Marcelo whips a dangerous cross into the penalty area from the right.	Arbeloa meets his tantalising ball but somehow his effort goes wide.	On target and it was almost certain to be a goal.	Poor.	18 mins: Real have been on top but it's the opposition who come close here.	It's a great chance for Granada as Sergio Ramos refuses to close down Robert Ibanez after a terrible throw from Iker Casillas but luckily for the Real Madrid pair, the Granada man drags his shot inches wide.	16 mins: The pressure is on Granada now, Real have two corners in a row.	Taken by Rodriguez and Toni Kroos but both set-pieces come to nothing.	13 mins: Lovely stepover from Cristiano Ronaldo on the left-hand side of the box and he fires in a shot early that leaves the goalkeeper fooled.	Unluckily for him it hits the side netting.	Real Madrid are finding their feet.	10 mins: Big error by Juan Carlos, he misses a long ball over the top ahead of his goalkeeper and Gareth Bale is ready to pounce.	The Welshman unfortunately nips the ball over the bar between the two Granada men but Real are getting closer.	8 mins: Excellent cross from James Rodriguez, looking sharp despite just returning to the first team.	It finds Benzema at the back post and he slides in to finish but his shot is straight at the goalkeeper.	Real's first chance.	Granada have every player inside their own half, gives you an impression of how this one is going to go... 6 mins: Granada manager Abel Resino must have been working hard on that high line this week, Karim Benzema is caught offside now, Real struggling to find a way through in the opening minutes despite dominating possession.	4 mins: Cristiano Ronaldo has just been ruled offside as Real Madrid try to start an attack.	The Granada back four of Foulquier, Babin, Mainz and Carlos are playing a fairly high line so let's wait and see if Real can catch them out.	Here we go as Real Madrid look to take the lead at the top of La Liga.	Granada get us going.	Not long until we kick off now, Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo and co are almost ready.	Granada are second-bottom of La Liga so this game should represent a great opportunity for them to reel in Barcelona before they play Celta Vigo later this evening.	The Andalusian side have lost three of their last five games but Real's form is similarly poor, matching their losses over the same period.	Marca's front page yesterday spoke of how Real want to win their last 10 games to take the La Liga title.	Can they start on that road today?	Granada go with 4-2-3-1.	Pretty attacking team for a trip to the Bernabeu.	Will their bravery pay off?	Olazabal ; Foulquier, Babin, Mainz, Carlos ; Rico, Iturra ; Ibanez, Rochina, Candeias ; El Arabi.	Carlo Ancelotti had confirmed that James Rodriguez would be back in the Real Madrid side during his press conference on Saturday, and his words ring true.	The Colombian playmaker starts in place of Isco, who is suspended.	Alvaro Arbeloa comes in for Dani Carvajal and Raphael Varane is in for the injured Pepe.	Here's the Real Madrid team for this morning's game: Casillas ; Arbeloa, Ramos, Varane, Marcelo ; Modric, Kroos ; Bale, Rodriguez, Ronaldo ; Benzema.	Cristiano Ronaldo scored five, including a seven-minute hat-trick, as Real Madrid beat sorry Granada 9-1.	Gareth Bale broke the deadlock and Carlo Ancelotti's team were 4-0 up before half time as they put memories of their Clasico defeat to Barcelona a fortnight ago behind them.	The huge gulf in class showed in the midday sunshine at the Bernabeu right from minute 20 when Bale bullied Diego Mainz off the ball and charged through on goal.	He dribbled around flailing Granada keeper Oier Olazabal before nudging the ball over the line for 1-0.
It is still Der Klassiker - but not quite as we know it.	The fierce rivalry between Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund has dominated German football for much of the past decade, reaching its crescendo when the two titans met in the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley.	For a while, Der Klassiker represented the pinnacle of European football.	Briefly, it carried as much relevance on the continental stage as El Clasico between Barcelona and Real Madrid - maybe even more.	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang of Borussia Dortmund looks dejected after Robert Lewandowski of Bayern Munich scored an equaliser during Der Klassiker between the teams at the Allianz Arena in November.	Arjen Robben eventually grabbed the winner five minutes from time as Bayern defeated Dortmund 2-1.	Former Dortmund striker Lewandowski (left) battles with defender Mats Hummels during the recent Bundesliga clash at the Allianz Arena.	But as these two prepare to meet in front of an 80,000 audience at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday evening, some of that lustre has been lost.	There is something unsettling about Bayern and Borussia being separated by nine Bundesliga places and a whopping 31 points.	It just does n't seem right, they should be No 1 and No 2.	It feels very weird that nothing is riding on the outcome, at least so far as the title race is concerned.	A Bayern win will confirm what we already know, that they will be champions for a third successive season.	Bayern Munich's Arjen Robben scores past Borussia Dortmund's goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller during the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley Stadium.	Bayern Munich defeated Borussia Dortmund 2-1 at Wembley to win the Champions League - a period in which Der Klassiker was one of the highlights on the European football calendar.	A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead but is n't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield.	It would, however, boost their hopes of qualifying for Europe.	Therein lies the problem - these two have experienced contrasting seasons in the extreme, to the point where the transferable Klassiker tag could soon be applied to another fixture - perhaps Bayern vs Wolfsburg or Bayern vs Monchengladbach.	Having been rock-bottom at the beginning of February, Jurgen Klopp's Dortmund embarked on a seven-match unbeaten run, winning five, and could salvage a modicum of respectability from a disastrous season - and perhaps offset a summer exodus of their best players - by finishing in the top six.	Mario Gotze celebrates scoring for Borussia Dortmund with Robert Lewandowski in their 1-0 win at Bayern Munich in November 2011 - both have since joined Bayern as Dortmund have slipped down the table.	For Klopp, whose reputation around Europe has taken a battering this season, insists that Der Klassiker is still as significant as ever.	'We've got to try to beat Bayern and where that can take us in the league is secondary,' he said.	Gotze refuses to celebrate after scoring for Bayern Munich against Dortmund in November 2013.	'Although we're 10th, and although there's a huge points gap between us, and although a lot is different compared to the past, it's still a Borussia Dortmund home game.'	I do n't recall us gifting any of these games in the past.	Gladbach have shown us how it's done.	Wolfsburg have also beaten them, but it's not all that easy.'	Dortmund do have positive recent memories in this fixture to draw upon.	They won 3-0 at the Allianz Arena at the tail end of last season, for example, though it came far too late to alter the destination of the title, which Bayern won by 19 points.	They completed the double over their rivals en route to winning their back-to-back Bundesligas in 2010-2011 and 2011-2012.	But those great moments seem a long time ago now and the fixture is harder to hype without so much riding on it.	Another source of optimism for Klopp is Bayern's mounting injury list, with winger Franck Ribery, who has a recurring ankle problem, joining Arjen Robben and David Alaba on the sidelines.	Not that club chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge was panicking:'We can not change it and it would be a mistake if Bayern started to lament now.'	Quite understandable.	Another thrilling climax to the season awaits for Pep Guardiola and his team - they are coasting to a 25th championship, travel to Bayer Leverkusen in the last eight of the DFB-Pokal and Porto in the same stage of the Champions League.	Another Treble looms for this all-conquering side.	And, for a change, Dortmund are in no position to affect that.
It is eight long, barren years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby and the bookmakers are n't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year.	When Wasps claimed the Heineken Cup in 2007 with victory over Leicester, it seemed unthinkable that the Premiership would not produce another continental champion for so long.	Yet since then Irish teams have seized four titles -- Leinster claiming a hat-trick -- and French teams three, accurately reflecting the balance of power in the European game.	This season is not seen as any real exception, despite the presence of four English sides in the last eight of the new Champions Cup.	There is a consensus among the bookies that holders Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year, with Clermont their primary challengers followed by Racing and Leinster.	The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend and are all firm underdogs.	Francois Louw runs with the ball during the Bath Rugby training session held at Farleigh House.	Bath's George Ford practices his kicking during the training session at the Farleigh House complex.	Leinster's Jamie Heaslip is tackled by Sailosi Tagicakibau during the Champions Cup match with Wasps.	In World Cup year it would provide a clear boost to national morale if one of their elite clubs could shatter the status quo by lifting the trophy on May 2 but there are significant reasons why an English triumph should n't happen.	The first comes down to money.	Northampton, Saracens, Bath and Wasps are well-funded, with strong squads, but their resources are modest compared to French powerhouses Toulon, Clermont and Racing, who have budgets three or four times the size of their Premiership opponents.	Across the Channel, squads are awash with Test-class players from around the world, even on the bench.	Meanwhile, Leinster have superb recent European pedigree and benefit from the Irish system which sees top players rested from league duties in order to peak on these major occasions.Bath will find themselves in hostile territory at the Aviva Stadium, but they went to Toulouse in January and scorched the earth to win 35-18.	If their pack can go toe-to-toe with the hosts, the likes of Jonathan Joseph are capable of wreaking havoc.	Make no mistake, Mike Ford's team are capable of winning in Dublin.	Also on Saturday, Northampton face an arduous task in trying to storm the Stade Marcel Michelin fortress where Clermont are on a 22-match unbeaten run in Europe.	The Saints are the only English team to win an away quarter-final against French opposition -- beating Biarritz 7-6 in 2007.	English sides have lost the eight other quarter-finals they have played across the Channel.	Clermont's New Zealand winger Zac Guildford (left) tries to escape a tackle during the match against Paris.	Clermont winger Napolioni Nalaga (right) charges with the ball during the match against Bordeaux-Begles.	Nothampton's Stephen Myler (left) and Luther Burrell (right) prepare to tackle Jamie Roberts of Racing Metro.	The current Premiership champions were losing Heineken Cup finalists in 2011.	To reach that stage again would require a monumental result this weekend, but Clermont are far from infallible, as Saracens proved, thrashing them 46-6 in last season's epic semi-final.	The London club lost to Toulon in the final, but they have been the standard-bearers for English rugby in the last two seasons and will believe they can go to Paris and beat Racing, who can be wildly inconsistent.	Wasps captain James Haskell provides a link back to the club's distant 2007 success, but Dai Young's men will be confronting a multi-national force in Toulon that would beat most Test teams.	If they were to stun the holders, it would go down as one of the greatest shocks in European competition.	There is a fair chance that one English team can progress, with Bath and Saracens the more likely candidates.	If two were to make it, that would provide a colossal and timely boost to national morale.	Wasps captain James Haskell receives a pass during the training session at Twyford Avenue Sports Ground.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 to notch a second straight Copa America warm-up victory without Lionel Messi at a freezing MetLife stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday.	Gerardo Martino's Argentina, with captain Messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury, had beaten El Salvador 2-0 in Washington on Saturday.	They went in front after eight minutes on Tuesday when midfielder Javier Pastore glanced an Angel di Maria corner towards the far post where striker Sergio Aguero headed his 22nd international goal and first since Argentina beat Germany 4-2 in a friendly last September.	Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero celebrates his goal in Argentina's 2-1 win on Tuesday night.	Javier Pastore celebrates after scoring Argentina's winner in Tuesday night's 2-1 success over Ecuador.	Pastore celebrates with Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo after scoring the winning goal.	Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero had opened the scoring for Argentina at the MetLife Stadium.	Fans celebrate Aguero's opener during the first-half as Argentina continued their Copa America preparations.	Argentina: Romero, Otamendi, Rojo, Roncaglia, Garay, Di Maria (Lavezzi 79), Pastore (Banega 79), Biglia, Mascherano, Mancuello (Pereyra 46), Aguero (Tevez 75).	Substitutes not used: Rulli, Guzman, Orban, Musacchio, Zabaleta, Ramiro Funes Mori, Rodriguez, Messi, Higuain.	Scorers: Aguero 8 ; Pastore 58.	Ecuador: Dominguez, Erazo, W. Ayovi, Paredes, Achiller, Mena, Lastra (Gruezo 65), Bolanos, Noboa, Ibarra (Martinez 85), Caicedo (J. Ayovi 70).	Substitutes not used: Azcona, Dreer, Pineida, Bagui, Arboleda, Mina, Larrea, Valencia, Montrero, Rojas.	Scorer: Bolanos 24.	Booked: Bolanos.	Referee: S. Petrescu.	Ecuador equalised midway through the first half when a mistake in the centre of the Argentina defence allowed left back Walter Ayovi to square to Miller Bolanos in the box and the striker shot low past Sergio Romero.	Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute when an Ecuador clearance was blocked and he beat the offside trap to tap the ball under goalkeeper Alexander Dominguez.'	I thought this was a pretty good Argentina in general terms though we have a lot to work on with our coordination,' Martino told reporters.	'Messi is having trouble getting his boot on because of the pain, there's no way he could play.'	The match, which began in a sleet storm and was played in temperatures barely above freezing, was Gustavo Quinteros's second in charge of Ecuador while defender Ayovi won his 100th cap.	Mexico, who beat Ecuador on Friday, also had their second consecutive win by beating Paraguay with a goal from Eduardo Herrera in the third minute at the Arrowhead in Kansas City.	Sergio Aguero (left), Sergio Romero (centre) and Angel di Maria stand in the snow during the warm-up.	Javier Mascherano almost kicks Ecuador's Miller Bolanos in the face as he goes for the ball.	Nicolas Otamendi tries to control a bouncing ball ahead of Ecuador's Renato Ibarra.	Javier Pastore is challenged by Osbaldo Lastra during the friendly international in New Jersey.	Marcos Rojo (No 16) and Ecuador duo Gabriel Achiller (No 21) and Osbaldo Lastra protest a decision.	Sergio Aguero carries the ball forward as he tries to instigate another attack for Argentina.	It was Paraguay coach Ramon Diaz's second match in charge.	Peru, playing under new coach Ricardo Gareca for the first time, went down 1-0 to Venezuela at Lockhart stadium in Florida, Josef Martinez scoring the winner.	Venezuela had lost 2-1 to Jamaica on Friday.
An unknown Englishman playing in his first PGA Tour event will have the chance to complete an unbelievable fairytale at the Shell Houston Open on Sunday and earn the most unlikely invitation to the Masters.	Surrey-born Kelvin Day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit, the Web.com Tour but decided to enter qualifying for the Houston event.	This is a real 36 hole lottery where 131 players were fighting for the final four spots.	With two excellent rounds of 64, the 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place -- and how he has taken advantage.	It was a decent achievement in itself to make the halfway cut, and it earned him a third round draw alongside two rather more famous Englishmen in Paul Casey and Justin Rose.	Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders and remains in with a chance of making the Masters.	Day, however, refused to be overawed as he put together a tidy, bogey-free scorecard to match the 68 shot by Casey and upstage Rose, who shot 72.	Incredibly, that has left Day alongside Casey in tied sixth place, just three shots off the lead held, almost inevitably, by the remarkably consistent young American, Jordan Spieth.	Realistically, a top ten finish would be a fine achievement for Day, which would earn him a place in the field for the tournament after the Masters, the Heritage in South Carolina.	But it is worth bearing in mind that a victory would not only earn him a PGA Tour card but the last spot in the field for Augusta.	Would n't that be some story?	Casey only learned he was in the field for the Masters himself last Sunday, and is continuing his welcome revival this season with another good showing.	He is a former winner of this event and again showed his liking for the course.	Record crowds descended on the Houston suburb of Humble to watch the great crowd pleaser Phil Mickelson, who began one off the halfway lead and the newest Texan golfing hero, Spieth.	Jordan Spieth leads the way in Houston.	But while the latter delivered with a 67 to lead the way on 14 under, Mickelson could only muster a 75 to tumble down the leaderboard.	It's amazing to think it's only 18 months since Spieth was attracting heavy criticism for dropping out of college to take his place on the PGA Tour as the 809th ranked player in the world.	While his former university classmates are studying hard for their final exams, 21 year old Spieth might be said to have passed his own particular exam with flying colours, since he has risen to fourth in the world and will go second behind Rory McIlroy should he claim this title on Sunday.	He would also take his earnings over those 18 months to almost $12 million.	Funnily enough, he's not attracting criticism anymore.	Spieth, watched by his parents and younger sister Ellie, hass a one stroke advantage over a trio of lesser-known countrymen -- Scott Piercy, former Houston champion Jason Wagner and Austin Cook.	'I've got a lot of friends as well as my family in the gallery and I shall certainly be trying to win for them on Sunday,' said Spieth.	If he did that it would be his fourth victory in his last nine starts and underline his status as one of the favourites to win the green jacket.	Spieth finished runner-up behind Bubba Watson on his Masters debut last year.	Like Day, 24 year old Cook is trying to write an astonishing story of his own.	He just happens to be the Monday qualifier who tied Day for first place.	As for Mickelson, his poor form over the past few months caught up with him on Saturday after opening rounds of 66 and 67 had raised hopes he was close to his best.	The 44 year old fell apart over the closing stretch, registering four bogeys in his last five holes.
As if the news that Tiger Woods will be back at the Masters next week was not encouraging enough for American golf, the sight of a resurgent Phil Mickelson at the Shell Houston Open provided added lustre.	The gifted leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader Andrew Putnam going into the third round.	While Woods electrified the twittersphere with his announcement, his great rival thrilled the massive number of fans on the ground with a display that recalled all his great days.	Another to enjoy a good day was Englishman Justin Rose, who provided further encouraging evidence he is now over his bleak March with a 68 that has left him just four shots off the pace and in contention going into the weekend.	Phil Mickelson capped his resurgence in form at the Houston Open with rounds of 66 or 67.	Mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round with The Masters a week away.	Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week.	As for Woods, the news he will end his self-imposed exile next week was enthusiastically welcomed here in Texas.	Padraig Harrington had only to be told Woods had played a practice round at Augusta National on Friday before pre-empting the official announcement.	'If Tiger is fit and healthy there's absolutely no way he will be sitting out the Masters,' said Harrington.	'It will be great to see him back.	Just by being there he will add to the intrigue and the fascination.'	Woods fuelled speculation he would return when he flew by private jet from Florida to play a practice round last Tuesday.	He reportedly shot 74 with the dreaded chipping yips making an unwelcome return with a thinned shot across one green that finished in a bunker.	It was those problems that caused him to take a break from the game in the first place.	Back in late January he skulled a number of chips in a horrific 82 at the Waste Management Open, his worst score as a pro.	Woods said he would n't return until he was satisfied he could compete.	Justin Rose continued his upturn in form with an encouraging round of 68.	Mickelson has struggled for form this year and carded an 82 at the Waste Management Open.	Woods reportedly shot a round of 74 in practice at Augusta on Tuesday and had a return of the chipping yips.	There will be considerable scepticism he can compete next week given it's over a year now since he turned in a decent tournament.	Woods missed the Masters last year owing to back surgery.	As for Harrington, his welcome revival continued after a second round 69 that took him to five under but Lee Westwood's tournament is over.	Two rounds of 71 were not good enough for the English veteran to make it through to the weekend.
Michael Carrick's outstanding second-half performance for England against Italy on Tuesday night has put him on course to become the longest-serving outfield player to represent the Three Lions behind Sir Stanley Matthews.	Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001 as a teenager with West Ham United and if -- as now seems likely -- he carries through to Euro 2016, he will be the first non-goalkeeper since the legendary Sir Stanley to have an international career spanning more than 15 years.	Matthews won his 54 England caps over a 23-year period between 1934 and 1957, interrupted of course by the Second World War.	Michael Carrick's appearance for England against Italy on Tuesday night keeps him in the longest-serving list.	Carrick has played for England for 13 years, 310 days - while Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days.	Sir Stanley runs with the ball in action for England against Brazil at Wembley in an international friendly.	Stanley Matthews (1934-57) 22 yrs, 228 days.	Peter Shilton (1970-90) 19 yrs, 224 days.	Frank Lampard (1999-2014) 14 yrs, 257 days.	Steven Gerrard (2000-2014) 14 yrs, 23 days.	David Seaman (1988-2002) 13 yrs, 335 days.	Michael Carrick (2001 -) 13 yrs, 310 days.	... AND THE LEGENDS HE OVERTOOK.	David Beckham (1996-2009) -- 13 yrs, 43 days.	Sir Bobby Charlton (1958-70) 12 yrs, 23 days.	Bobby Moore (1962-73) 11 yrs, 178 days.	Gary Lineker (1984-1992) 8 yrs, 22 days.	Carrick was hailed by Manchester United team-mate Wayne Rooney as'the best player on the pitch by a mile' after the 33-year-old was introduced as a half-time substitute in Turin and helped Roy Hodgson's men fight back to earn a 1-1 draw.	His longevity already surpasses that of great names like Sir Bobby Charlton, Bobby Moore, David Beckham and Gary Lineker and if he continues to play in the next European Championship he will overtake Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard too.	The only player to have had a longer career since Matthews is goalkeeper Peter Shilton who played for England between 1971 and 1990.	It also begs the question why Carrick, who has won four Premier League titles and the Champions League with Manchester United, has been used so sparingly by his country at international tournaments.	He played once at the 2006 World Cup in a 1-0 victory against Ecuador, was in the squad but never played by Fabio Capello in the disastrous 2010 campaign in South Africa, and was n't even selected by Roy Hodgson last year in Brazil, even though England's perennial problem has been keeping the ball.	With Rooney now captain and clearly a huge fan of the midfielder, it seems unlikely Carrick will be overlooked again and is now finally getting the recognition he deserves.	The 33-year-old may still have a few years left but remains a long way off Sir Stanley's record.	Carrick (left) pictured with England team-mates Raheem Sterling (centre) and Danny Welbeck (right).	vs Italy, March 31, 2015.	vs Lithuania, Mar 27, 2015.	vs Poland, October 15, 2013.	vs Montenegro, October 11, 2013.	vs Brazil, June 2, 2013.	vs Ireland, May 29, 2013.	vs Montenegro, March 26, 2013.	vs Poland, October 17, 2012.	vs San Marino, October 12, 2012.	vs Moldova, September 12, 2012.	vs Italy, August 15, 2012.	vs Mexico, May 24, 2010.	vs Egypt, March 3, 2010.	vs Ukraine, October 10, 2009.	vs Slovenia, September 5, 2009.	vs Holland, August 12, 2009.	vs Slovakia, March 28, 2009.	vs Spain, February 11, 2009.	vs Germany, November 19, 2008.	vs Germany, August 22, 2007.	vs Brazil, June 1, 2007.	vs Spain, February 7, 2007.	vs Holland, November 15, 2006.	vs Croatia, October 11, 2006.	vs Macedonia, October 7, 2006.	vs Macedonia, September 6, 2006.	vs Ecuador, June 25, 2006.	vs Jamaica, June 3, 2006.	vs Uruguay, March 1, 2006.	vs Colombia, May 31, 2005.	vs USA, May 28, 2005.	vs Holland, August 15, 2001.	vs Mexico, May 25, 2001.
French giants Paris Saint-Germain have been dealt a major blow with the news that David Luiz will miss the Champions League clash with Barcelona.	The former Chelsea man pulled up clutching his hamstring following a bursting run against Andre-Pier Gignac in the first-half of Sunday's game against rivals Marseille.	Current French champions PSG went on to win the game but the news of Luiz' injury came as a major worry.	David Luiz carries the ball out of defence on one of his trademark forays, but one such run led to his injury.	The Brazilian defender immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced.	And those worries have since been confirmed as scans revealed the Brazilian will be out of action for at least four weeks meaning he will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona.	Laurent Blanc's side are still fighting for the Ligue One title and could be forced to play eight matches without the 27-year-old.	PSG currently sit top of the pile in France just one point ahead of Lyon in second.	Luiz limped off, and could now be a doubt for the Champions league quarter-final against Barcelona.
An aspiring country singer from West Virginia has become a viral sensation after he posted a video of himself online singing to his uncle who has Down syndrome.	Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline.	'He is a big part in my life and I do n't know what I would do without him.	He's one of the sweetest people I have ever met,' wrote Travis on his Facebook page.	Sweet serenade: Travis Hatfield sung a George Jones song to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline, who has Down syndrome.	The video went viral onine.	'Just wanted everyone to see what our weekends together consist of!'	he continued.	The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.	'When I made the video it was made just to be sent to friends because everybody loves him.	I just wanted them to see him happy and singing a little bit.'	said Travis.	In the video, Travis sings and his uncle chimes in with occasional lines as he recognizes parts of the song.	Family fun: The pair sing together at least once a week.	Uncle Jamie lives with Travis after his parets died a few years ago.	At one stage the pair belt out the song with such passion, they are both in tune.	'He is the inspiration,' Hatfield told WOWK radio.	'His love for music is probably stronger than mine, honestly.	Every day he is blasting his radio out.'	Going up in West Virginia, Travis says he was surrounded by country music and knew he wanted to be a singer from about the age of six.	Travis and Jamie team up to hit the high notes at least once a week during which time the duo can sing anything from George Jones, to Jason Aldean, to Brantley Gilbert.	Uncle Jamie has lived with Travis for more than a decade since his uncle's parents died.	Ambition: Travis says he had long dreamed of becoming a country singer and is now receiving offers from Nasville.	Travis says he is now finding that because of the popularity of the video, he has fans all over the country and has even taken calls from Nashville record labels.	He vows that if all goes well he will be auditioning for The Voice for the 2016 season.	He is currently working on a CD that consists of 12 original songs and hopes to release his music soon.	The budding performer says he also hopes to take a trip to Tennessee and visit Music City USA before long to hopefully secure a record deal his family can be proud of.
Rory McIlroy admits Thursday can not come soon enough as he bids to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters.	The hype surrounding McIlroy's attempt to join Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods in winning all four major titles has been building since the night before his Open victory at Hoylake last July.	And although the return of Woods to competitive action after two months on the sidelines has taken some of the spotlight off McIlroy, the world No 1 is anxious to let his clubs do the talking.	Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the Masters.	The world No 1 shields himself from the rain as he plays a shot during a practice round.'	I said in the middle of last week,'If Augusta was to start tomorrow, I'd be okay.	I'm ready," McIlroy said on Tuesday.'	I think that's a good indication of where I am with my game.	I've been ready for this thing to start for a week already so just trying to keep my game where it is and do some quality work, not overdo it.	'Just do the right amount so that when I got here yesterday for the first time, I was ready to play and just needed to go see the golf course.	I was n't working on anything in my game, my swing.	Was n't thinking about technique at all.	Just all about hitting the shots I need to and thinking about how to manage my game and get it around here for the next four days.	'Results-wise, the last three tournaments have n't been what I've wanted.	I still feel like there's plenty of positives to take from them, especially Doral and Bay Hill, I felt like I played pretty good there.	A couple silly mistakes here and there, but for the most part I felt like I got what I needed out of them.	'But the last two weeks have been great.	I've just practised at home in Florida and made another trip up here a couple of Fridays ago.'	I just really felt like spending a couple of weeks away from this (media attention), I guess, and just preparing at home and in private and not really having everything critiqued and analysed and over-analysed.	I just wanted to get away from it all, and I feel like it's been a good thing.'	All eyes have been on Tiger Woods' latest comeback, which could take the pressure off of McIlroy.	The Northern Irishman speaks to Wood's girlfriend Lindsey Vonn and his children during practice.	McIlroy followed Woods into the media centre at Augusta National and admitted the presence of the 14-time major winner - who was relaxed and jovial with the press - could work in his favour.'	A little bit, I guess,' the 25-year-old added.	'It is such a big story, Tiger coming back at the Masters after a bit of a lengthy period where he has not been around.	But still I'm just here to play golf and you guys can write the stories, I wo n't read them and we'll move on.'	McIlroy has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta - last year's tie for eighth - although he did take a four-shot lead into the final round in 2011 before collapsing to a closing 80.	He admits he will have to play the par fives better to have a chance of slipping on a green jacket on Sunday, covering them in level par last year compared to eight under by champion Bubba Watson, who finished eight shots ahead.	McIlroy led the field heading into the final day of the 2011 Masters before suffering a dramatic meltdown.	McIlroy plays a shot from the azaleas as he recorded his best finish of eighth in last year's tournament.	But he also believes Augusta National suits his game if he can take advantage of having a nine iron in his hands for second shots to holes like the 13th and 15th.'	I think I've developed a game where I can compete at pretty much any golf course now.	That might not have been the case two or three years ago,' McIlroy added.	'But if you're looking at the courses, Augusta's the one that should set up the best for me just with my ball flight and being comfortable off the tee here, especially being able to turn the ball over from right to left.	'If I can play the way I know I can around here and just have a good week on the greens, then there's no reason why I should n't have a good chance.'
Wisconsin ended Kentucky's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years, beating the Wildcats 71-64 behind 20 points and 11 rebounds from Frank Kaminsky.	Wisconsin will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State in the earlier semi-final, at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Monday night.	'It gives us another 40 minutes, I know that,' said Wisconsin coach Bo Ryan, who leads the Badgers to their first final since 1941.	Wisconsin celebrate a 71-64 victory over Kentucky in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament.	Wisconsin players run onto the court in celebration as Kentucky's unbeaten season was brought to an end.	Wisconsin moved through to the final with a tense victory over Kentucky at the Lucas Oil Stadium.	And Kentucky has a long ride home, finishing the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since the 1975-76 Indiana Hoosiers.	Instead, these NBA-ready group of Wildcats join the star-studded 1991 UNLV team as the latest to take an undefeated record into the Final Four but lose in the semifinals.	Trailing by four and gasping for breath after going 6 minutes without a bucket, the Badgers (36-3) responded with an 8-0 run to take a lead Kentucky could n't overcome.	Kaminsky and Bronson Koenig went 7 for 8 from the line over the last 24 seconds to seal the win.	The 70,000-capacity Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, home of the Colts in the NFL, is hosting the Final Four.	Wisconsin Badgers fans cheer on their team at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis.	Kentucky's last, best chance came while trailing by three with 12 seconds left.	But Karl-Anthony Towns received the ball in the post and got fouled.	He made only one free throw, and from there, Wisconsin clinched it from the foul-line.	Earlier Saturday, Justise Winslow scored 19 points and Jahlil Okafor added 18 to lead top-seeded Duke to an 81-61 victory over Michigan State on Saturday and a shot at its fifth national championship.	Winslow, who played through some early foul trouble, had nine rebounds and was 5 for 7 from the field, while Okafor grabbed six rebounds and was 7 for 11 from the field.	Duke celebrated reaching the final of the NCAA Tournament with a 81-61 win over Michigan State.	Justise Winslow of the Duke Blue Devils goes up for a dunk in the semi-final in Indianapolis.	Senior Quinn Cook had 17 points for the Blue Devils, who dominated the game except for the opening minutes when they trailed 14-6.	Defensively, it was a team effort, just the way coach Mike Krzyzewski has stressed for his 35 seasons at Duke.	What had been wide open 3-pointers early for Michigan State became contested shots and when the Blue Devils started getting up and on the Spartans, the points were suddenly tough to come by.	Denzel Valentine finished with 22 points, which included hitting three quick 3-pointers in the first quarter to give the No. 7 seed Michigan State an early lead.	Trice scored 16 points and Branden Dawson added 12 for the Spartans.
Belly flop to belly up?	It's fair to say Steve Bruce has had better weeks than this one, which featured the publication of some poolside diving snaps and culminated in a defeat that suggests Hull might yet bomb out of the Premier League.	This was a game they could not afford to lose.	Not when their final seven games include fixtures against Southampton, Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United.	But lose they did, bringing their winless run to five and leaving themselves in a right mess.	Bafetimbi Gomis roars with celebration after giving Swansea a 2-0 lead against Hull at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.	Gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time to capitalise on some poor Hull defending.	The French striker fires a spectacular volley past Allan McGregor and into the roof of the Hull net to double the home side's lead.	The Swansea striker celebrates his strike in front of a group of young supporters after doubling his side's lead in the first half.	Swansea (4-3-3): Fabianski 6.5 ; Naughton 6 (Rangel 56, 6), Fernandez 6.5, Williams 7, Taylor 7 ; Ki 7, Cork 6.5 (Dyer 65, 6), Shelvey 6.5 (Grimes 90) ; Sigurdsson 6.5, Gomis 7.5, Routledge 6.5.	Subs not used: Amat, Emnes, Oliveira, Tremmel.	Booked: Williams.	Scorer (s): Ki 18, Gomis 37, 90 +1.	Hull (3-5-2): McGregor 5.5 ; Dawson 5.5, Bruce 6 (Diame 70, 6), McShane 6.5 ; Elmohamady 6, Ramirez 5.5 (Quinn 30, 6), Livermore 6, Meyler 5, Brady 6 ; N'Doye 5, Hernandez 4.5 (Aluko 81).	Subs not used: Rosenior, Chester, Sagbo, Harper.	Booked: Hernandez, McShane, N'Doye, Bruce, Diame.	Sent off: Meyler 53.	Scorer (s): McShane 50.	Referee: Andre Mariner.	Man of the match: Bafetimbi Gomis.	Bafetimbi Gomis scored a spectacular overhead.	CLICK HERE for more match zone.	True, they could have benefited more from refereeing decisions -- Bafetimbi Gomis was offside in the build up to his brilliant first goal and David Meyler's second-half red card could have gone either way -- but that should not exonerate a side that is supposed to be fighting for it life and yet looked so meek for half of this match.	They managed no shots on goal in the time it took Swansea to go 2-0 ahead through Ki Sung-Yueng and Gomis's bicycle kick.	And it was only in the second half that they mounted a challenge.	As fate would have it, Meyler was sent off for fouling Kyle Naughton two minutes after Paul McShane had given Hull a lifeline.	Gomis finished them in stoppage time.	Bruce was exasperated.	He said:'We were disappointed to lose the game and we knew we were nowhere near good enough in the first-half in particular.	'But the two big decisions went against us and they could have turned the game.	Gomis' first goal is a fantastic piece of skill but he is five yards offside.	Gomis grabbed his second of the match after racing on to Jonjo Shelvey's pass and chipping McGregor in injury time.	The 29-year-old celebrates in front of the Swansea fans on his hands and knees after making sure of the three points.	Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half when he pounced in the six-yard box.	The Hull defender slotted past Lukasz Fabianski from just four yard out after latching onto a free kick totally unmarked.	'We had got back into the game at 2-1 but unfortunately David has picked up a red card.	I've seen it six times now and from three angles and to me it's a perfectly decent challenge.	'The other three I look at it and he takes part of the ball and the leg collides with the boy.	We may as well say with these grey areas that you are not allowed to tackle if you tackle on the floor.'	The consequence of the challenge, beyond damage to Hull's survival prospects, is that Naughton went to hospital for an X-ray on his ankle.	Garry Monk said:'His ankle is really swollen.	That is the real negative.	We hope it is not serious.	At the time I thought it was a genuine 50-50 challenge.	My initial reaction was "bad challenge" but I do n't think there was any malice.	You run that risk if your foot is high and goes over the ball.'	For Monk, it was the only complaint from a match that Swansea probably could have won in third gear.	That's no exaggeration in the context of how poor Hull were in the opening 45 minutes.	For a team in that kind of mess, with those fixtures still to come, it was incomprehensible.	That's not to say Swansea stormed from the blocks.	Ki's opener after 18 minutes was actually the first chance of the game.	Jonjo Shelvey had taken his usual punt from distance and while Allan McGregor did well to get down and save, his parry fell squarely at the feet of the South Korean.	David Meyler was sent off for the visitors just three minutes after McShane pulled a goal back for a lunge on Kyle Naughton.	Hull midfielder Meyler and his team-mates look on in disbelief as Andre Mariner reaches for the red card.	Swansea right back Naughton limps from the field and has to be replaced by Angel Rangel following Meyler's tackle.	Ki buried the finish without taking a touch and now has scored four goals in eight games.	With seven this season, the deep-lying midfielder has become a delightfully complete player.	It took 24 minutes for Hull to have their first chance -- Abel Hernandez hit a bouncing ball from 30 yards and it trickled all the way to Lukasz Fabianski.	It was n't even on target.	The rest of their attacks fizzled, a side with five across the middle seemingly incapable of holding possession.	Gomis nailed the second with a goal that was hardly at home in such a subdued game.	It really was a beautiful finish.	Kyle Naughton delivered a ball into the area, Michael Dawson attempted to head clear and the striker buried a bicycle kick.	Replays showed he had come back from an offside position, but the finish was magnificent.	At that stage, Hull appeared out of it.	Monk warned his side of complacency at the break and, in his words,'they did the total opposite'.	It enabled Hull to pull one back after 49 minutes.	Ashley Williams had tangled with Dame N'Doye and conceded a free-kick which Robbie Brady delivered from the right.	Alex Bruce found space from six yards to flick a header at goal and McShane poked a finish past Fabianski.	For two minutes Hull looked a genuine threat.	And then, just as quickly, hope was gone.	Meyler went high on Naughton and will miss the next three games.	Ki Sung-Yueng opened the scoring for the home side inside 20 minutes after pouncing following an Allan McGregor save.	Ki leads the celebrations after giving Garry Monk's side an early advantage at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.	Hull, to their credit, did not give up.	But it was in their desperation for a leveller that they conceded a third.	Nathan Dyer dispossessed Brady and Sigurdsson sent a long ball to Gomis.	With none of Hull's outfield players in their own half, the Frenchman had time to think before a nice chip over McGregor.	In this strange old season of moans and a feint, he has also made his way to eight goals in all competitions.	It will be interesting to see if his improved recent form has soothed some of the anger caused by his January agitations.	It will be more interesting in the shorter term to see if Hull can find the significant improvement needed to get themselves out of this hole.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years.	The shocking stat is revealed as City's title hopes lay in tatters following Monday night's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace which Manuel Pellegrini's side trailed at the interval.	The last time City managed to win having been in a losing position at half-time was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2 having been 2-1 down at the break.	Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany and Joe Hart trudge off the field after losing to Crystal Palace.	Man City have not managed to win a Premier League fixture having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years.	Man City boss Manuel Pellegrini looks to the floor at Selhurst Park as his side's title dreams lay in tatters.	While City have spent five seasons out of the top-flight since the 1994-95 campaign - which Rovers went on to win - the stat still makes for incredible reading as the blue side of Manchester look to retain their Premier League crown and claim their third title in four seasons.	City's goalscorers that day were defender Keith Curle, now manager of League 2 strugglers Carlisle, from the penalty spot, former Brentford boss Uwe Rosler and Paul Walsh.	City went on to finish the Premier League season in 17th, two places above the drop zone.	Blackburn: Flowers, Kenna, Berg, Pearce, Hendry, Le Saux, Sherwood, Atkins (Batty, 78), Ripley, Sutton, Shearer.	Scorers: Shearer, 7, Hendry, 39.	Booked: Sutton, Atkins.	Manchester City: Coton, Edghill, Foster, Curle, Kernaghan, Summerbee, Flitcroft, Simpson, Rosler, Walsh (Beagrie, 78), Quinn.	Scorers: Curle (pen), 32, Rosler, 57, Walsh 71.	Booked: Kernaghan, Simpson.	Paul Walsh scores in April 1995 - the last time Man City won having trailed at half-time in the Premier League.	Uwe Rosler (left) celebrates equalising against Blackburn as Man City staged a comeback at Ewood Park.	Alan Shearer celebrates for the eventual Premier League winners after scoring the opener on seven minutes.	While City have not won having trailed at the interval in almost two decades, all of City's top six rivals have managed to overturn half-time deficits in the last five years.	Spurs came from behind to beat Hull in November 2014, Manchester United and Chelsea claimed victory after trailing at half-time last season.	Liverpool beat Aston Villa after losing 1-0 at the interval against Aston Villa in March 2013 while Arsenal came from 2-1 down to beat Chelsea 5-3 in October 2011.	To make matters worse, it seems Manuel Pellegrini's men are in need of some new blood.	City had the second oldest starting XI in the Premier League this weekend with an average age of 29 years and 345 days ; only West Brom fielded an older side, during their 4-1 home defeat to QPR.	Sergio Aguero, Vincent Kompany and goalkeeper Joe Hart were the only starters against Palace aged 28 or under.	Arsenal -- 29/10/11 -- 2-1 down at Chelsea at HT, won 5-3.	Chelsea -- 11/5/14 -- 1-0 down at Cardiff at HT, won 2-1.	Liverpool -- 31/3/13 -- 1-0 down at Aston Villa at HT, won 2-1.	Manchester United -- 5/10/13 -- 1-0 down at Sunderland at HT, won 2-1.	Tottenham -- 23/11/14 -- 1-0 down at Hull at HT, won 2-1.	Here are more shocking stats which shame Man City... Swansea have earned two more Premier League points than Manchester City since selling Wilfried Bony.
Ahead of golf's first major of the year, where all talk is of whether Rory McIlroy can complete a career grand slam or how Tiger Woods' latest comeback will fare, Sportsmail's Derek Lawrenson will bring daily updates from behind the scenes at Augusta.	World No 1 Rory McIlroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at Augusta.	VINTAGE POULTS!	You got ta love Ian Poulter.	Even after all these years, the Englishman could barely contain his excitement at driving down Magnolia Lane for the Masters.	Only one problem.	As he got out of the car, he realised he'd left one rather important item back at his rental home.	His golf clubs.	Englishman Ian Poulter was so excited to get started at Augusta that he forgot his clubs.	CAN FLU-HIT HENRIK FLY?	There is a reason why the phrase'beware the injured golfer' has entered the sport's lexicon.	So who among the lame, sick and wounded currently playing down their chances is going to confound his own expectations this week?	Listening to Swede Henrik Stenson, who's just getting over a nasty bout of flu, he fits the bill.	Henrik Stenson of Sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu.	LOOK OUT FOR TIGER CUBS.	Has Tiger Woods finally learned to look up and smell the azaleas?	Not only will he play in the traditional par-three tournament for the first time in over a decade but sharing bag-carrying duties will be his two offspring, Charlie and Sam.	Do you think there might be one or two photographers who will take an interest?	Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament.	THE PIONEER GENE.	Masters Tuesday saw the 80th anniversary of the most famous shot in the tournament's history, the one that put the event on the map, when Gene Sarazen made his albatross on the 15th hole in the final round to edge out Craig Wood.	Rory McIlroy will impress us all if he completes his career Grand Slam in more dramatic fashion than that.	Gene Sarazen played the most impressive shot in the tournaments history with an albatross on the 15th.	WAITING FOR SWEET 16.	A practice-round tradition at this grand old tournament is to gather around the beautiful par-three 16th hole and see which players are talented enough to skip their golf balls across the water and on to the green.	So far, none has matched the amazing feats of Vijay Singh in 2009 and Martin Kaymer in 2012, whose shots not only reached the green but dropped into the hole.	Martin Kaymer of Germany is one of two players to have holed after skipping off the water at the 16th.	HAND IT OVER, SIR.	As the patrons make their way through the admission gates to Augusta National, the plethora of signs listing the prohibited items offers reassuring confirmation of the list of priorities at the Masters.	In order: No cellphones.	No cameras.	No knives.	No weapons.
Quiz question.	Which player is the second-highest scorer in the country this season?	Stand up and take a bow anyone who came up with Benik Afobe, who was one of Arsenal's own before they loaned him to MK Dons and sold him to Wolves.	Afobe is young, electric-paced and on 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment Harry Kane of Tottenham and England.	Bakary Sako celebrates after scoring Wolves second goal in a 2-1 win at Nottingham Forest on Good Friday.	Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forest's Henri Lansbury.	Nottingham Forest (4-1-4-1): Darlow 6.5 ; Mancienne 6.5, Wilson 6, Lascelles 6.5, Lichaj 7 ; Gardner 6 ; Burke 7 (Walker, 76), Lansbury 5.5, Osborn 5 (Paterson, 57, 6), Antonio 5.5 (Blackstock, 83) ; Akpom 6.	Subs not used: Fox, Vaughan, Hobbs, Evtimov.	Goal: Blackstock 90 +4.	Booked: Gardner, Lascelles.	Wolves (4-4-2): Ikeme 6.5 ; Iorfa 7, Baath 7, Stearman 7.5, Golbourne 7 ; Sako 7, Price 6.5, McDonald 6.5, Henry 7 (van la Parra, 66, 5) ; Afobe 8 (Doherty, 83), Dicko 7.5 (Edwards, 66, 5.5).	Subs not used: Doyle, Ebanks-Landell, Hause, Kuszczak.	Goals: Afobe 46, Sako 72.	Booked: Price.	Ref: Andy D'Urso 6.	Man of the match: Afobe.	If he keeps this up, Afobe might even be able to inspire Wolves all the way into the Premier League.	What a bargain for # 2million, too.	Having scored 19 times for MK, the 22-year-old striker has nine goals in 15 appearances for Kenny Jackett's Wanderers.	He has a goalscoring knack, beautifully illustrated 30 seconds into the second half when he collected the ball round the centre circle and started running.	Back-tracking Forest defenders held off and held off until, boom, Afobe took a pot-shot and Karl Darlow retrieved the ball which had just avoided his finger tips.	Suddenly a tight, strangely underwhelming, match, had a breakthrough and Wolves duly capitalised on it as Bakary Sako doubled the lead from the penalty spot.	They are building up a head of steam as the Skybet Championship enters the final weeks with one defeat in nine.	Jackett has steered his team from the blind side with remarkable efficiency.	A trip across to the East Midlands could have been a very tricky encounter considering Forest's resurgence under Dougie Freeman.	The news that owner Fawaz al Hasawi wants Freedman to stay beyond the summer hardly comes as a surprise.	More importantly, from the supporters' point of view, the manager is making all the right noises about triggering his year's option too.	The Freedman effect is tangible at the City Ground, even if this turned out to be the first real blip.	Henri Lansbury has been back to something like his best after a forgettable first chunk of the season so this was a step back for him, too.	If anything illustrates BP and AP -- before and after Stuart Pearce -- then it is Lansbury's match stats.	Before Pearce's sacking Lansbury had 10 yellow cards and five goals to his name.	Since then he has picked up one more booking and scored seven times.	Admittedly he went into this Midlands derby on the back of a six-match goal drought and it was his clumsy challenge on Sako which had referee Andy D'Urso pointing to the spot.	Wolves defender Dominic Iorfa (right) battles for the ball with Forest striker Chuba Akpom.	Danny Batth (left) tackles Akpom during their Good Friday encounter at the City ground.	Gary Gardner attempts a scissor kick as Forest look to breach the Wolves defence.	A bad day at the office, then, for Forest.	Maths and time is against them making the top six but beating Wolves would have had the double impact of keeping them in the chasing pack and denting the top-six hopes of Kenny Jackett's team.	Certainly the 27,000 bumper Good Friday crowd who braved the drizzle arrived in hope and expectation because Freedman's other achievement since his arrival has been a transformation of home results.	Five straight victories at the City Ground after a similar winless run had injected optimism.	By the final whistle there were resigned expressions on faces again despite a 90th minute consolation from Dexter Blackstock.	Yet it had started promisingly.	Michail Antonio might have scored in the opening minutes although it would have been a fluke.	The Forest attacker blocked Carl Ikeme's clearance and the ball ballooned up and could have gone anywhere.	Benik Afobe celebrates after putting Wolves 1-0 ahead at the City Ground on Good Friday.	Afobe (centre) gave the visitors the lead with a right footed shot from outside the box.	The Wolves striker (centre) is mobbed by his team-mates after putting them ahead in the second half.	The home side also had their'A' man and, like Afobe there is an Arsenal connection.	Chuba Akpom was on the wanted list of many clubs in January but Forest managed to persuade the Gunners to loan him out to them.	He was named from the start but struggled to impose himself.	His best moment was a penalty claim when he went down under a challenge from Chris Burke but D'Urso was having none of it.	Highlights for Forest included a long-range effort by Michael Mancienne which was pushed wide by Ikeme while Lansbury shot over the bar from the edge of the area.	Wolves thought they had scored in the first half when Kevin Wilson's slip let in Afobe.	Darlow saved the shot and Eric Lichaj blocked the follow-up by Nouha Dicko.	Next up for the Wanderers is Leeds at home on Easter Monday.	Neil Redfearn was an interested spectator on Good Friday and he needs no telling it will be a toughie.
FA Cup semi-finalists Reading still have lingering relegation worries in the Championship after they threw away a 1-0 lead to draw 1-1 with Cardiff at the Madejski Stadium.	Reading took the lead with only four minutes gone when Pavel Pogrebnyak got a touch to Garath McCleary's nod-down to divert the ball past Cardiff goalkeeper David Marshall.	But they allowed a mediocre Cardiff side to snatch a point in the 90th minute when Conor McAleny rifled in a shot from Aron Gunnarsson's precise pass.	Cardiff's Conor McAleny (left) celebrates after scoring a late equaliser against Reading.	Reading: Federici, Gunter, Pearce, Hector, Obita, McCleary (Norwood 74'), Ake, Akpan, Robson-Kanu (Blackman 85'), Mackie (Appiah 68'), Pogrebnyak.	Subs not used: Yakubu, Karacan, Knight, Andersen.	Goals: Pogrebnyak 4' Cardiff: Marshall, Peltier (Malone 84'), Ecuele Manga, Morrison, Da Silva, Noone, Whittingham, Gunnarsson, Ralls (Kennedy 65'), Doyle (Mason 65'), McAleny.	Subs not used: Adeyemi, O'Keefe, Moore, Gabbidon.	Goals: McAleny 90' Referee: Scott Duncan.	Attendance: 17,953.	Reading face Arsenal in their last-four clash at Wembley on April 18.	On their previous semi-final appearance, in 1927, they lost 3-0 to eventual winners Cardiff at Molineux.	As Reading's cup displays have been impressive, though, their league form has been patchy.	They had won only two of their previous nine Championship matches, losing six of them.	Cardiff's season has been one of inconsistency, too, but they arrived at the Madejski Stadium on an unbeaten run of three matches.	They were also undefeated on their travels for five games, winning their past three.	Reading made the early running and were rewarded in only the fourth minute when they went ahead.	Jordan Obita crossed from the left, McCleary nodded it forward and Pogrebnyak guided it past Marshall for his third goal in two matches.	Cardiff, beaten 2-1 at home by Reading in the cup fourth round in January, replied quickly.	McAleny tried a snapshot from the edge of the Reading area but his effort was half-blocked and goalkeeper Adam Federici gathered comfortably.	Reading could have stretched their lead when captain Alex Pearce rose to meet a McCleary corner but fellow centre-back Michael Hector got there before him and glanced his header wide.	Cardiff tried hard to get back into the game but had little joy.	Fabio cut in from the left flank but his powerful strike was blocked by Pearce at the near post, and Peter Whittingham's dangerous free-kick was neatly caught by Federici.	Pavel Pogrebnyak celebrates scoring for Reading against Cardiff.	Reading continued to assert control after the break, with Chelsea loanee Nathan Ake impressing on his debut in midfield.	Most of Reading's best creative moves were channelled through him.	Cardiff relied on the swift counter-attack, with Joe Ralls almost setting free McAleny.	But his final pass carried too much pace and, with McAleny unable to retrieve it, the chance went begging.	An opportunity also went astray at the other end, when Bruno Ecuele-Manga's poor pass was intercepted by McCleary but the Reading winger hesitated too long before firing a shot wide of Marshall's far post.	Cardiff responded with a low shot from Craig Noone, which Federici did well to save, and a header from Ecuele-Manga from another Whittingham free-kick, which drifted wide.	Reading went much closer in the closing stages.	Substitute Kwesi Appiah, on debut on loan from Crystal Palace, forced a fine stop from Marshall and Hector nodded a McCleary corner into the ground and up against the crossbar.	But Cardiff grabbed a draw right at the end from McAleny's fine finish from the edge of the home area.
Fourth-place Monaco missed the chance to close the gap in the French title race after drawing 0-0 at home to Montpellier on Tuesday.	A win would have moved Monaco level on points with third-place Marseille, but coach Leonardo Jardim's side failed to break down a well-organized Montpellier side, which is in seventh place.	The visitors missed a penalty early in the second half when Paraguay striker Lucas Barrios fired a penalty over the crossbar.	Substitute Dimitar Berbatov responds as Monaco are held to a goalless draw with Montpellier at Stade Louis II.	Result sees the Principality side remain in fourth spot, behind Marseille, Lyon and Paris St germain.	Montpellier forward Lucas Barrios reacts after missing a penalty to put the visitors in the lead.	Monaco: Subasic, Fabinho, Wallace Santos, Abdennour, Kurzawa, Toulalan, Moutinho, Dirar (Berbatov), Silva (Germain), Ferreira Carrasco (Carvalho), Martial.	Subs: Stekelenburg, Kondogbia, Raggi, Traore.	Booked: Wallace.	Monpellier: Jourdren, Deplagne, Hilton, El Kaoutari, Congre, Isimat-Mirin, Marveaux, Lasne, Dabo, Mounier, Barrios (Camara).	Subs: Tiene, Martin, Berigaud, Saihi, Bakar, Ligali.	Booke: Dabo, Congre.	The draw means Monaco is two points behind Marseille, six behind Lyon and seven behind league leader Paris Saint-Germain.	Teenage striker Anthony Martial, who had netter five goals in his past four games, started ahead of 34-year-old striker Dimitar Berbatov.	In a tight first half, midfielder Morgan Sanson forced Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic into a smart save, while Monaco left back Layvin Kurzawa headed in a cross moments before the interval, but his effort was ruled out for offside.	Montpellier had a penalty claim turned down early in the second half.	But moments later referee Said Enjimi pointed to the spot after midfielder Nabil Dirar barged into Bryan Dabo.	But Barrios missed the chance for this 12th goal in the 24th game of the campaign when he fired his shot high over high over the crossbar.	Meanwhile, second-division Auxerre beat French Cup holder Guingamp 1-0 to reach the final.	Auxerre, a four-time French Cup winner which now plays in the second division, won thanks to a goal from midfielder Frederic Sammaritano.	Auxerre plays either Paris Saint-Germain or Saint-Etienne in the final.	They play their semifinal on Wednesday.	Monaco playmaker Joao Moutinho goes down under a challenge from Montpellier's Joris Marveaux (right).	Monaco forward Anthony Martial (left) tries to break the first half deadlock at the Stade Louis II.	Monaco's Layvin Kurzawa (right) challenges Montpellier's Mathieu Deplagne during the Ligue 1 clash.	Yannick Ferreira Carrasco (right) of Monaco races down the touchline being chased by Montpellier defenders.	Kurzawa (left) saw a goal disallowed for Monaco towards the closing moments of the first-half.	Barrios looks dejected after missing the chance to hand Montpellier the lead from the penalty spot.	Former Tottenham and Manchester United forward Berbatov was brought on to try and change things.	Monaco fans display a banner depicting Prince Rainier III to commemorate the 10th anniversary of his death.	Berbatov tries to take the ball past Montpellier defender Vitorino Hilton as the game draws to a close.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at Crystal Palace to avoid losing yet more ground to their rivals.	Fading champions City had to watch in frustration on Saturday, not only as Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Barclays Premier League, but as Arsenal and Manchester United shunted them down to fourth.	Slipping to such a position was not in the script when City pulled level with Chelsea on New Year's Day and any further slips would increase the pressure on Pellegrini significantly.	Manuel Pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at Crystal Palace.	Manchester City manager Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground in the race for the title.	With the Manchester derby coming next week, City can ill afford to drop points at Selhurst Park on Monday but Pellegrini knows the Eagles have become a tough proposition under Alan Pardew.	Pellegrini said:'Maybe they are playing different.	They are in a good moment and they are playing with a lot of trust.	'With the other manager also Crystal Palace was a difficult team, but now they are playing at home.'	City laboured to a 3-0 win over Palace at the Etihad Stadium in December in what proved Neil Warnock's penultimate match in charge.	Pardew was appointed early in the new year and since then they have proved highly resilient, losing just three times in the Premier League and removing relegation fears.	The Monday fixture has meant both sides have had to be patient for their return to action after the international break.	It is a wait that could have been advantageous in terms of extra rest had their rivals lost over the weekend.	Manchester City players celebrate scoring against West Bromwich Albion in their last match.	Pellegrini knows hisside can ill afford to fall further behind Chelsea in the Premier League title race.	Pellegrini (left) will try to close the gap between his team and Chelsea at the top of the Premier League.	It has not turned out that way with Saturday's positive results for Chelsea, Arsenal and United turning the heat up on City, but Pellegrini claims it does not make any difference.	The Chilean said:' I do n't think we have excuses about those things.	We are going to play the last game of this matchday but that does n't matter.	'It is not an excuse and not an advantage.	All the national players arrived back on Wednesday - most of them - so every team had three or four days to prepare.	It is not so important.'	Should Pablo Zabaleta feature for City it would come just two days after his wife gave birth to a son, Asier.	Argentina international Zabaleta previously announced his wife's pregnancy to the wider world with a baby-themed goal celebration during a 4-1 win at Sunderland in December.
Real Madrid are desperate to land Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea, but they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal wo n't negotiate, according to reports in Spain.	De Gea has been in fantastic form this season, while Real's legendary stopper Iker Casillas has long been seen as unreliable.	Although the European champions would like to sign De Gea this June, they are looking at the possibility of picking up Chelsea's Petr Cech to fill the gap in between, while the Spaniard runs down his contract at Old Trafford, which expires next year.	Real Madrid's attempt to nab David De Gea is the big story in AS, while Marca focus on James Rodriguez.	In a move that Spanish paper AS calls'Operation De Gea', the paper claims Real are only prepared to pay for the keeper if United'fix a reasonable price' - otherwise they will nab him for free in a year.	De Gea's contract is up at Old Trafford in the summer of 2016, and he is yet to sign a new deal, with United still uncertain of Champions League football for next season.	Cech, meanwhile, looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge this summer, with the Czech keeper likely to command a fee of around # 10million.	Elsewhere in Spain the focus is on Lionel Messi's injury, which is still causing him some problems ahead of Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo on Sunday.	Sport say'Messi is OK', with the news that'all tests were positive' on his injured foot, and Marca add that the Barca star has'overcome the pain'.	Lionel Messi's injury dominates in Sport, while in Italy there is more news on Palermo's Paulo Dybala.	However, the Madrid-based paper also report that'he still ca n't put his boot on' because of the injury to his metatarsal.	There is better news for James Rodriguez, who is also set to return from injury, with Marca reporting that he will start for Real Madrid on Sunday, his first game for 59 days.	In Italy there are reports that Palermo striker Paulo Dybala, who has been linked with Arsenal, could join up with former Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini at Inter Milan.	Corriere dello Sport reports that Inter are ready to offer # 22million for the Argetinian youngster.
Sometime in the next few weeks, Louis van Gaal has a lunch appointment with Sir Alex Ferguson.	On Friday he expressed a tongue-in-cheek hope that Ferguson will pay but, more pertinently, the current Manchester United manager hopes to have some genuine and tangible progress to talk about.	Ferguson, it must be said, has waited a long time for such news.	The United team he left to David Moyes moved only backwards while this season's version has only occasionally appeared genuinely purposeful under Van Gaal.	Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal revealed he is set to discuss the club with Sir Alex Ferguson soon.	Van Gaal is preparing his side for Saturday's clash against Aston Villa as they bid to finish in the top four.	How the Premier League table looks ahead of April 4.	Now, though, towards the end of this peculiar Barclays Premier League season, life at the business end of the table has become a little more interesting.	Successive United victories over Tottenham and Liverpool have left both those teams listing a little.	In second, meanwhile, Manchester City, one senses, have stopped looking ahead and started to glance over their shoulder.	On Saturday, for example, a win for United over Aston Villa would take Van Gaal's team above City, who do n't play until Monday night's engagement at Crystal Palace.	Then, a week on Sunday, the two Manchester teams meet.	No wonder Van Gaal was sounding perky on Friday.	All of a sudden, places two, three and four in the Premier League have begun to look rather interchangeable and it's United who look in decent shape to benefit.	'The comments of United legends are always important because they have a lot of fans,' said Van Gaal on Friday when asked about Gary Neville's suggestion that the recent United performance at Liverpool was one of the best he could remember.	Juan Mata (left) scored twice as United won 2-1 at top four rivals Liverpool in the league on March 22.	Van Gaal knows victory over Villa on Saturday could see them leapfrog Manchester City into second place.	'And fans are listening to the legends so it's nice for Manchester United.	It's nice for the players, and also nice for the manager when legends are saying that.	But I think that if, for example, Sir Alex Ferguson says that then I am more proud because he can judge as a manager much better than ex-players what is the achievement in such a game.	'Sir Alex is always on his way (travelling) so it's difficult to speak with him.	But we have made an appointment and he shall pay - that is very important!'	Back from a break in Amsterdam with his wife, Van Gaal looked ready for the challenges ahead.	He remains cautious and understandably so.	His team have let him down before this season and United still have each of the current top three to play between now and mid-May.	While Van Gaal says United are mathematically in the title race, he says the top-four battle is not over either.	Nevertheless, he is aware of problems that have currently mounted in front of Liverpool's Brendan Rodgers since United beat his team 13 days ago and knows that defeat at Arsenal Saturday lunchtime could all but end the Merseyside club's challenge for fourth place.	All season United have been allowed to keep in touch with the top four simply because of other teams' failings.	Now Van Gaal has reason to hope his team's improved form can take them somewhere more meaningful.	Asked if second place was now a realistic possibility, the United manager said:'Of course.	I can not deny that because we have Manchester City at home next week.	'We have the strongest record at home so it's possible.	But Manchester City is a top team so it shall not be easy.	'It's better to be second or third.	I would be pleased with fourth, but I want to be first.	And my players want to be first.	And when it's not first, it's second.'	Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers (third right) knows defeat at Arsenal could end their top four bid.	The Reds have fitness concerns over star striker Daniel Sturridge (right) ahead of the trip to the Emirates.	For Rodgers and his staff, the last fortnight will have been a long one.	Defeat is always harder to deal with - to move on from - when it is immediately followed by an international break.	If his team are to get the result they need at Arsenal on Saturday they will have done very well indeed, given the absence of the suspended Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard and injury concerns over striker Daniel Sturridge.	Arsenal remain well-placed.	They have lost one domestic game in 14 since defeat at Southampton on New Year's Day, leaving Manuel Pellegrini's City team looking rather vulnerable in second position as they try to make something of a season that already has the word'disappointment' written right through it.	On Friday, Van Gaal conceded that it was'mathematically possible' for United to win the league.	Meanwhile, Danny Welbeck (left) will hoping to continue Arsenal's impressive league form.	That is a fanciful notion and he knows it but he and everybody else associated with the club would certainly enjoy the sense of discomfort City will undoubtedly feel if they find themselves looking at the backs of United's heads by the close of play on Saturday.	City only have themselves to blame for what may yet become something of a predicament.	United have, by common consensus, been scratchy at best this season but if City find themselves in their wake on Saturday then what does that say about them?	At the root of all this, of course, is that this remains a rather average Premier League.	It contains only one very good side and they, Chelsea, have waned themselves a little recently.	From a morass of mediocrity, however, somebody could yet benefit.	Van Gaal will only hope that he is on course for an interesting lunch with the one man who has seen it all, and much more, many times before.
Former Valencia striker Aritz Aduriz denied his old team victory with a last-gasp equaliser for Athletic Bilbao at San Mames Stadium.	Aduriz pounced in the 90th minute to secure a 1-1 draw after Valencia had been reduced to 10 men.	Nicolas Otamendi had harshly received a straight red card eight minutes earlier for a high challenge, and Valencia were unable to hold out in his absence.	Athletic Bilbao Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser to deny his former club Valencia victory.	Substitute Rodrigo De Paul celebrates after coming on to give Valencia the lead.	Substitute Rodrigo De Paul had given the visitors a deserved lead 16 minutes into the second period, but even though they were unable to claim maximum points, a draw took them above Sevilla into fourth place in their pursuit of possible Champions League qualification.	Getafe bolstered their hopes of securing Primera Division status for next season after moving 10 points clear of the bottom three by edging to a 1-0 win at struggling Elche.	Fredy Hinestroza scored the only goal of the game with only five minutes remaining in a rare attack for Getafe, after the hosts had spurned a series of chances in the first half.	Getafe celebrate after taking a step closer to survival by defeating Elche through Fredy Hinestroza's strike.	Ecuadorian Felipe Caicedo scored twice for Espanyol in the 3-0 defeat of Villarreal.	Elsewhere, Espanyol extended Villarreal's winless streak to six games in all competitions as two goals from Felipe Caicedo handed the Catalans a 3-0 win at El Madrigal.	Caicedo had a slice of fortune in opening the scoring as Javi Lopez's miscued header deflected off the Ecuadorian and he then thumped home his second of the evening after the break at Sergio Asenjo's near post.	Asenjo had a night to forget as he also spilled Sergio Garcia's cross 11 minutes from time to allow Victor Sanchez to roll the ball into an empty net to complete Villarreal's misery.
Mark McCall believes neutral territory offers Saracens hope of toppling mighty Clermont to reach a second successive European final.	Marcelo Bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of Sunday's showdown with Racing Metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to St Etienne's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on April 18.	Awaiting in the Champions Cup semi-finals are Clermont, who are bristling with confidence after their remarkable 37-5 rout of runaway Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton.	Marcelo Bosch launches a long range penalty towards the posts with the final act of Saracens' quarter-final.	The Argentinian centre is then mobbed by his team-mates after landing the match-winning kick.	However, McCall believes that facing Clermont outside of their Stade Marcel-Michelin stronghold, where they have not lost in Europe since 2008, is a different proposition.	'Given Clermont's home record, it's bit of a relief to be playing them on neutral territory.	We're still going to France, but it's not quite the same as going to their own ground,' McCall said.	Saracens' prospects against the Top 14's second-placed team are likely to be improved by the return of centre Brad Barritt from an ankle injury, while there is an outside chance fly-half Owen Farrell could recover from his knee problem in time.	'We have some pretty tough fixtures coming up - Leicester next Saturday is a massive game for us and after Clermont we have Northampton in the Premiership,' McCall said.	'We have some players coming back and will have to spread the load during this period.	Brad should be back for the Champions Cup semi-final, Owen is touch and go.'	Northampton's players look shell-shocked after they were demolished by Clermont Auvergne.	Saracens hardly sent shockwaves across the continent after dispatching Racing in an arm wrestle decided by Bosch's nerveless penalty, but McCall insists the result is all that matters.	'Sometimes the games are the way they are and we must n't over analyse these things,' McCall said.	'We've come away to France and played a big, strong, very good team with outstanding half-backs, but we've won.	'We should n't worry too much about how we won, but just that we won and reached our third consecutive semi-final in this tough competition.	That says a lot about the players we have.	'When you look at Ronan O'Gara at Munster and Jonny Sexton at Leinster, they lost quarters and semis over the years before they started winning them.	Mark McCall watches on as Charlie Hodgson warms up before Sunday's dramatic European win.	'We lost the quarter to Clermont four years ago and the semis to Toulon two years ago, and you saw out there that Racing did n't really know how to win the game.	'They had this big strong wind they did n't use because of the pressure they were under, and that was down to our team.'	Racing's Jamie Roberts expects to end speculation over his future this week with the British and Irish Lions centre likely to sign a dual contract in Wales.	'Hopefully it will be sorted this week.	I do n't want to say anything until it's sorted,' Roberts said.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates as England's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill.	Events at Lord's, where the decision was made to cull England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton, seemed rather more relevant to the future of English cricket than the mix-and-match day at Warner Park, where four members of the touring party were parachuted in to bolster the local team.	Jonathan Trott (nought) and Gary Ballance (17) largely failed to do so, but Bairstow made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine.	England paceman Stuart Broad (left) bowls at Jonny Bairstow on Wednesday.	It seemed entirely in keeping with the unsatisfactory nature of England's Test preparation week that Bairstow, the only member of the seconded quarter not likely to feature in the series, had the most productive day.	At least Broad averted serious injury when he collapsed clutching his left ankle in the second over.	Broad initially looked in trouble when his boot slid through the crease and he tumbled to the ground, and coach Peter Moores was concerned enough to stride out to the middle to assess the damage.	But he spent just short of an hour off the field with an ice pack and later returned to the attack.	Broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall.	Broad was concerned enough about the run-ups to summon the groundstaff the ball before coming to grief.	He initially suggested bowling round the wicket in search of firmer footing but decided to go back to his original angle of attack after sawdust was applied.	When he went down the game was just 10 balls old - the same number of deliveries that were possible in the infamous abandoned Test in Antigua six years ago.	By that stage, the first of England's honorary Kittitians had already come and gone.	England captain Alastair Cook (right) watches on as ground staff make running repairs to the crease.	Trott opened the batting but lasted just three balls, guiding James Anderson straight to James Tredwell at third slip.	That was hardly the added steel England were looking for.	The same was largely true of Ballance, who seems short of his best after a troubled World Cup, and managed only 17 before an ill-judged cut against Tredwell ended up in Jos Buttler's gloves.	Ben Stokes had earlier ripped out Shane Jeffers' middle stump and Tredwell had Sherwin Peters lbw offering no stroke.	Bairstow, whose likely Test role is as Buttler's back-up, reached lunch on 33 not out in a score of 55 for four.	Bairstow fell just short of a century against England on Wednesday.	He continued to score briskly in the afternoon and was just two short of a ton when Stokes found his outside edge to have him caught behind.	The game lacked all semblance of competitive edge, even as Root compiled a trouble-free half-century of his own, but there were some possible pointers ahead the first Test in Antigua.	James Tredwell clearly outbowled Adil Rashid in the race for the spinner's role and Chris Jordan failed to take a wicket despite seeing plenty of the ball.	He came into this game in pole position but could fall behind Liam Plunkett or Mark Wood, who will open the bowling for St Kitts & Nevis on Thursday morning.	Jonathan Trott opened the batting St Kitts & Nevis but lasted just three balls.	Bairstow gave little away about dressing room reaction to Downton's departure, partly because he was ready to go out and bat as the news was delivered in the lunch interval.	'We just found out at lunch,.	No-one said anything, it was straight back out and get on with our job out here in St Kitts,' he said.'	I do n't know what the role entails or anything like that, it's a decision that's taken above us... I do n't know what the job description is.	'It's our job out here to get on with the task at hand and win a series for England.'
Louis van Gaal has a reputation as a no-nonsense disciplinarian but the Manchester United manager punctured that image by revealing just how pleased he was with Ander Herrera's first goal against Aston Villa.	The Dutchman explained he had been imploring the Spanish midfielder to control the ball before shooting in order to demonstrate a greater level of composure.	And Van Gaal's emotions got the better of him when the players came in at half-time with a 1-0 advantage thanks to Herrera's 43rd minute strike.	Ander Herrera (left) puts Manchester United ahead against Aston Villa with a goal in the 43rd minute.	Herrea's (right) goal displayed the first touch that Louis van Gaal was eager to see from him.	Van Gaal admitted that he was so pleased with Herrera's opening goal, he kissed him at the interval.	'He has a very good kicking technique and he should be more composed,' Van Gaal said to MUTV.'	I said to him'you have to control the ball before you shoot'.'	I said that to him again in yesterday's training session, and then I kissed him at half-time because he had controlled the ball for the first time in his life and then he shot.	'But then I came to him after the second-half and he said'without control I can do it also!'	United strengthened their place among the top-four of the Premier League by emerging 3-1 winners against Tim Sherwood's side at Old Trafford on Saturday, with Herrera at the double.	Herrera (centre) netted twice as United ended up beating Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford.	They moved above local rivals Manchester City and into third on 62 points, but will drop back to fourth if City win at Crystal Palace on Monday.	The two sides then meet at Old Trafford next Sunday, with United looking to extend their five-match winning run.
The importance of Saturday's match against Arsenal for Liverpool's Champion's League ambitions can not be overstated.	The reverse fixture, a 2-2 draw in December, prompted Liverpool's renaissance into the Premier League's form team.	Thereafter, they went 13 top-flight games without defeat and put themselves in contention to qualify for Europe's top competition before losing to Manchester United in a drama-filled match two weeks ago.	Juan Mata's acrobatic volley two weeks ago left Liverpool five points adrift of Manchester United in fourth.	Brendan Rodgers' side need to beat Arsenal on Saturday to keep up their chances of a top-four finish.	Liverpool have been in good form since they last played Arsenal, but are not in the Champions League spots.	A defeat could leave Liverpool eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play, a massive mountain to climb.	The statistics suggest victory at the Emirates is an unlikely scenario.	In six games against the Premier League's other top-five sides, Liverpool have won just one and picked up four points compared with Manchester United who have won three of five games against their toughest competition.	In Arsenal they face a side who have cemented their Champions League spot with four top-flight wins in as many games in March.	For their efforts, Arsene Wenger was given the Manager of the Month award for a 14th time and striker Olivier Giroud the Player of the Month trophy.	Liverpool are likely to face a side riding on a wave of confidence and optimism so it will be a tough ask to get a result.	With more money on offer than ever before, Liverpool know they need to be at Europe's top table.	Raheem Sterling and Phlippe Coutinho train ahead of the vital trip to Arsenal on Saturday.	It is not just the pride of fans at stake in this game but also the financial security of the club.	A Sportsmail study this week revealed the race for Champion's League has gained even more importance after UEFA announced significant increases in prize money for their top competition from next season.	Cash for appearing in the group stages onwards is increasing by up to 50 per cent, and for English clubs there will also be steep hikes in'market pool' money from UEFA's TV incomes.	If an English club were to win next season's Champions League, they would earn around # 75m at today's exchange rates from central UEFA funds alone.	Ticket income plus any commercial bonuses would be on top.	Under current prize money arrangements, clubs reaching the group stage receive # 6.4 m each plus # 750,000 per group win and # 370,000 per draw.	The basic fee will rise 40 per cent to # 8.9 m and each win will jump 50 per cent to # 1.1 m. Prize money for reaching the last 16, quarter-finals and semi-finals will leap up 57 per cent, respectively to # 4m, # 4.44 m and # 5.2 m.	The prize for being tournament runner-up will jump from # 4.8 m to # 7.8 m while the winner's prize will jump from # 7.8 m to # 11.11 m. For a team like Liverpool, who enjoy a big worldwide profile, particularly in Asia, money like that could solidify their position among the European elite for the next decade.	Securing European football will also be vital to ensure they attract world-class players and keep the ones they already have at the club.	Even with Champions League qualification Liverpool were unable to hold on to Luis Suarez last summer.	Sterling's contract situation demonstrates how important it is for Rodgers' side to qualify.	The contract wrangling with Raheem Sterling in recent weeks will undoubtedly have been a distraction to the player himself and the focus of manager Brendan Rodgers but they will have to put that to one side if they are to overcome Arsenal.	On the Sterling subject, it would be much easier to resolve his future and persuade him to remain in Merseyside come the end of the season if Liverpool have the certainty of Champions League football to offer as an enticement.	Players want to compete on the biggest stage they can.	Regardless of how much money each week is being offered, the chance to play against the best teams in Europe is priceless.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers accepts his side can not afford not to turn up in another big game if their top-four ambitions are to survive.	Prior to the international break the Reds' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to Champions League-chasing rivals Manchester United, leaving them five points adrift of the qualification places.	Defeat at third-placed Arsenal would be a huge blow to their aspirations of returning to Europe's elite for a second successive season.	Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash with Arsenal on Saturday.	Rodgers knows they must avoid a repeat of the disappointing first-half display against United which led to their defeat.	'We've made it difficult for ourselves because of our last performance and result, but it's certainly achievable,' he said of their top-four chances.	'Over the course of the last three months, apart from the last game, we've performed very well and we have got results.'	I think people might look at it (the trip to Arsenal) as a must-win game.	For me, it is a must-perform game, we want to perform well and we know that when we do that we've got every chance of winning, whether that's at home or away.	Rodgers watches over training as he prepares his side to face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.	The Liverpool boss addresses his players ahead of the pivotal clash with Arsenal in North London.	'We've had a long two weeks, it's probably one of the few games where after the international break we've had to suffer a little bit, because we did n't perform and lost, but there is extra motivation there to get something from the game and that is something that we clearly want to achieve.	'These final eight games are going to be exciting games and there is still every possibility for us to make the top four.'	Many see the two sides as being similar in their approach to how they play, particularly in relation to how they like to keep the ball.	That was a feature missing in the United game and it cost them dearly and Rodgers has spent a fortnight over the international break assessing where it went wrong after enjoying so much success in the previous three months.	'Our possession was n't good enough in our last game,' he added.	Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is suspended having been sent off against Manchester United.	'The key for us in the first-half against Manchester United was that we did n't keep the ball well enough and, positionally, we were never in position to receive the ball and press the ball.	'We've talked about that, we've analysed that and we've worked on that ; in order for us to maximise how we've been working we need to keep the ball better and be technically better.	'That's a huge part of our game, and it's Arsenal's game.	But for us, we'll go there and tactically we are very clear on the idea of the game and we need to get something from the game, that's clear.	'But that was the same before we played the Manchester United game ; Arsenal was a game that we wanted to ensure that we got at least a point from and that will be the case at the weekend.'	Daniel Sturridge trained on Thursday ahead of Liverpool's trip to Arsenal in the Barclays Premier League.	'We'll be going there looking forward to the game and really motivated to get back to winning again.'	Liverpool have been boosted by striker Daniel Sturridge's return to training after a hip injury, while fellow England international Adam Lallana is also expected to be fit after pulling out of Roy Hodgson's squad.	However, they will be missing centre-back Martin Skrtel, a virtual ever-present in the league this season, as he begins a three-match suspension alongside captain Steven Gerrard.
Former All Blacks star Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's clash with Gloucester on Friday night - with TV cameras capturing the moment he was hauled away by police following the game.	Muliaina, who earned a century of caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup, signed for Connacht at the beginning of the season and has made 11 appearances for the Irish province so far.	Moments after his side's 14-7 loss at Kingsholm, the Kiwi veteran was led away to a police van with the entire incident broadcasted live on TV.	Connacht full-back Mils Muliaina makes a run during his side's Challenge Cup match against Gloucester.	Muliaina is led away by police following his side's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on Friday night.	The former All Black was arrested at Kingsholm and then led to a police van where he was detained.	Muliaina's arrest was captured live on Sky Sports following the Challenge Cup quarter-final.	Muliaina, who announced this week that he would be moving to Italian club Zebre next season, started at full-back against the Cherry and Whites playing 35 minutes before withdrawing with a leg injury just before half-time.	Details of the alleged incident are yet to be confirmed but Muliaina was in action for Connacht against Cardiff on March 6 in a Guinness Pro12 clash at the Cardiff Arms Park.	A spokesman for Gloucestershire Police said:' A man in his 30s was arrested at Kingsholm Stadium on Friday 3rd April on suspicion of sexual assault in relation to an incident in Cardiff in March.	'The man has been handed over to officers from South Wales Police who are investigating the incident.'	Connacht released a statement late on Friday night stating:'Connacht Rugby can confirm that player Mils Muliaina is currently assisting the South Wales Police with enquiries relating to an alleged incident in Cardiff in March of this year.	As this is a legal matter, Connacht Rugby will be making no further comment at this time.	Muliaina earned 100 caps for New Zealand and retired following the 2011 World Cup on home soil.	A powerful and skillful full-back, Muliaina made his Test debut when he appeared as a replacement in New Zealand's 15-13 loss to England in Wellington.	The Samoa-born player quickly established himself as first-choice No 15 featuring in the subsequent Tri-Nations series and the 2003 World Cup.	Muliaina was ever-present in the black jersey for the next few seasons and played a starring role in the All Blacks side that demolished the British and Irish Lions 3-0 in the 2005 series.	The former Waikato Chiefs three-quarter was part of the New Zealand outfit which crashed out of the 2007 World Cup following a shock quarter-final loss to France at the Millennium Stadium.	Israel Dagg's emergence seemed to spell the end of Muliaina's All Blacks career but he still made it to his third World Cup campaign in 2011 and played his final Test against Argentina in the quarter-final in Auckland winning his 100th cap in the process.	A shoulder injury put an end to his tournament, however, as his country went on to lift the William Webb Ellis trophy.	A two-year spell playing with NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes in Japan followed before he returned for second stint with the Chiefs back in New Zealand.	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Steven Gerrard leaves his beloved Liverpool at the end of the season after an illustrious career and amazingly club legend Steve Heighway predicted that he'd be a success - in a newspaper article in 1992.	The former England captain moves across the pond to MLS side LA Galaxy, where he embarks on a new challenge.	A fresh-faced Gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old, when he was an up and coming talent in Liverpool's academy.	A young looking Steven Gerrard was pictured in the paper alongside the article written in 1992.	'Outstanding potential has to be recognised and nurtured and Stephen Gerrard, a gem from Huyton, could be the next on our production line.	'He has enormous natural talent and is a Liverpool fan through and through.	His attitude to coaching and personal development is a joy to see and our staff are genuinely excited by his prospects.	'Stephen has already been brought to the attention of the FA National Coaching staff as "one for the future" and no effort will be spared to create the right environment for him and his talents to develop at this club.'	Heighway, who played for the club for 11 years in 1971, highlighted the importance of'nurturing' the midfielder and described him as'outstanding.'	The former Ireland player was reporting on a game between England Schoolboys and Republic of Ireland and cast his eye over a young Gerrard, touting him as a next generation gem.	He was n't wrong as his prediction was the midfielder has gone on to make 499 appearances for his boyhood team, winning a number of major honours.	Gerrard is still suspended following his sending off after stamping on Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera in their defeat to their Champions League rivals at Anfield.	Steve Heighway (left) described the Livepool captain as'outstanding' after seeing him play at 12.	Gerrard has become of the most recognised midfielders in the game but will leave the club in the summer.
Fran Kirby staked an impressive claim for a World Cup starting role with England Women as she created the first goal and scored a brilliant second in a 2-1 win over China.	England began in thrilling style, with Kirby fashioning the opener for strike partner Jodie Taylor after just a minute of play.	Reading striker Kirby then fired home the second goal of her short international career - this was her eighth cap - to put the home side in apparently full control at Manchester City's Academy Stadium.	Jodie Taylor celebrates following her opening minute strike against China in Manchester.	But as 5,665 watched on, England struggled to build on their early assault on the China goal.	Wang Shanshan cut China's arrears after shaky defending, and might have had an equaliser in the second half but mis-kicked as England feared the worst.	Kirby, a 21-year-old playing in the second division of the Women's Super League, was impressive throughout, a nimble-footed presence who China struggled to deal with.	She was player of the match when England played the United States in February, and was again arguably a class apart, although this time midfielder Jill Scott took the champagne.	Fran Kirby (left) is congratulated by her England team-mates after she netted the second goal for his side.	China were caught cold when Kirby dribbled the ball down the left and curved a tremendous ball with the outside of her right boot to Taylor, who fired past Zhang Yue for the early opener.	The architect turned predator to put the hosts 2-0 in front in the 10th minute, meeting a right-wing cross from Jordan Nobbs with a clever touch on her chest that took out her marker before smashing home from 10 yards.	Just two minutes later the lively Reading striker, with 10 goals in her last three club matches, forced Zhang to push away a 20-yard drive.	Jade Moore hit the left post after a hopeless kick out from Zhang, and England were rampant.	Kirby was in imperious form during the first half as she created the first goal and scored the second.	That changed once China cut the deficit after 16 minutes, with hesitant defending at a corner allowing Wang to head past Siobhan Chamberlain from close range.	Chamberlain had to save well to turn away a free-kick from Li Dongna before the break, with defensive insecurities becoming a worrying feature of England's game.	This was England's last home game before Mark Sampson's squad head to Canada in May, ahead of a World Cup campaign that begins against France in Moncton on June 9.	England made their first change after 61 minutes as Toni Duggan, on her home ground, replaced Jade Moore.	Shanshan Wang races away to celebrate after she pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute.	Kirby almost created a third goal but her cutback after a run down the left went just astray of white shirts.	Alex Greenwood prodded a corner just over the China bar, and Duggan headed at Zhang, as chances began to arrive more frequently for England.	Kirby departed, with the experienced Eni Aluko taking her place, Wang missed her sitter, and England clung on, the world's sixth-ranked team fending off a side rated 16th globally by FIFA.	Ellen White, introduced in stoppage time, won her 50th cap.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney added to his collection of wonder goals at Old Trafford with a stunning strike in a 3-1 win against Aston Villa that lifted his side above Manchester City into third place in the Premier League.	United were leading 1-0 after 79 minutes when Rooney spun brilliantly before hammering a half-volley with his right-foot past Brad Guzan.	It was his sixth goal in eight matches for United since being restored up front by manager Louis van Gaal after a spell in midfield.	Wayne Rooney (centre) scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1.	United's No 10 celebrates his stunning effort at Old Trafford with fellow goalscorer Herrera (right).	Admiring team-mate Ander Herrera, who scored the other two goals in United's victory, said:'Wayne Rooney is our leader.	He is maybe the strongest guy -- not only physically, but also mentally.	I think we in the squad are following him always.	'He is our captain, our leader and our character.	I think he shows very, very well what Manchester United is.'	United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool who lost 4-1 at Arsenal and are odds-on to qualify for the Champions League after missing out last season.	They play City at Old Trafford next Sunday.	Herrera scored goals either side of Rooney as Manchester United ran out winners at Old Trafford.	Rooney (centre) celebrates his goal with team-mates Radamel Falcao (left) and Herrera.
Chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Saturday but Eden Hazard starred for Jose Mourinho's team.	He slotted Chelsea ahead in typically composed fashion from the penalty spot before Charlie Adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time.	Stoke continued to make things difficult for Chelsea until an Asmir Begovic error led to Loic Remy tapping in the winner.	Here, Sportsmail's Kieran Gill gives his player ratings.	CHELSEA (4-2-3-1).	Thibaut Courtois -- 5.5.	Never called into action in the opening 43 minutes but beaten by Adam with an incredible strike from inside Stoke's half.	Too far off his line and one of the world's best goalkeepers was left embarrassed.	Thibaut Courtois was on the winning team but will want to forget Charlie Adam beating him from his own half.	Gary Cahill (left) and John Terry leap up to block an attempt at goal from Stoke's Philipp Wollscheid.	Branislav Ivanovic -- 6.5.	Tidied up well on the rare occasion Stoke threatened.	Played with more freedom once Chelsea had the lead and tried to help in attack down the wing.	Gary Cahill -- 6.5.	Looked cool when called into action and was able to clear the danger as Stoke tried to cross their way into the lead in the second half.	John Terry -- 7.	Manned the back well and it took a goal-of-the-season contender for his team to concede against a Stoke side that ran out of ideas at times.	Always the man that remained at the back to kill off any threat.	Cesar Azpilicueta -- 6.5.	Tried to get forward and help Hazard down the left.	Closed down well and put in a tireless performance.	Nemanja Matic -- 6.	A few too many misplaced passes and a hurried clearance almost spelled danger for Chelsea.	Cleaned up well when needed to win back possession, however.	Cesc Fabregas -- 7.	Won the penalty with a clever cut back that fooled Wollscheid.	Kept the midfield ticking over well.	Brazil international Willian (left) also produced an impressive display for Chelsea in the win over Stoke.	Eden Hazard put Chelsea into the lead with from the penalty spot in the first half.	Diego Costa's (right) game was curtailed 10 minutes after coming on with what looked like a hamstring injury.	Willian -- 7.5.	A handful for Stoke as he, Oscar and Hazard linked up well to create chances in the first half, though they were never taken.	Never short of a run.	Oscar -- 6.5.	Scuppered one of Chelsea's best chances to take the lead by placing his shot wide of the far post, and was ultimately -- and unfortunately -- sacrificed for Costa at half time.	Eden Hazard -- 8.5.	A live wire.	Master of the one-two and creating chances.	Ultimately kept his cool from the spot to give Chelsea a much-needed lead before Adam's equaliser.	Did n't look tired, despite his weariness during international break.	Assisted the winning goal.	Loic Remy - 7.5.	Looked a worthy replacement for Costa as he twice went close to giving Chelsea the lead in the opening seven minutes.	Scored in the second half when Mourinho really needed it, and it was deserved.	Loic Remy (left) slots in Chelsea's winner against Stoke in the second half at Stamford Bridge.	SUBS:.	Diego Costa -- 6.	Came on but could do no damage as he was forced off with what looked like another hamstring injury.	Immediately called to the bench for him to come off after 10 minutes on the field.	Didier Drogba -- 6.	Replaced Costa after the striker went off with an injury.	Had little to do but hold up the ball.	Juan Cuadrado -- 6.	Little to do but helped Chelsea get over the line.	MANAGER: Jose Mourinho -- 6.5.	A frustrating afternoon for Mourinho, who was active on the touchline throughout, looking unhappy and muttering to himself.	Either way, it worked, and his team added three points to their title charge.	Jose Mourinho was active throughout the game on the touchline as Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1.	STOKE CITY (4-4-2).	Asmir Begovic -- 6.5.	Outstanding one-handed save at full stretch to deny Remy's deflected shot after less than three minutes.	Ultimately took a penalty for Begovic to concede the first.	He'd done his homework, going the same way Hazard normally does, but beaten at the other side.	His throw was intercepted by Willian which led to Chelsea's winner, though.	Geoff Cameron -- 5.5.	Given the unwanted task of stopping Hazard on his runs down the left wing on occasion.	Ryan Shawcross -- 6.	Stayed physical throughout, as per.	Captained his team well on a ground that has been unkind to them previously, but ultimately could not help them steal a point.	Philipp Wollscheid -- 5.5.	Took the bait from Fabregas by sweeping the Spaniard's feet to give Chelsea a penalty and ultimately the lead.	Ryan Shawcross (right) led Stoke well but could not help his side take a point at Stamford Bridge.	Wollscheid (right) slides in on Cesc Fabregas to concede a penalty in the first half, from which Hazard scored.	Marc Wilson -- 5.5.	A little unsure at times, largely down to a lack of communication between him and his team-mates.	Stephen Ireland -- 6.	Strong in midfield but found it difficult to get involved as that area was dominated by the men in blue.	Glenn Whelan -- 5.5.	Rightly booked for a late challenge on Fabregas but did not see much of the ball as Chelsea dominated midfield.	Steven Nzonzi -- 6.	Close with a controlled shot after a poor clearance by Matic and again in the second half as he grazed the far post with a bouncing effort across goal.	Could not take the few chances that fell his way.	Steven Nzonzi (centre) went close to scoring for Stoke but ultimately did not impose himself on the game.	Charlie Adam (second left) is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike levelled the scores.	Charlie Adam -- 6.5.	Take a bow, Charlie Adam.	Incredible goal as he channelled his inner David Beckham and, noticing Courtois off his line, scored from in his own half.	A little anonymous until that moment, but his faults were obliterated with that 66-yard strike.	Jonathan Walters -- 5.5.	Little joy as Stoke rarely threatened up top but tried to keep them in with a shot and held the ball well on occasion.	Closely marked by Terry throughout.	Mame Biram Diouf -- 5.5.	Failed to make an impact and was substituted after 62 minutes for Arnautovic.	Jonathan Walters (left) had little joy for Stoke against Chelsea on Saturday, despite his hard work.	Mame Biram Diouf (left) floundered against Chelsea's stern defence at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.	SUBS:.	Arnautovic -- 6.	Too little too late to have an influence.	MANAGER: Mark Hughes 5.5.	His team were constantly on the backfoot.	REFEREE: Jonathan Moss 6.	Correct decision with the penalty.	Not many controversial decisions to make aside from that, but had to be strict with bookings.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have n't always seen eye-to-eye in the past 12 months but the pair appeared to be singing from the same hymn sheet on Thursday.	Fresh from being beaten by Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 29, the Mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse does n't gallop to victory at the next race in China.	The duo attended Mercedes' Brackley base in the hope to find a winning formula come race weekend in Shanghai on April 10-12.	Nico Rosberg (left) and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday.	Sebastian Vettel celebrates emerging victorious at the Malaysian Grand Prix with Ferrari on March 29.	Vettel (right) finished 8.5 seconds ahead of Hamilton and 12.5 seconds ahead of Nico Rosberg (left).	Accompanied with the caption:'Good team factory visit today.	Coming up with a plan to beat the red cars in shanghai!	@MercedesAMGF1 @LewisHamilton,' Rosberg took to Twitter to upload a picture of he and Hamilton on a flight back from Brackley.	Speaking after the race in Malaysia, Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff conceded that he was a worried man following the manner of Vettel's victory.	Suggestions of another season of Mercedes domination in the wake of a comfortable one-two in the season-opening race in Australia were blown apart by Ferrari and Vettel.	The four-time world champion beat Hamilton by 8.5 seconds, with team-mate Nico Rosberg a further four seconds adrift in third.	Mercedes boss Toto Wolff (right) was surprised by Sebastian Vettel's Malaysian Grand Prix victory.	Wolff admitted that the German driver deserved to win and Ferrari got their tactics spot-on in the soaring heat.	Despite searing heat of more than 30 degrees, Vettel's Ferrari was kinder on its tyres, stopping just twice compared to three for both Hamilton and Rosberg.	And afterwards Wolff admitted:'We were pretty sure the three-stop strategy would work for us.	'We probably went a bit too aggressive on set-up, which pushed us into a direction of a three-stop.	'But in the circumstances, with the high temperatures, they were able to go at a faster pace over long runs than us.	'We need to analyse why that was the case, and it clearly shows it's not going to be an easy one.	'It is clear they won the race, which is worrying.	It would n't be right to say we lost it.'	Hamilton (pictured) had to pit three times in the race compared to Vettel's two - in what proved a key factor.
Sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we learned from the Premier League's Easter weekend fixtures and the race for promotion across the Football League.	1.	Playing Jordan Henderson as a wing back instead of in his normal central midfield position was an idea that went spectacularly wrong for Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers.	The England star, who has taken over the captain's armband in the absence of Steven Gerrard, gave the ball away 23 times in 90 minutes as he struggled to handle the role at Arsenal.	Jordan Henderson (left) toiled as a wing back in Liverpool's defeat against Arsenal and lost the ball 23 times.	Henderson, usually a central midfielder, has not given the ball away as much all season for Liverpool.	There has n't been a single one of his previous 29 Premier League appearances this season in which he's lost possession more.	2.	John O'Shea has clearly learned the canny defender's art of letting his brain do all the running.	The theory is if you get in the right position in the first place, you do n't have to chase to recover.	In 90 minutes of helping Sunderland keep a clean sheet against Newcastle, the Ireland international logged just 11.9 metres at sprint speed on the EA Sports performance data.	It clearly works for him -- he'll be 34 at the end of this month but remains the sole Premier League outfield player to have appeared in every minute of every game in all competitions for his club this season.	John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during his impressive display in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle.	O'Shea (third left) celebrated Sunderland's win with Costel Pantilimon when the final whistle was blown.	For good measure he's also completed the full 90 minutes of all five European Championship qualifiers for the Republic.	3.	Steven Caulker's form has suffered from playing with too many different partners at QPR but there are signs the former Spurs and Cardiff centre half is returning to his best.	The 23-year-old was a towering figure as a West Brom side led by the powerful figure of substitute Victor Anichebe fought to recover from being three goals down at half-time.	Steven Caulker (right) wins a header against West Bromwich Albion striker Brown Ideye.	Caulker made 20 clearances -- as many as the rest of the Rangers back four put together -- and more than any other Premier League defender all weekend.	4.	Chelsea need have few fears if Diego Costa's hamstring problems mean they have to rely on Loic Remy for goals in the last eight games of the season.	The France international's tap-in from Eden Hazard's pass for the winner against Stoke was his fifth Premier League goal of the season from just 456 minutes on the pitch.	Loic Remy (centre) scored Chelsea's winner in their 2-1 victory over Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.	Remy could be vital to Chelsea as they look to win the Premier League title after Diego Costa went off injured.	That's a goal every 91 minutes -- actually a better ratio than Costa whose 19 Premier League goals have come at the rate of one every 103 minutes.	5.	Burnley boss Sean Dyche has talked about stability all season and continues to practise what he preaches.	He picked an unchanged side for the 16th time this season for the home clash with Tottenham and was rewarded with a valuable point.	Sean Dyche selected an unchanged side for the 16th time as Burnley drew 0-0 with Tottenham on Sunday.	That's more than double the number of times any other club has kept the same starting XI -- next highest is Leicester with seven.	6.	Kasper Schmeichel looked to have lost his first-team place at Leicester a few weeks ago following the arrival from Chelsea of veteran Mark Schwarzer.	But the 28-year-old son of Manchester United legend Peter returned for the 4-3 defeat at Tottenham just before the international break, and justified Nigel Pearson's decision to keep him in the side with a brilliant display in the 2-1 win over West Ham.	Kasper Schmeichel made a string of outstanding stops as Leicester beat West Ham 2-1.	Schmeichel made six saves as well as several vital catches -- the only time he has made more saves in a game this season was the eight at Chelsea back in August that stopped a 2-0 defeat becoming a rout.	7.	Swansea boss Garry Monk shared the club's rise from football's basement to the Premier League as a player, and is n't afraid to back his belief there are more in League Two with the potential to play at the top.	He put his club's money where his mouth is by signing Matt Grimes from Exeter for # 1.75 million in January, and has now given the 19-year-old his debut in the top flight.	Matt Grimes (right) impressed in his substitute appearance for Swansea in the 3-1 win against Hull.	It was n't a bad little cameo, either.	Swansea scored their third in the 3-1 win over Hull barely a minute after Grimes came on.	8.	Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer left striker Jordan Rhodes out of his starting side for the 0-0 FA Cup quarter-final at Liverpool -- but surely ca n't drop him again for Wednesday's replay.	The 25-year-old Scotland international is in the best scoring form of even his prolific career after netting the second of the 3-0 win at Leeds.	It was his eighth goal in the last 12 games for Blackburn and took his total for the season to 17 from 35 Championship starts.	Jordan Rhodes (right) scores Blackburn's second goal against Leeds in the Championship on Saturday.	9.	Boyhood Hearts fan Jason Holt admitted he was upset at missing out on the celebrations when his old club clinched top spot in the Scottish Championship a few weeks ago.	But the midfielder who moved to Sheffield United in January might yet be able to open some bubbly with his new club after scoring in the 2-0 derby win at Barnsley.	It was the 22-year-old's third in as many games and gave Nigel Clough's side a seven-point cushion for a place in the League One play-off zone.	Midfielder Jason Holt (left) is proving important to Sheffield United's hopes of going up a division.	John Akinde celebrates scoring for Barnet, where he has found the net 30 times in the league this season.	10.	John Akinde has a peculiar place in the football history books for being the first player sold by an internet vote of fans -- he was a promising teenager at Ebbsfleet in 2008 when the online poll decided to let him move to Bristol City.	The striker's move never worked out -- but seven years and nine clubs later he's setting records again and this time for much better reasons.	His finish against Nuneaton that took Barnet back to the top of the Vanarama Conference was his 30th League goal of the season, equalling Gary Bull's club record set in 1991.
Harry Kane hailed an unforgettable week after taking his England bow and becoming the youngest captain in the Premier League this season - but he will want to erase the memory of Tottenham's goalless draw at Burnley.	Kane, 21, was chosen as Spurs captain after a week which has also seen him score on his England debut and make his first start for the national team.	It was a frustrating end to the week for Kane however as Spurs struggled to make an impact against a hard-working Burnley side who earned a precious point in their battle to avoid relegation.	Harry Kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the'best week of my life' after captaining Tottenham.	That came after he scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 at Wembley.	Kane said:'You could say it has been the best week of my life - to score, to make my first start and score for England, and to be captain today.	It has been an unbelievable couple of weeks and one I wo n't forget for the rest of my career.'	Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino admitted a top-four place may be beyond his side as they are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City - who play Crystal Palace on Monday night - with a vastly inferior goal difference.	Pochettino said:'It is difficult but we have seven games, we will try.	It is true that it is not easy.	This game was a very tough game and we need to try to win the most points possible in the next seven games.	'The way Burnley play it is difficult, because always there is long balls into the box.	They are a very aggressive team and run a lot.	It is difficult to find space to play.	'We played better in the second half and we made some chances but it was not enough to score.	Three weeks ago Manchester City lost here.	It is not an excuse but it is a very, very difficult team.'	Tottenham coach Mauricio Pochettino still believes they can catch Manchester City and finish fourth.	The goalless draw at Burnley left Tottenham down in sixth, some seven points adrift of Man City.	At just 21 years and 251 days, the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time in draw with Burnley.	Kane could not find a way to break the deadlock for Tottenham in their 0-0 draw at Turf Moor on Sunday.	Pochettino confirmed Kyle Walker, who limped off, has a sprain but said it was'not a big issue'.	Burnley manager Sean Dyche claimed the Clarets had the better of the match and rued a gilt-edged chance missed by Danny Ings, who shot straight at Michel Vorm when it seemed easier to score.	He said:' I think we edged the game, but there was not a lot in it.	'We kept the tempo high and kept pressing high.	Danny has had a great chance and it was unlike him not to put it away, he almost hit it too cleanly.	'Having said that we are pleased to get another clean sheet against a top side.'	Dyche picked out Ashley Barnes for special praise but said the whole of his team had performed well against a Spurs side boasting four England players.	The Burnley boss also said he was not too concerned by their struggles to find the net - they have only scored once in five games.	He added:' I prefer to look at it as two clean sheets in the last three games against some fantastic sides.'	Kane (left) watches his header find the net against Lithuania and it earned him a start against Italy.	Sean Dyche believed Burnley might have taken all three points from the match.	Dyche praised the performance of Ashley Barnes, seen here shooting under pressure from Eric Dier.
Andy King thinks his 50th goal for Leicester City could prove to be his most important yet.	Coming in the 86th minute of Saturday's match it was by no means his most spectacular, a mere flick from six yards out enough to take the ball past Adrian after a scuffed Jamie Vardy shot.	But it was enough to defeat West Ham in a frenetic match and breathe life back into the side he has spent his whole career playing for.	Andy King was the hero as Premier League strugglers Leicester City struck late to earn a vital three points.	King is joined by David Nugent to celebrate his goal, the 50th he has scored for his club.	Leicester remain at the foot of the Barclay's Premier League table, a spot they have occupied since November, and four points from safety.	But King, 26, thinks the momentum they are taking into the final eight matches of the season could be enough to propel them above the drop zone.	'I've scored some pretty crucial goals before, but we might look back at the end of the season and that might turn out to be the most important one yet,' said King,.	'It's always nice to score for the only club you've ever played for.	I've had a brilliant journey with this club.	'I've been on 49 for a long time, and I've been in the Premier League for a good few months now - I was hoping it would've come earlier but I've ticked that milestone off now and I'm delighted about that.	Nigel Pearson admits Leicester survival is still a'big ask' despite win over West Ham.	Pearson congratulates goalscorer Cambiasso after the final whistle of his side's win against the Hammers.	'But most importantly it was about getting the three points and we have a lot of work to do between now and the end of the season to make sure we're a Premier League team next season.	'We've played well enough to prove we can survive and we've not turned it into results - this is a results business.	That proves to everyone - not just ourselves - that we mean business.'	Leicester manager Nigel Pearson praised King, who he brought off the bench with 12 minutes to play and said his team were finally getting the results they deserved after several games this season where they have drawn or lost despite dominating.	'I would love to be a lucky manager who plays crap and wins but we have not been that,' he said.	King says his goal against West Ham may turn out to be his most important for the club if they stay up.	'It would be a pretty grumpy man who would n't let them enjoy winning but we have to keep our destiny in our own hands.'	His opposite number Sam Allardyce denied West Ham were'drifting' towards the end of the season having won just twice in the last 14 games.	'We're not drifting but where we're failing is we're not as clinical as we used to be.	Lads in their first season have found out what physical and mental attributes are needed for a long premier league season.'
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson would have had the'outstanding' Esteban Cambiasso down as his man of the match in Saturday's 2-1 win over West Ham even if the veteran Foxes midfielder had not scored his fine goal.	Cambiasso netted with a sweet strike in the 12th minute to put his side 1-0 up at the King Power Stadium, hitting the ball first time from just outside the box after it had sat up for him from a ricochet.	And Pearson said of the 34-year-old former Real Madrid, Inter Milan and Argentina player:'Even if he had n't scored the goal, I would still have said he was man of the match.	Leicester midfielder Esteban Cambiasso has received high praise from his manager Nigel Pearson.	The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan star celebrates after putting his side in the lead against West Ham.	Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the table.	'And with the goal, I think it is pretty obvious he was.	I think he was outstanding.'	The victory to which Cambiasso contributed - sealed by substitute Andy King's late tap-in, following Cheikhou Kouyate's equaliser around the half-hour - gave Barclays Premier League basement boys Leicester a much-needed boost in their bid for survival.	It was their first win in nine league matches and cut the gap between them and safety to four points with eight games left to play.	Cambiasso, who has won the Spanish and Italian league titles as well as the Champions League, had said in the build-up to the fixture that helping the club beat the drop would be like claiming another trophy.	And Pearson added:'Success is relative and success in the past for him, with the clubs he has played for, was winning titles and cups, and success for him at Leicester this year will be to be a player who has been instrumental in us avoiding relegation.	'Hopefully he will be a success at that as well.'	I was really pleased with his contribution against West Ham and the other players have a very healthy respect for him.'	Pearson congratulates goalscorer Cambiasso after the final whistle of his side's win against the Hammers.	Cambiasso, Jamie Vardy (left) and David Nugent (right) look relieved after their narrow home win.	Mid-table West Ham, now with only one win in nine league games, almost found themselves 2-0 down early on on Saturday, with goalkeeper Adrian coming to their rescue by saving David Nugent's 15th-minute penalty.	But they went on to show plenty of attacking intent from there and nearly took the lead themselves in the second half when Kouyate hit the post.	Hammers boss Sam Allardyce was pleased to see his side play in a dynamic style but stressed that, ultimately, a lack of clinical finishing meant they had failed to do their job properly.	'We had enough opportunities, so did they (Leicester) and it was a really open game, really end-to-end stuff,' Allardyce said.	'From an entertainment point of view, for a neutral it was fantastic.	'From our point of view, it is great to play open, attractive football and create chances, but the bottom line is we have n't got anything out of it - and we are here as professionals to come away with what should at least have been a draw.'
With a ball at his feet and a goal in sight Harry Kane has rarely failed to give Tottenham fans what they want this season.	But when it came to a crossbar challenge against some of Spurs finest he was left in the unfamiliar position.	At the conclusion of an open training session for fans at White Hart Lane on Thursday morning Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and the apparent king of the crossbar, Christian Eriksen.	Harry Kane awaits his chance to impress in a crossbar challenge during open training at White Hart Lane.	The adage'Close but no cigar' best represents the opening round of attempts from 40 yards.	Capoue, Bentaleb, Soldado, Dier, Kane and Eriksen, ignoring attempts from his team-mates to distact him, all went narrowly over the top, while Rose dared to be different by hitting the back of the net.	Capoue did the same again but Algerian Bentaleb gave the crowd of mostly children enjoying their half term break something to cheer about as his floating shot landed on the crossbar.	Christian Eriksen takes his attempt in spite of his team-mates efforts to distract the skillful Swede.	Kane take his time with each of his three shots from 40 yards but is narrowly over the crossbar each time.	It was the same story as round one for the rest before a third go was approved by the fans - Capoue took his chance as his shot dipped at the end.	Kane's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark and won a big cheer, though could n't count.	The game ended a sucessful day for the club whose form has been mixed of late with a disappointing 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday a major disappointment.	Etienne Capoue is on the money with his third attempt at the crossbar challenge and celebrates accordingly.	Spurs' UEFA Cup-winning captain Graham Roberts was on hand to provide inspiration though, as were Spurs Ladies represetnatives Wendy Martin and captain Jenna Schillaci, who were interviewed ahead of their Ryman Cup final against Charlton on April 16.	Mauricio Pochettino's side are now preparing to host Aston Villa on Saturday at home as they look to launch an ambitious, if unlikely, bid for a Champions League place, with away fixtures at Newcastle and Southampton to follow.	Spurs currently stand sixth in the Premier League and it appears they'll be in a straight shoot-out for fifth place with Liverpool, who lead them on on goal difference.
By the time Bobby Zamora caressed the ball with sublime precision on the gallop to lob Boaz Myhill from the edge of his area, the impression was firm that even the highly improbable can happen.	This was quite likely the finest goal of Zamora's long career, a strike of rare quality that never looked on seconds before the ball was in the back of the net.	Chris Ramsey will hope Queens Park Rangers' season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory.	Written off by many, this victory, only a second on the road all season, claws QPR closer to safety.	Bobby Zamora (left) scored QPR's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom at The Hawthorns.	Charlie Austin (right) headed QPR's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute.	The QPR players went 2-0 up thanks to Austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time.	Eduardo Vargas (left) wheels away to celebrate firing QPR into the lead against West Brom with a 25-yard strike.	West Bromwich Albion: Myhill 5 ; Baird 5 (Olsson 65' 4), McAuley 4, Lescott 4, Brunt 5 ; Gardner 5.5 (Mulumbu 72' 2), Morrison 5, Fletcher 6.5, Sessegnon 3 (Anichebe 46' 7) ; Berahino 6, Ideye 6.	Booked: Sessegnon, Brunt.	Sent off: Mulumbu.	Subs not used: Rose, Wisdom, Yacob, Pocognoli.	Goals: Anichebe, 58.	Manager: Tony Pulis 6.	Queens Park Rangers: Green 6.5 ; Isla 6.5, Onouha 6.5, Caulker 6.5, Yun 6.5 (Hill 82') ; Phillips 7.5, Sandro 7, Barton 8, Vargas 6.5 (Kranjcar 30' 6.5) ; Zamora 7.5 (Henry 75' 5), Austin 7.5.	Booked: Caulker, Barton, Henry.	Subs not used: McCarthy, Sutherland, Hoilett, Doughty.	Manager: Chris Ramsey 8.	MoM: Barton.	Referee: Lee Probert 7.	Att: 25,735.	Sportsmail's Match Zone shows where Bobby Zamora struck QPR's third goal.	Joey Barton's name was sung loud by travelling fans at the final whistle, in recognition of a fine display capped by a goal in added time to give this win an emphatic scoreline.	He drove onto a lose ball in the West Bromwich Albion box and lashed home with the ferocity of someone determined not to go down with a whimper.	Earlier, in the 84th minute, he received a forearm in the face from substitute Youssouf Mulumbu that saw referee Lee Probert produce a red card.	Was Mulumbu's act in retribution for Barton's claims Albion players had's ***' themselves when leading 2-0 at Loftus Road in December to lose 3-2?	Only he will know.	What is without question is that Ramsey's team are fighting for their lives.	Five successive defeats preceded this game, but three points paints fresh gloss on their survival hopes.	For Tony Pulis, this was a bad day.	His talks with chairman Jeremy Peace once safety is assured will have to wait.	Victor Anichebe (left) headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th after coming off the bench.	Joey Barton (centre) added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game against West Brom.	QPR captain Barton celebrates his goal, his team's fourth, in the game against West Brom.	Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton, shortly before he scored for his side.	Barton (left) lies on the ground holding his head after the foul that saw Mulumbu dismissed from the pitch.	Albion had the first clear opening in the 14th minute.	Darren Fletcher swung over a deep cross to find Brown Ideye, but the Nigeria striker directed his header above the bar.	Moments later, the visitors were ahead in stunning fashion.	A long ball by Robert Green was helped on by Zamora and nodded into the path of Vargas by Austin.	The Chilean cut across two West Brom defenders and let fly a cracking shot the other direction, utterly defeating Myhill from 25 yards.	'How s *** must you be, we're winning away,' sang the travelling hoard.	The hosts responded, with a cross by Chris Baird sent trickling wide by Ideye four yards out.	Soon after Vargas went down clutching his knee with nobody near him.	Baird continued play to the fury of Sandro, who rushed over once the ball had gone dead to remonstrate in rather close proximity to the Albion defender.	Vargas tried to continue but hobbled off minutes later, bringing the introduction of Niko Kranjcar.	The Croatian delivered a telling contribution in the 37th minute, flicking on a corner by Matt Phillips to find Austin unmarked at the far post.	The QPR striker applied the finishing touch as expected to take his Premier League tally to 16, his fourth against West Brom following a hat-trick in the fixture at Loftus Road.	Two minutes before the interval, Zamora provided that moment to take the breath.	Phillips played the ball to the forward but danger seemed distant by the corner of the area.	Instead Zamora glanced a shot with the outside of his left boot to send the ball soaring high before dropping into the corner of the net.	It was joyous.	QPR had done enough.	Green (left) makes a save as West Brom increased the pressure on QPR after scoring through Anichebe.	Zamora (left) is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike put them 3-0 up at half time.	Vargas (centre) celebrates with his QPR team-mates after opening the scoring in the 15th minute against West Brom.	Sandro (right) makes a sliding challenge against West Brom striker Saido Berahino.	Green (centre) makes a save for QPR as Berahino closes in on goal in the game at The Hawthorns.	Pulis, no doubt furious with his team's defending, introduced Victor Anichebe at half-time and his big frame had a sizeable effect.	In the 55th minute presented a very appealing chance for Craig Gardner but only a tame shot followed.	Three minutes later Anichebe had a goal for himself.	Saido Berahino latched onto Chris Brunt's long pass and dug out a cross that Anichebe reached ahead of Steven Caulker to steer into the far corner.	Pulis replaced Chris Baird with Jonas Olsson and changed to a 3-4-3 formation, instigating an Albion surge.	Robert Green punched clear a deflected shot by Ideye.	Berahino ten scuffed an excellent chance from four yards and Ideye headed another over.	Green, the QPR goalkeeper, celebrates his team's opening goal from Vargas.	Barton (centre) has his shirt pulled by Craig Gardner of West Brom in the Premier League game.	West Brom captain Darren Fletcher (centre) contests a header with QPR's Sandro.	Anichebe's attacking threat is stifled by Yook Suk-Young (left) and Barton (right) of QPR.	Niko kranjcar (left) of QPR and James Morrison (right) of West Brom battle for the ball in the Premier League encounter.	Brown Ideye (left) challenges for the ball against Barton (lower) Steven Caulker of Queens Park Rangers.	The victory is only the second for Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey but boosts their survival hope.
In a sport so often dominated by egos, the idiom'if he was chocolate, he'd eat himself' could be used on a weekly basis in boxing.	And going by the sobriquet'Kid Chocolate', you might expect Peter Quillin to have an appetite to match his ring alias.	Instead, the man who will stand in the opposite corner to Limerick's Andy Lee next weekend comes across as anything but the egotist.	Peter Quillin (left) may be nicknamed'Kid Chocolate' but he shows none of the expected arrogance.	At times, the 31-year-old's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight, carrying a 71 per-cent knockout rate in his undefeated record.	Only once during the course of an exclusive interview with Sporstmail does Quillin speak with a hint of bite to match the aggression that saw him put Hassan N'Dam N'Jikam on the canvas six times en route to his 2012 world-title win.	This comes when he is questioned about the criticism he received after opting to vacate his WBO world championship last year.	While Lee is the defending champion next weekend, Quillin, the challenger, is also the former title holder having never lost the belt in the ring.	The 31-year-old had been due to defend against undefeated Russian Matt Korobov but turned down a career-best $1.4 million pay day when deciding not to fight the mandatory challenger.	Lee later stepped in to defeat the Russian (for a much lower purse), leaving Quillin to face accusations of'ducking' his obligations as champion.	Only recently did Quillin reveal that he took a sabbatical to deal with the conflicting emotions of welcoming his first child into the world, while seeing his uncle unsuccessfully battle cancer.	'I learned a lot of patience through that, so I could n't care less what people' s opinions are or what they're about.	Nobody gets paid to care!	,' blasted Quillin about the flak he faced for giving up his belt.	'It's about being challenged, you'll be challenged for all different decisions that you make -- [ decisions ] that I made in my life and I think that applies to anybody else.	The American has a 71 per cent knockout ratio, but he is keeping his feet on the ground ahead of the fight.	'I just worry about myself, keep good thoughts and a positive mind and keep a great mindset for myself and that I'm just focused.'	Quillin's first son, Joaquin, was born last August, at the same time his close uncle, Eric Munson, battled pancreatic cancer, losing his fight just two months ago.	He has been out of the ring for 12 months since his last title defence.	Has he been able to shake the ring rust and the emotional baggage?	'Everything is a challenge in life.	I was always in the gym, but I was dealing with mental stuff and I'm glad I overcame those things.	'Now I'm back to where I need to be at,' answered Quillin.	'Testament to that is when I step into the ring with Andy Lee on April 11.	I challenge myself to overcome these things.	'My uncle's in his casket and gone now so I got a closing period, a one on one with my uncle before he passed.	'I left him in Grand Rapids (Michigan) on February 2 and he passed three days after.	It was like a rough thing, but I had my closing period where I accepted that the fate of God is going to be what it is and I did n't have no control over that.	I just learned some powerful things -- that I need to accomplish as much as I can while I'm living so that I do n't have regrets when it's my time.	'Now I'm just looking forward and Andy Lee is who's in front of me right now.'	Moving on seems to be a regular feature of Quillin's life.	Next week's fight with Lee will take place in the challenger's adopted home town, but to call Quillin one of'Brooklyn's Own' is to ignore his path.	Born in Chicago, but raised in Grand Rapids, only his'Kid Chocolate' nickname hints at his pedigree.	Quillin, who will fight Andy Lee next week, says it will be a big test against the Irish fighter.	He was christened with the alias owing to his physical resemblance to the legendary Cuban featherweight champion of the same ring name, but Quillin also has a blood connection to the Caribbean island as his father was born there before defecting to the US.	'I went there in 2009 and spent two-and-a-half weeks there and it was one of the best times.	I got to learn about life and experience, something different other than what I'm used to,' says Quillin on his pilgrimage to Cuba.	'Living in the United States all your life, you go out to another country and you assume you know everything until you see other people living a certain way.	'I had to recheck myself and say I'm not somebody that knows everything... I found out that it's not really about the money, it's about your family.	'My father left Cuba and met my mom in Chicago -- my mom's an African black lady.	My mom spoke nothing but English and my dad spoke nothing but Spanish, but my dad learned English from my mom and my mom learned Spanish from my father.	'My father knew the original Kid Chocolate in Cuba, but he's no relation.	It's part of my destiny that I was named Kid Chocolate by other people.	Quillin has been away from the ring for a while, but is now ready to recapture his title against Lee.	'I knew I had a big responsibility when it came to taking on the name.	It's a great part of my story to inherit a name like that and fight for the legacy of a fellow Cuban.'	Undefeated in 31 fights with 22 knockouts, Quillin is doing his best to uphold that honour but critics have suggested that he has not always taken on the best opponent available.	He has defeated some big names, including an old Ronald'Winky' Wright, while his stoppage wins over tough contenders were impressive and his title win over N'Dam (Lee's opponent at the 2004 Athens Olympic Games) proved his world-class ability.	But Lee is arguably his most testing opponent to date.	Quillin is reluctant to compare their respective levels of opposition, however.	'Andy Lee is just going to be one of those tests for me to go out and challenge [ myself ].	'For me to criticise other people's performances, that's not what I came in the game for, I came in the game to be a fighter and worry about fighting.	'I gave Andy nothing but respect for accomplishing what a lot of people did n't get to do, which is become a champion so I look at him like a champion and a guy that has never took a loss.	'You got to realise that Andy is who he is now and Andy today might be different from the Andy that was [ around ] yesterday or in the future, you never know.	'We just prepare and train hard to make sure we're able to learn [ about ] people right there in that ring and focus on that.	'You just have to accept sometimes that people try to be great like other people and never become great, but if you're able to take what you already have and work with those things you become great.'	His words read as a tasty recipe to become a champion.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has warned his players that Champions League qualification is still not assured despite holding an eight-point gap over Liverpool after Saturday's results.	Following a comprehensive 3-1 victory against Aston Villa, Van Gaal sees next Sunday's derby against Manchester City at Old Trafford as important in the battle to finish runners-up.	But having been given the task of qualifying for the top-four when he replaced David Moyes last summer, he is not letting complacency risk success, though Liverpool's 4-1 defeat against Arsenal on Satuday lunchtime puts United firmly in pole position.	Ander Herrera celebrates with team-mates after scoring his team's third goal at Old Trafford.	'It is not done yet,' he said.	'We still have to play everyone else in the top four and the table shows they are the best teams.	'Of course we have a big gap and can afford to suffer a defeat but everything is possible.'	However, van Gaal also sees the derby as an opportunity to push United's claims for a top-two finish.	'I am looking higher up.	The derby is a game for the higher places.	Chelsea are likely to be champions but you have to keep on putting pressure.	Spanish duo Juan Mata and Herrera celebrate the win against Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday.	Manchester United's Wayne Rooney celebrates with team-mates after scoring his team's second goal.	'Manchester City, is a different game to this one against Villa.	City shall not come with such a defensive strategy.	We have seen the same with Tottenham and Liverpool.	These are the matches wehre you can see fantastic matches.	There may even be a shock recall for # 60million man Di Maria who has been used as a substitute in recent weeks.	'His turn is coming, that I know.	But he has to wait for the right moment,' said van Gaal.	Angel di Maria has been used as a sub in recent weeks but he is closing in on a return to the starting line-up.	Rooney battles with Aston Villa ace Jores Okore during Saturday's victory at Old Trafford.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has delivered a sharp rebuke to David Templeton after the winger criticised the training-ground methods deployed by the manager's predecessors, Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall.	Former Hearts star Templeton claimed last week that McCall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management.	But McCall, who is busy transforming the club on the pitch after three successive wins in the Championship, was less than impressed by the player's comments and hinted that they may have been motivated by the player's lack of game time under McCoist and McDowall.	Rangers winger David Templeton spoke out about his former managers Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall.	'David made an error,' said the ex-Rangers midfielder.	'He was out of the frame a wee bit under Kenny and Ally.	'But he knows we are not here to criticise what went on before, because the players were part of that.	All we are concentrating on is the here and now.'	McCall also had words of warning for skipper Lee McCulloch, claiming his red card against Hearts could cost him his place in the Ibrox line-up.	The defender has been given a two-match ban - starting with Queen of the South at Palmerston on Thursday - after being sent off on Sunday.	The Light Blues captain put his elbow into the face of Jambos striker Osman Sow as the pair jumped for a high ball.	McCall, whose team clung on for a vital 2-1 win after playing 50 minutes a man down, had been happy with McCulloch's displays until that point.	But the interim Rangers manager has now warned the former Scotland cap he is not'undroppable'.	He said:'Lee made a poor decision.	I understand why he did it but it was a blatant red card.	He led with his elbow and it was wrong - but he knows he was wrong.	'He has got to take his punishment and move on now.	He has got a two-game ban - whether he gets back in the team thereafter we will see.	Lee McCulloch has been warned he could lose his place in the starting XI after being sent off against Hearts.	'Since I've been at the club he has done fine.	He's been good in the dressing room and his performances have been good.	'If whoever comes in over the next two games does really well, then he might not get back in.	'He's not undroppable, no, but at this moment in time with the games we have played he has done nothing to merit being dropped.'	Off the field, Dave King now hopes to get the SFA's blessing to take over as chairman after judges at the Court of Session approved his boardroom bid.	But with 12 first-team players out of contract at the end of this season, McCall has warned his squad they may have to wait for new deals.	He said:' I do n't think it will be too long before Dave becomes chairman of the club, so that is another positive move.	'I'm just concentrating on the football.	I've spoken to a couple of directors about things but we have five games in 14 days so I'm just focusing on that.	'As for contracts, that can only be sorted when the club knows what league it's going to be playing in next season, so that is the key.'	The weekend victory over Hearts moved Rangers back into the box seat for the promotion play-offs.	Rangers boss Stuart McCall has led his team to three consecutive victories in the Scottish Championship.	But that now leaves ex-Motherwell boss McCall facing the'nightmare' scenario that he could come up against his former Fir Park troops.	Motherwell's 5-0 victory over basement boys St Mirren has all but spared them from the automatic relegation spot but Ian Baraclough's team could yet be made to scrap for their Premiership place against Rangers in the play-off final.	'It's not looking likely at all because Motherwell are not going to finish in the bottom two - I hope,' said McCall.	'First and foremost we have to do our job and get in the play-offs.	'But I said when Motherwell signed Scott McDonald that I believed - and I still do - that they would have enough to get out of trouble.'	Before that, though, McCall must continue to rack up the wins, starting with Thursday's trip to Dumfries.	Rangers lost 2-0 on their last visit in December - just hours after it was revealed McCoist was stepping down as boss.	'I'm still aghast because I've just watched a video of the second half,' said McCall.'	I have n't showed the players because I think they know they were not in a good place at that time.	'The news about Ally broke on the afternoon of the game and it was just a down day.	As much as Rangers underperformed, all credit goes to Queens.	They are a good side, especially down there.	We know how difficult it will be.'
This felt a heavy blow for Derby County.	Looking on course for a first victory in seven Championship games against the 10 men of Watford, they conceded an equaliser to Odion Ighalo that further undermines their promotion ambitions.	Adlene Guedioura seized on hesitant defending by Craig Forsyth with 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to his Watford team-mate, who poked the ball past Lee Grant to snatch an unlikely point.	There was a seismic rally from the hosts, who ended the game camped in Watford's box, never mind half.	The final act was Heurelho Gomes producing a fingertip save from Richard Keogh's header.	Odion Ighalo celebrates after scoring Watford's equaliser to secure them a point at the iPro Stadium.	Ighalo is joined by team-mate and captain Troy Deeney (right) after making the score 2-2 on Friday night.	Darren Bent celebrates his goal from the penalty spot with Derby's mascot at the iPro Stadium.	Derby County: Grant 6.5 ; Christie 4 (Lingard 46' 6), Keogh 6.5, Shotton 6, Forsyth 5 ; Thorne 5 (Hendrick 29' 6), Hughes 6.5, Bryson 6 (Martin 76' 5) ; Ince 7.5, Russell 7, Bent 6.5.	Subs not used: Roos (GK), Ward, Albentosa, Warnock.	Booked: Bryson 56.	Goals: Bent 45 +1, Ince 57.	Manager - Steve McClaren: 6.5.	Watford: Gomes 7 ; Motta 3, Cathcart 6.5, Angella 6, Hoban 6 ; Layun 6 (Anya 64' 5), Watson 6.5, Guedioura 6.5 ; Ighalo 7 (Connolly 77' 5) ; Deeney 6, Vydra 7 (Tozser 46' 6).	Subs not used: Bond (GK), Munari, Doyley, Pudil.	Booked: Watson 7.	Sent off: Motta 44.	Goal: Vydra 23.	Manager - Slavisa Jokanovic: 7.	Referee - Kevin Friend 6.5.	Man of the Match: Tom Ince.	Attendance: 31,748.	Gomes had earlier saved with his legs from Darren Bent.	There was a goalline clearance.	Chris Martin arrived for his first minutes in nearly two months.	But it is only a point for Steve McClaren's side.	Enough to lift them back into the play-off places having fallen out earlier on Good Friday following positive results for those around them.	Only on goal difference however.	Having played a man up for the entire second half, this was a big opportunity missed.	It had seemed Tom Ince, fresh from pulling out of England's Under-21 side to concentrate on reigniting his stuttering career, had produced a goal of splendour that would do much the same for Derby's season.	Ince picked up the ball in the 57th minute, danced round two Watford defenders and bent a finish into the far corner.	At that stage Derby were set for a first victory since February 24.	But Slavisa Jokanovic adjusted his team cleverly and Watford found a way through.	Derby had begun the match as if the international break had been spent on a leash now removed.	A fortnight to stew on poor form and a loosening grip on promotion ambition, here was an chance to illustrate there is life in the old dog yet.	Tom Ince watches on as his strike flies into the bottom corner to put Derby 2-1 up against Watford.	Ince (left), alongside team-mate Bent, celebrates putting Derby in the lead against their promotion rivals.	Steve McClaren screams from the touchline as his Derby side look to strengthen their promotion charge.	Just two points collected in six games and the for those around them earlier in the day meant Derby entered the contest outside the top six for the first time since September 27.	Watford came into this game with a defeat ringing in their ears too, a 1-0 home reverse to Ipswich, but in pretty decent nick in general: five wins from the six before that.	The atmosphere carried the appropriate edge for a match of this magnitude, both sets of fans vocal.	It was the hosts who started with greater energy.	Watford's Marco Motta saw red just before half-time when he brought down Johnny Russell in the area.	Bent slotted the penalty past Heurelho Gomes in the Watford goal to level the scores at 1-1.	The former England striker's penalty levelled the score at 1-1 just before the half-time break.	In the 15th minute Bent had a close-range shot deflected wide and from the resulting corner a smart routine, involving Craig Bryson and George Thorne, saw Tom Ince released to the byline.	His cutback found Bent but the striker's former Tottenham colleague Heurelho Gomes saved the finish superbly.	Watford, starting with three forwards in Troy Deeney, Matej Vydra and Ighalo who have 48 Championship goals between them this season, carried a sizeable offensive threat.	In the 23rd minute they went ahead.	It was more sloppy defending from Derby, who have suffered from slackness at the back during their downturn.	Cyrus Christie was twice at fault, first losing possession to Vydra when trying to dribble clear then driving his attempted clearance in the box straight into Ighalo.	The ball popped to Vydra who lashed home a first-time finish for his fifth goal in seven games.	Matej Vydra celebrates his goal - the first of the match - to put Watford in the lead away from home.	Vydra (left) smiles to the crowd after putting Watford 1-0 up with his fifth goal in seven matches.	Late in the game, there was a brutal clash of heads between Adlene Guedioura (left) and Ryan Shotton.	Both players were sent flying and needed extensive treatment from their respective physios.	Guedioura was impressive for Watford, and was named man of the match by Sky shortly after his injury.	McClaren came down from his position in the stands unusually early to bark instructions and rearrange his side with George Thorne needing to come off injured on his return from a spell out.	Jeff Hendrick was sent on and contributed to the equaliser, delivering a smart backheel that gave Ince space to thread a pass to Johnny Russell in the area.	He took a touch and was brought down by Marco Motta.	Referee Kevin Friend pointed to the spot and, after consideration, produced the red card for denial of a goalscoring opportunity.	This was welcome change for Derby fans who had seen their side suffer defeat Wolves last time out after a horrible officiating error.	Bent stepped up and dispatched the penalty with clinical power, his eighth goal since arriving on loan from Aston Villa.	McClaren replaced Christie with Jesse Lingard in a bold attacking move at the interval, in search of a crucial victory.	But it was not to be.	Bent swivels to shoot at Gomes in the Watford goal, but he puts it wide and misses the chance to score.	Bent reacts to his missed chance, while Watford's Ben Watson (right) watches on with relief.	Watford are still in the hunt for a promotion spot after they hung on for a 2-2 draw despite losing a man.
Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff sees no reason to go cap in hand to the powers that be within the German giant and demand extra revenue to fight off the new threat of Ferrari.	From out of the blue, it was the scarlet red of Ferrari that was back on the top step of the podium for the first time in almost two years last time out in Malaysia, pushing reigning champion Lewis Hamilton and team-mate Nico Rosberg down to second and third.	From the threat of another Silver Arrows-dominated campaign in the wake of last year's stunning success and crushing start to the season in Australia, Formula One was provided with a much-needed tonic with Ferrari's return to winning ways courtesy of Sebastian Vettel.	Sebastian Vettel saw off the challenge from Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg in Malaysia.	Vettel (right) won the second race of the season following Mercedes' dominance last year.	That led to speculation Wolff was prepared to ask for more funds from the Mercedes board to ensure his team stayed ahead of the pack.	But a dismissive Wolff said:'We have everything we need.	'We feel confident in the resources we have, the staff we have, and that we are well-placed.	'We just need to stay calm, continue to develop and put the right things on the car.	'Maybe we put some things earlier on the car than planned, but there is no reason to panic.	'We are back into a regular racing season where you have more than just one contender, and more than one-twos every single weekend.	It's back to normal business.'	Mercedes chief Toto Wolff claims the champions will just keep calm and carry on.	Mercedes will look into reasons why the team was beaten into second and third in Malaysia.	Wolff insists his team has left no stone unturned since the race in Malaysia in a bid to uncover what went wrong, even though most teams would jump through hoops for a two-three finish.	'Although we had two cars on the podium, we have been looking very carefully at every area where we could have performed better,' said Wolff.	'Our opposition has raised its game and we must now raise ours even further.	'As we have said since Melbourne, we expect a season-long battle for both world championships and we must maximise every opportunity.	Rosberg (left) and Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base to go through their cars on Thursday.	'China is the next chance to do that - a circuit which has been a good hunting ground for the team.	'Lewis has a great record here, and for Nico it's where he made his first step into the winners' circle.	'We have the weapons at our disposal and we need to make the most of them this weekend.'	Hamilton is a three-time winner at the Shanghai International Circuit - including last year - whilst he has been on the podium on three other occasions.	Rosberg, meanwhile, was second to Hamilton last year after triumphing in 2012.	Like Wolff, Hamilton knows more can and will be done, as he said:'Malaysia was a tough weekend.	Hamilton heads to Shanghai having won the Chinese Grand Prix last year on his way to the title.	'It always is with the heat, but with car problems on Friday, rain during qualifying on Saturday and a race which did n't go to plan on Sunday, that one was particularly challenging.	'Ultimately we made the best choices we could, but there is always room for improvement and we've been working hard to analyse everything for the next race in China.	'The circuit is one I really enjoy and it suits my driving style quite well.'	I won the race last year and have only finished outside of the podium places twice, so the target is definitely to build on that and get back to the front.'	The British driver is congratulated by film star Arnold Schwarzenegger after winning the Australian Grand Prix.	From his perspective, Rosberg is far from happy with his two races to date which have seen him finish second and third.	'It's not been a perfect start to my sixth year with the team and I'm determined to turn that around this weekend,' insisted Rosberg.	'Of course, my team-mate will have other ideas, so will my compatriot in the red car (Vettel) I'm sure.	'But this is a track that has always suited me well, so I'm aiming to put in a strong weekend.'
Christian Benteke's hat-trick secured a vital point for Aston Villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals QPR.	Here, Sportsmail's Laurie Whitwell takes us through the player ratings from Tuesday night's match at Villa Park... Aston Villa 4-4-2 (diamond).	Brad Guzan 6.	Could not have done much with any of the goals and caught most that came his way.	Leandro Bacuna 5.5.	Offered an outlet down the right flank but allowed Hill a free jump for his header.	Aston Villa full-back Leandro Bacuna (left) tussles for the ball with QPR midfielder Sandro (right) at Villa Park.	QPR midfielder Matty Phillips (centre) dribbles forward with the ball as Fabien Delph (right) gives chase.	Ron Vlaar 5.5.	Gave Austin too much space for his strike and looked a little rusty after his spell out.	Kieran Clark 6.	Imposed himself with early headers but misplaced the odd pass.	Kieran Richardson 5.	Beaten too easily by Phillips for the visitor's third goal.	Tom Cleverley 6.5.	Full of energy and linked play down the right before coming off with boot in hand.	Carlos Sanchez 6.5.	Swept up at the base of Villa's diamond midfield.	Fabian Delph 7.	His usual vibrant self in midfield, driving Villa on and putting in tackles.	Jack Grealish 6.5 (Cole 70).	Failed to convert an excellent first-half opportunity but did well overall on his first Premier League start.	Gabriel Agbonlahor 7.5.	A performance of speed and power that troubled QPR no end in the first half.	QPR defender Clint Hill (left) clears the ball ahead of the oncoming Gabriel Agbonlahor (right) on Tuesday.	Christian Benteke seals his hat-trick and a vital point for Aston Villa in their battle against relegation.	Benteke's late free-kick brought the striker's tally up to 11 goals for the season.	Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood reacts during the Premier League game against QPR on Tuesday night.	Christian Benteke 8.	His most menacing display all season, and a superb hat-trick.	How much might that late free-kick be worth?	Tim Sherwood 6.5.	Inspired attacking bravado from his side but will rue not winning this match with the chances and fixtures to come.	QPR 4-4-2.	Rob Green 6.5.	Pulled off a number of saves that ultimately averted defeat, and could yet prove crucial.	Phillips breaks free off Aston Villa midfielder Kieran Richardson (right) as he impresses at Villa Park.	Phillips totted up his sixth assist of the year against Villa and is proving key to Chris Ramsey's side.	Aston Villa winger Joe Cole, on as a sub, knocks the ball ahead of QPR defender Steven Caulker on Tuesday.	Mauricio Isla 5.	Benteke's first came down his wing and deflected off his boot and Agbonlahor had joy too.	Steven Caulker 5.	Won less than half his 11 duels and looked lost during spells in the first half.	Nedum Onuoha 5.5.	Troubled in opening period by pace and movement of Villa's attacking trio.	QPR defender Hill scores his side's second goal during the thrilling 3-3 draw against Aston Villa on Tuesday.	Charlie Austin scores QPR's third goal against Aston Villa and his 17th of the Premier League campaign.	Clint Hill 6.5.	A good header at an important time in the match and relatively solid at left-back.	Matt Phillips 7.5.	Is fast becoming indispensible for QPR.	A well-taken goal and another assist, his sixth of 2015.	Joey Barton 6.5.	A nuisance as usual, winning free-kicks and keeping things ticking over.	Sandro 6.	Most memorable act was taking out Agbonlahor in build-up to Benteke's second.	Niko Kranjcar 5.	Fairly subdued and offered little protection on the left, hooked after 52 minutes.	Austin strikers for goal but sees his effort go just wide of Guzan's goal during the 3-3 draw with Aston Villa.	Charlie Austin 6.5.	Anonymous in the first half but produced when it mattered late on to take his Premier League tally to 17.	Bobby Zamora 6.5.	Managed to make it through 90 minutes despite his ageing limbs and provided a focal point for attacks.	Chris Ramsey 6.5.	Adjusted his team smartly as the match continued, making substitutions that affected the game and coming away with a decent point.
Tim Sherwood has warned Tottenham Hotspur to keep pace with Harry Kane's rapid rise or the England striker might one day be too big for the club.	On the eve of taking Aston Villa to White Hart Lane, Sherwood insisted his former club must improve at a similar rate or risk losing their academy star.	Kane was handed his first Premier League start for Spurs by Sherwood 12 months ago and has taken the top-flight by storm this season, scoring 29 goals in all competitions.	He penned a new five-and-a-half year contract at Spurs in February before scoring 78 seconds into his England debut last month.	Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham need to keep pace with Harry Kane's progression or risk losing him.	Kane has scored 29 goals so far this season and also netted on his England debut in March.	Villa striker Christian Benteke scored a hat trick in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday.	'I would n't want to put a price on him, they would n't want to sell,' said Sherwood.	'He'd be a commodity now for the club, he has earned that right through his performances this season.	'He needs to continue to do that for a number of seasons and perhaps he will be outgrowing that football club.	'Not at the moment, he has a long way to go before he outgrows a club the size of Tottenham.	For their sake they need to keep hold of him.	'I have communicated with him since I've left, just to wish him well when he's played for England and congratulate him on his call-ups.'	Sherwood joked that he would be the first to try to tempt Kane away from Spurs by bidding in the summer but said the form of Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor would keep out the 21-year-old.	'With Christian banging the goals in and Gabby playing like he is I have n't got room for Harry!'	he laughed.	Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games and has a decision to make on his future once the season is over.	Two years ago he handed in a transfer request to try to get a move to Tottenham and Sherwood admitted there was interest.	He said it would be his dream to partner Benteke and Kane together.	'I'd want them both,' he said when asked which striker he would choose.	Sherwood also praised the form of Benteke's strike partner, Gabriel Agbonlahor (right).	Sherwood believes Benteke's upturn in form is a result of improved service for the Belgium striker.	Benteke will look to continue his scoring form for Villa when they take on Tottenham and Kane on Saturday.	Sherwood said Benteke's improved form, having only scored three times before Villa sacked Paul Lambert, was down to the medicine of greater service.	'Do you think he was starved of service?	It's like a little bit of medicine.	If people keep throwing it down your throat all of a sudden you feel better and you feel more about yourself and that's where I think he is now.	'He knows if he gets chances he'll score.	He's just proved that.	He's a prolific goalscorer, he's a one in two striker.'
For the last few years the self-styled biggest club in the world, Manchester United, have not even appeared the biggest club on their home patch.	The'noisy neighbours' of Manchester City have spent more and won more.	And the Sir Alex Ferguson factor vanished from Old Trafford when he retired in 2013.	In fact the last time United won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney's late spectacular acrobatic goal earned them a 2-1 victory.	Wayne Rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 in 2011.	United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches - following the latest round of results.	Rooney (centre) scored a stunning half-volley as United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on April 4.	Meanwhile City players look crestfallen during their 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Easter Monday night.	But there has been a sudden and surprising shift this season.	United have forced their way above City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 2013, and should Louis van Gaal's red-hot team beat their suddenly-fragile rivals on Sunday afternoon, they will move four points clear of the defending champions.	For many, then, the natural balance of power will have been restored.	Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini is no longer trying to hide the collapse of his side's season, which has seen them slip to fourth and make an early exit from three cup competitions, including the coveted Champions League.	Having defended his side earlier following losses at Burnley and Crystal Palace, the Chilean has decided to be more candid ahead of the derby.	'It has not been a good season, definitely not a good season,' he said.	'It was not so bad until the end of 2014, we were top of the table and still in the Champions League.	But in the last three months, we have thrown it into the garbage, all that we did earlier.	We are doing some things very badly, that's why we must improve.'	Admitting there is a problem is always the first step to recovery but Pellegrini, who has won his last three games against United, appears a little less sure about how to fix it.	City boss Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of their season as'garbage' due to poor form.	The Chilean (left) cut a frustrated figure during City's 2-1 defeat at Palace on Easter Monday night.	His players have been derided as an ageing first-team squad.	Fifteen of them are 29 or over, including captain Vincent Kompany, who is experiencing his worst season at City.	But Pellegrini will not go along with such a theory, saying defensively:'I do n't think the best players at the end can suddenly grow old in three months.'	Nonetheless, he clearly believes City must flex their financial muscles again to replenish the squad, just as they did in 2008 when the new Abu Dhabi owners broke the British transfer record within 24 hours of their arrival to sign Robinho for # 32.5 million.	Since then, they have spent # 500m on transfer fees.	'I will try to continue being noisy,' said the Chilean, referring to Ferguson's famous quote about City in 2010.	'All the big teams spend a lot of money, always.	People just talk about it when it's City.'	The problem for Pellegrini is that United are back in the game, competing for the top players following a brief post-Fergie wobble.	United executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward, who has overall responsibility for the budget, is determined his club will not be bullied out of deals as they were when City beat them to Samir Nasri, from Arsenal.	Pellegrini wants City to flex their financial muscle in this summer's transfer market to bolster their squad.	City pipped rivals United to the signing of Samir Nasri (right) from Arsenal in August 2011.	Van Gaal, after five consecutive Premier League wins, is equally bullish, declaring:'I do n't have any doubt that players are coming to Manchester United.'	Negotiations for Borussia Dortmund's Mats Hummels and Ilkay Gundogan are understood to be under way but the acid test will be for Juventus and France star Paul Pogba, 22, rated the best young midfield player in Europe and coveted by United and City.	Both will throw money and the promise of titles at # 60m Pogba, who began his career at Old Trafford but was allowed to leave for Serie A after a rare error of judgment by Ferguson.	City say there are mitigating factors why they are a point behind United.	David Silva thinks United's absence from the Champions League has helped them.	'It does n't surprise me United are doing well, they have had the advantage of only having the Premier League to play for, just as Liverpool did last season,' said the Spaniard.	'It will be a hard game for us but we can definitely win.'	The future of Pellegrini will come under huge scrutiny if he loses this match.	He has been given some comfort by Van Gaal, who dismisses City's last result, a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace, as a virtual fluke.	Ilkay Gundogan (right) anchors Borussia Dortmund's midfield and could be brought by United in the summer.	Mats Hummels (left) looks likely to join United this summer to strengthen their porous rearguard.	Juventus' # 60million-rated midfielder Paul Pogba is also a summer target for United and their rivals City.	'I saw the game, watching on TV at home with a cup of coffee.	Crystal Palace went 2-0 ahead but you could not imagine it was a 2-0 game,' said the United manager.	'We have also played these kind of matches.	The opponents crossed the halfway line three times and they scored two goals but that's football, and more so in England than in other countries.	'Manchester City were unlucky and, of course, confidence is a big thing in football.	But Sunday is another game, a special game and it shall not influence a lot.'	Rooney's brilliant winner against City in 2011 was voted the best Premier League goal of all-time.	The United captain still regards it as his favourite.	'It was my best goal because of the importance of it.	We won the game and soon after we won the title,' he said.	Should United win on Sunday, their supporters will dare to dream of such moments again.	But if City can upset the odds and prove they are still a major force to be reckoned with, the noise will reverberate around Europe - and even reach Pogba.	United manager Louis van Gaal believes City's defeat at Crystal Palace wo n't influence Sunday's derby.	Expected team line-ups for the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon.	So far Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini has a 100 per cent record against United since he succeeded Roberto Mancini.	Manchester City 4-1 Manchester United, September 2013.	Sergio Aguero scored twice as Pellegrini celebrated victory in his first Manchester derby while another managerial debutant, David Moyes, watched his United side taken apart.	Manchester United 0-3 Manchester City, March 2014.	Edin Dzeko scored after just 45 seconds at Old Trafford and later added another as City completed a league double over United.	Pellegrini will have to think about starting the Bosnian striker today.	Manchester City 1-0 Manchester Utd 0, November 2014.	Different manager in the United dug-out, same result.	Aguero struck again after Chris Smalling had been sent off for United.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini is braced for a ferocious derby clash at Old Trafford this weekend.	The fading Barclays Premier League champions take on Manchester United on Sunday having unexpectedly fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table.	For most of the season City, if not looking like mounting the strongest of title defences, at least seemed destined for a top-two finish.	Manuel Pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on Manchester United with Manchester City on Sunday.	David Silva (centre) leaves the pitch looking despondent after City's 2-1 loss to Crystal Palace on Monday.	Sergio Aguero (centre) is blocked out by Damien Delaney (left) and James McArthur of Palace.	That is now far from certain following a dramatic slump in fortunes while United, ordinary for much of the campaign, appear to have clicked into gear in the last month.	With just a point separating them in third and fourth, the stage is set for a battle of high intensity.	Pellegrini said:'It is difficult to have a more intense match than you have in the Premier League every week but of course you add a little bit more for a derby of the city.	Both teams want to win.	'It is important to be the winning team in the city - that gives an extra plus for the game, not only intensity is better but quality.	'Both teams have very good players and both managers like to play an attacking system so I hope (for a good game for) the fans, for whom you play, and after that I hope we can win.'	City have held the edge over United in recent contests and could register a fifth successive derby win for the first time in their history with victory this weekend.	A win would also see them become the first club to beat United five times in a row in the Premier League.	United had the last laugh over City after the first of their current sequence of derby wins by winning the league in 2013 but since then the blues have had the bragging rights.	Pellegrini said:' I think that they have a lot of respect for our team because last year it was the team that dominated not only the derby but I think we dominated also the Premier League.	It is not easy for a team.	'In the last three years we won two and in the other we were runner-up.	This year we have been runner-up the whole year.	'We have to play seven games more and we will see what happens at the end of the season and in which position we will stay, but I think for them, they must try to beat the team that has been better in the last few years.'	City are likely to come up against an altogether different opponent than the Crystal Palace side that frustrated them last Monday.	Louis van Gaal's United have been fluid of late, winning impressively against Tottenham, Liverpool and Aston Villa to take their run of victories to five.	Facing a side that is not inclined to sit back could suit City but Pellegrini is dismissive of suggestions that might make it easier than in their most recent away losses at Palace and Burnley.	The Chilean said:'You never know but I do n't think it will be easy.	It will be different.	'United are a big team that like to play - especially with Van Gaal.	He's always an attacking manager.	We hope we will see a good game.	'We have a different problem, we have to make sure we do n't make mistakes because they have important and technically very good players.'	Despite a wretched run of just four league wins in 11 games since pulling level at the top with Chelsea on New Year's Day, Pellegrini maintains all possibilities remain open to his side.	City boss Pellegrini remains positive about City's achievements this season despite dropping down to fourth.	Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's clash against Manchester United on Sunday.'	I never think in a negative way,' said the 61-year-old, who will await the outcome of a fitness test on captain Vincent Kompany's hamstring injury.'	I do n't think of one, two or three points difference when you have to play seven games.	'When you have mathematical options in football you must never give up and always believe you can do it.'
There was poetic symmetry in Glenn Murray's humbling of Vincent Kompany at Selhurst Park on Monday night.	Ten years ago this month, the Crystal Palace striker humiliated another of the world's best defenders, World Cup and Champions League winner Gerard Pique.	Sure, Pique was just 18 at the time and playing for Manchester United's reserves but he, like Kompany, is all too aware of Murray's talents after the Cumbrian scored a hat-trick against him in Carlisle colours.	Glenn Murray jumps for joy after putting Crystal Palace 1-0 up against Manchester City on Monday night.	Barcelona and Spain defender Gerard Pique once conceded three against Murray in a reserve match in 2005.	Their careers have taken wholly different paths in the last decade but after a man-of-the-match display which all but ended the Premier League champions' title defence in a match viewed by millions around the world, Murray now gets a little taste of the limelight that Pique has basked in at Barcelona for years.	His poachers' effort on Monday was his fifth goal in his last five games.	Murray now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues.	He may lack pace but Murray's speed of thought is rapid and you will struggle to find a frontman in the land with a better ability to win the ball in the air, bring others in to play and generally unsettle defenders.	Just look at how troubled the vastly experienced and physically powerfully Manchester City pair of Kompany and Martin Demichelis were on Monday night.	Much of Murray's success comes from his cunning, a nous to win duels and subtly influence referees no doubt enhanced by years playing at the lower levels.	Murray holds off a challenge from Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany.	Kompany looks inconsolable at the end of the game after Manchester City were beaten 2-1.	And we're not just talking Leagues One and Two here, where Murray first began to shine with Rochdale and Brighton.	Before then he had turned out in non-league for Workington, Barrow, Carlisle and even had a spell at Wilmington Hammerheads in America's third tier.	Footballers just do n't take that sort of path to the top anymore, but there is no doubt Murray, now 31, deserves his chance.	His telepathic understanding with flying wingers Wilfried Zaha and Yannick Bolasie brought him 30 goals in 2012-13 and with it Crystal Palace's promotion.	Cruelly, he ruptured his cruciate knee ligament in the play-off semi-final victory over Brighton that year and missed the majority of last season recovering.	He had notched up 14 appearances by the end of the campaign, mostly off the bench, but looked a shadow of his former self under Tony Pulis, with the exception of a typically bullying display in Liverpool's famous implosion at Selhurst last May.	Murray celebrates scoring at Old Trafford as Palace beat Manchester United in December 2011.	Murray scores against Manchester City for Brighton in the League Cup back in September 2008.	Despite his rugged style Murray, like most players, needs a proverbial arm around the shoulder to produce his best - something Alan Pardew has undoubtedly afforded him and that Neil Warnock before him emphatically failed to do.	Pardew's predecessor shipped Murray out on loan to Reading to make room in his squad for Kevin Doyle, a striker who had scored just three goals in 23 games in League One for Wolves the season before.	How foolish that move looks now.	Pardew, in contrast, immediately reinstalled Murray in the Palace side and gave him a new contract to the end of next season when he took over in January.	His faith has been rewarded with a rich vein of goalscoring form that gives Murray the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the Premier League.	Murray wheels away to celebrate as City's defenders appeal in vain for offside.	The Cumbrian striker signed a new contract for Crystal Palace back in January.	Only four players in Europe have a better ratio than Murray -- though he has some way to go to catch Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.	One thing is for sure though, Kompany will certainly be glad to see the back of him, as was Pique 10 years ago.
Manchester City's grip on the Barclays Premier League title was loosened further after a controversial Glenn Murray goal put Crystal Palace on the way to a 2-1 victory.	Murray fired Palace ahead in the first half, despite both he and Scott Dann appearing to be offside, and Jason Puncheon crashed in a superb second to deal what looks to be a fatal blow to City's already slim hopes of retaining their crown.	The fading champions pulled one back through Yaya Toure but are now nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea, having slipped to fourth place.	Crystal Palace striker Glenn Murray (left) celebrates after opening the scoring against Manchester City.	Crystal Palace (4-1-4-1).	Julian Speroni 7.	Made two good saves of David Silva efforts in the first half and marshalled his defence well.	Joel Ward 6.	Has not been out of team all season, made his 100th appearance last night and was reliable as always.	Scott Dann 6.5.	Phil Neville thinks he's up there with the best centre backs in the division.	Certainly underrated on the evidence of this game, he made a few vital interceptions and played part in the goal.	Manchester City appealed for offside but Murray's first-half goal stood on Monday night.	Damien Delaney 6.	Picked up a booking for cutting down Aguero but otherwise solid.	Martin Kelly 6.	A lovely low ball into the penalty area in the second minute to almost set up a Palace goal if Zaha could have converted.	Joe Ledley 6.5.	Put his body on the line to resist a City onslaught in the first half.	James McArthur 8.	A superb, full hearted performance by the midfielder who made several vital clearances.	Joe Hart appeals to the officials as Murray celebrates after putting Palace ahead.	Wilfried Zaha 6.5.	Should have put Palace ahead in the second minute but sliced shot high and wide of the target.	Yannick Bolasie 6.	Might not be renowned for his defending but made an excellent first half tackle on Yaya Toure when the midfielder looked ominous.	Jason Puncheon 7.5.	His curling free kick to double Palace's lead was superb, worked tirelessly and made an important first half tackle on Toure.	Glenn Murray 8.5.	Against the run of play does not do justice to his 35th minute tap in but it was his fifth in as many games and he was a constant threat in the air, too.	Very lucky to get away with a blatant handball.	Subs.	Sanogo 83, Souare 84 and Gayle 88.	Manager.	Alan Pardew 8.	Is making Newcastle's decision to get rid of him seem even more ridiculous with every passing game.	Set up his side to defend deep and try do some damage on the counter attack.	19 points from 10 games.	Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure (right) hammers home the equaliser.	Manchester City (4-4-2).	Joe Hart 6.	Was tested just once in the opening half.	Bacary Sagna 6.5.	Right back 300th premier league appearance.	Vincent Kompany 6.	Seemed distracted by feelings of injustice after the Palace goal which he deemed to be offside.	City striker Sergio Aguero could not find a way through a steadfast Palace defence.	Martin Demichelis 6.	Rightly booked for a hefty challenge on Glenn Murray.	Gael Clichy 5.5.	He and Sagna struggled to deal with the pace of Bolasie and Zaha and offered little in attack.	Jesus Navas 5.	Another game where too many of his passes routinely went astray and replaced by Nasri before the Toure goal.	Will have to reassess his pre-match comment that City were still title contenders.	Fernandinho 6.	Made a senseless and unnecessary challenge on Glenn Murray to give away the free kick which led to the second goal.	City midfielder Fernandinho failed to sparkle at Selhurst Park.	Yaya Toure 7.	Was quiet in the opening half and twice prompted wolf whistles with his shots high into the stands at Selhurst Park but his goal was an absolute scorcher.	David Silva 7.5.	City's best man, hungry for the ball and characteristically intelligent passing.	Forced a couple of saves from Speroni in the first half.	Edin Dzeko 5.	A quiet game for the striker who seemed furious at his manager at being replaced by Lampard after 66 minutes but surely he could have no complaints?	The pressure is mounting on Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini.	Sergio Aguero 6.	Expert at finding space in a crowded penalty box and hit the post in the first half, just could not find a way through a steadfast Palace defence.	Subs.	Lampard 66 - 5.5, Nasri 77 and Milner 88.	Manager.	Manuel Pellegrini 5.	Manchester's premier home removal firms might look to clear some space in their diary around the end of May because surely his time at the Etihad is limited.	Referee.	Michael Oliver 5.5.	A mixed game for the youngest referee in the Barclay's Premier League.	He does not lack cojones, backing up his linesman who was probably right to rule Scott Dann and Glenn Murray onside for the goal and dealt well with the excessive protestations of City players.	But he missed an obvious Glenn Murray handball in the second half.	Samir Nasri gives a thumbs up despite Manchester City's 2-1 defeat at Palace.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of Marouane Fellaini as the big Belgian prepares to play in the fixture that marked the low point of his Old Trafford career 12 months ago.	On March 25 last year, Fellaini was jeered by both City and United fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 United defeat that proved the deathknell to the manager who signed him, David Moyes.	Even more hurtfully, Reds legend Paul Scholes was scathing about Fellaini's United career up that point, saying on television:'I'd be expecting a lot more of him.'	Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has praised the rebirth of resurrection Marouane Fellaini.	Fellaini, pictured against Aston Villa on April 4, is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday.	In the corresponding fixture last season, the Belgian (back) was criticised by fans and pundits in a 3-0 loss.	Things have changed dramatically since then with Fellaini developing into a more effective No10 than Juan Mata, Rooney or Angel di Maria have been this season.	Playing off Rooney, Fellaini has allowed van Gaal to play 4-3-3 with Ashley Young and Juan Mata either side of the centre-forward.	United have won five league games in a row and are in third place, a point ahead of City for Sunday's derby.	'Marouane always does the things that we want from him.	He is performing what we want from a midfielder, we have other players who are too creative and too emotional to do the job,' said van Gaal.	'I've always said for the balance of our team you have to also defend as well as attack and you have to beat the pressure from the opponent.	Marouane plays a factor in all these aspects, we needed him in the team, now he has that role and he plays his role very well.'	Fellaini, who cost # 27million when Moyes signed him from Everton, has scored three goals in United's revival and also scored three times for his country in their two recent Euro 2016 qualifiers.	As importantly, his aerial presence in both penalty areas has helped United.	His overall physicality has helped LVG bring back a formation that he used earlier in the season against Chelsea, Manchester City and West Brom, without winning any of them.	This season though, Van Gaal has been impressed with the midfielder's (right) ability in defence and attack.	'We have n't got the tallest team and have problems with the long ball,' admitted van Gaal.	'So we press more than we used to.	We have changed our shape to 4-3-3 because you can press better, I tried it at that time but we could n't do it.	It's a process and now we can do it.'	Typically for van Gaal though, there was a sting in the tail in case Fellaini should start to believe the good publicity.'	I took him off against Villa in the last game, that was n't for no reason,' stressed the manager.	Van Gaal also had praise for Spanish goalkeeper David de Gea who is interesting Real Madrid.	The United boss has until now been reserved in his praise for de Gea but he went on a charm offensive yesterday after the keeper made a rare mistake to allow Aston Villa's Christian Benteke to score last weekend.	'De Gea has had a marvellous season and everybody knows that.	He was very important in a lot of matches and therefore I ca n't change him,' said van Gaal.	Fellaini (right) has proved a more effective No 10 than club record signing Angel di Maria this season.
Steve Cotterill could be just a week away from putting Bristol City back into the Championship.	The 50-year-old needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion of a career that has been mostly spent rescuing clubs from relegation after goals by Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham clinched a local derby victory.	In front of a sold-out Ashton Gate, City took revenge for a bitterly fought 1-0 defeat back in November which ended their unbeaten start to the season.	Bristol City's Aaron Wilbraham (left) tussles for the ball with Swindon Town's Yaser Kasim (right).	Swindon Town's Michael Smith (left) shields the ball from the challenge of the oncoming Luke Ayling (right).	Bristol City (4-4-2): Fielding, Ayling, Flint, Williams, Tavernier, Smith, Pack, Freeman (Wagstaff 93), Bryan, Agard (Emmanuel-Thomas 86), Wilbraham (Elliott 94).	Subs not used: Saville, Richards, Cunningham, Osborne.	Booked: Agard.	Scorers: Agard 36, Bryan 80, Wilbraham 87.	Swindon (4-4-2): Foderingham, Branco, Ricketts, Turnbull, Byrne, Kasim, Stephens, Luongo, Gladwin (Swift 78), Michael Smith, Williams (Obika 69).	Subs not used: Barker, Barthram, Hylton, Rodgers, Cameron Belford.	Booked: Turnbull, Kasim.	Referee: Neil Swarbrick (Lancashire).	Attendance: 12,302.	That finished with Swindon chairman Lee Power accusing Cotterill of'lacking class'.	But it was the City boss who had the last laugh with a victory that left Swindon boss Mark Cooper having to pick his side up from two 3-0 defeats in four days that have finished their last hope of automatic promotion.	Just to add to their woes they had both Yaser Kasim and Raphael Branco booked, meaning both will now serve suspensions.	City had actually needed to ride their luck for much of the first half, with goalkeeper Frank Fielding pulling off three saves in two frantic minutes at one point.	And Swindon striker Andy Williams cost Cooper's side their best chance of going in front when he cashed in on a mistake by Aden Flint to go through.	He should have squared the ball back to strike partner Michael Smith who couldn' t have missed but instead tried to go it alone and gave Fielding the chance to save.	Bristol City striker Kieran Agard (centre) celebrates giving his side the 1-0 lead against Swindon Town.	Ben Gladwin (left) brings the ball for Swindon as Bristol City's Joe Bryan (centre) gives chace in midfield.	As if that miss was n't frustrating enough for the visitors, they were then architects of their own downfall when City took the lead on 35 minutes.	Yaser Kasim was put under pressure as Swindon tried to play the ball out from the back from a goal kick, and gave it away to Joe Bryan.	The young wing back hit a perfect pass to send Agard clear to make no mistake with his 11th goal of the season.	City had earned that goal for the way they worked to put pressure on defenders, and they made their own luck again when Derrick Williams stretched to divert Ben Gladwin's shot onto the underside of the bar.	Swindon's strike partnership of Williams and Smith had shared 36 goals and it was n't hard to see why as their movement constantly troubled City's defence.	But Williams, who had 21 of them, could n't quite find his shooting range and put another gilt edged opportunity over the bar just after half time when Massimo Luongo had sent him clear.	But that summed up the story of the night with no end product to so much possession, and the game swung back City's way when Jordan Turnbull turned Bryan's cross onto the top of his own bar.	With 11 minutes gone Bryan wriggled into some space on the edge of the box, put the ball onto his left foot, and beat Wes Foderingham with a perfectly placed shot into the top corner.	And the win was wrapped up when Luke Freeman reached the byline and cut the ball back for skipper Wilbraham to fire home his 19th of the season.	Gladwin avoids the sliding tackle of Bristol City's Korey Smith with the home side still leading 1-0 on Tuesday.	Massimo Luongo (left) dribbles forward with the ball for Swindon as Marlon Pack (right) keeps up with him.
Right from the moment he breezed through the doors at Old Trafford, Louis van Gaal was a man with a plan.	The first season, he stated, would see him deliver Manchester United back into their rightful place in the Champions League.	He would restore them to the Premier League top four but loftier aims of silverware would have to wait.	His three-year vision would allow for such thoughts but, first things first, United needed to be dining from European football's top table again.	Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning Man United into Champions League.	Wayne Rooney smashes home during Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday.	United's win over Aston Villa took them third, eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool in the table.	April 12 Manchester City (H).	April 18 Chelsea (A).	April 26 Everton (A).	May 2 West Bromwich Albion (H).	May 9 Crystal Palace (A).	May 17 Arsenal (H).	May 24 Hull City (A).	One season out of the Champions League was far from ideal, but two seasons would be an absolute disaster and something, he understood, that would not be tolerated.	In November, even that was looking optimistic.	A 1-0 defeat to Manchester City meant that United had taken just 13 points from their opening 10 matches - it was their worst start to a league campaign since 1986, when Ron Atkinson only lasted until November.	They had also been humiliated in the Capital One Cup by League One side MK Dons.	Once again, with a more than a hint of desperation, Van Gaal reminded everyone after the derby defeat that this was a long-term project.	'It's not good enough,' he said.	'But on the other hand, we are in a process, as I have said from the beginning.	The process shall take more than one year, it shall take three years.'	Suddenly, it seemed like Van Gaal was shifting the goalposts.	Instead of finishing top four in his first season, was he now suggesting that United might only be worthy of those positions by year three?	That did n't sound good.	It took some time for United to hit their stride under Van Gaal but things have finally come together.	United were again at their best in Saturday's 3-1 home win over Aston Villa, which took them third.	United celebrate their title triumph in 2013 - Van Gaal's aim is to return such success to Old Trafford.	But Van Gaal has been true to his word.	Barring a catastrophic late collapse in form, United will be gracing the Champions League again next season.	With an eight-point cushion established over Liverpool in fifth, United's faithful can look forward to those electric European nights against next season.	Their failure to qualify for the continent's premier club competition this year is a mere blip, rather than a symbol of sustained decline.	With matches against Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City still to come, there is even far-fetched talk of United winning the title.	Now that really would be an acceleration of the Van Gaal masterplan.	That wo n't happen but there's no reason why United ca n't finish second or third, avoiding the necessity of a potentially tricky Champions League qualifier in August.	United are on course, the plan is on track and Van Gaal can be satisfied.	There are growing signs too that Van Gaal's team are looking like the Manchester United of old.	Ander Herrera scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa at the weekend.	Juan Mata, who scored twice in the 2-1 win over Liverpool, has been excellent under Van Gaal.	Angel di Maria (right) has been mainly playing from the bench during United's recent good run of form.	Radamel Falcao (right) has also had to be content with a place on the bench.	The 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday was another indication that United are now a settled side.	The fluent, possession-based football and the waves of attack that were hallmarks of the Alex Ferguson era are slowly beginning to return.	Van Gaal, after trying what seems like a million combinations, has found the shape and system that best makes use of the resources at his disposal.	It seems to exclude Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao - combined value # 103.5 m - but while the money men wo n't be happy, everyone else is.	Now that United have manoeuvred themselves into a strong position in the top four, Van Gaal can regard his first season in English football as a job well done.	But year two demands further improvement.	United must mount a sustained challenge for the Premier League title and reach the later stages of the Champions League.	Those are the expectations.	Now we wait and see if Van Gaal can deliver.
No need to tell Padraig Harrington what a difference a year makes.	Twelve months ago he stood on the same spot on the same practice ground at the same tournament, the Houston Open, looking as crestfallen as I have ever seen him.	Now look at him.	There's an obvious contentment as he hits a few shots and breaks off to chat with his long-time caddie, Ronan Flood.	He's taking in the surroundings with the grateful bearing of a man handed an unlikely lifeline.	In short, here's a three-time major champion who's got his mojo back.	Three time major winner Padraig Harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters.	The Irishman practices during the pro-am before the start of the Houston Open in Texas.	The small miracles that occur in this game.	A month ago Harrington had fallen outside the world's top 300 when he accepted an invitation to play in the Honda Classic in Florida.	He ended up winning his first tournament in America since the 2008 USPGA Championship.	How on earth does that happen?	First, let's return to the depths of despair.	'Last year?	Yeah I was devastated, there's no other word for it,' he admits.	'I thought all along I'd do something that would get me to the Masters.	A year earlier I'd been in contention to win and now I was n't good enough even to start.	It was a huge shock.'	It was the first major championship this century for which he'd failed to qualify and he ended up watching it sulking on the sofa at home.	'It was very tough,' he says.	'I watched it all and it was n't nice.	Even though I was out of form, you always think you have a chance at any major, so I was gutted to miss out.'	Harrington had falled out of the world's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the Honda Classic.	The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger.	He looked for all the world like he would miss out this year as well until that dramatic play-off victory in the Sunshine State.	The spoils of success included an invitation to Augusta.	Ask him about next week and he sounds like a kid who's just discovered chocolate.	'I feel like I'm going to play in the Masters for the first time, I'm that excited,' he said.	'It's funny, all my family are going this year, while in other years it was, like: "Ah, not to worry, we'll wait and go another year."	Now that I've missed one they're fearing this will be the last time they will have the chance.	'As a player, a bit of that creeps in as well.	When you're playing great you think you're never going to miss these events.	But hopefully I shall play well for a while now.	That's been my thing over the years.	It's always been about peaks and troughs and keeping the peaks for as long as you can.	My wins tend to come together so hopefully I'll win a few more now.'	Harrington was'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters following poor results.	The Dunliner kisses the famous Claret Jug after winning the 2008 Open at Royal Birkdale.	Harrington's recent upturn in form began after winning the Indonesia Open at the end of last year.	Two of his wins together were the Open and USPGA in 2008.	So, as the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory, how does he rate Rory McIlroy's chances?	'The good thing is that expectation is already at saturation point, so I don' t think that will be an issue,' he said.	'Every week he's the main man so he's used to it.	I think the main issue for Rory is that so many other players are playing so well.	Take Dustin Johnson.	Rory's big thing was that he'd hit a driver everywhere while most players would hit three wood.	And he'd hit it straight so that made him not just long but doubly long.	But Dustin does the same thing -- and he's 20 yards longer than Rory.	'Having said that, Rory has shown when he has his A game he wins.	I'd go there with the attitude that if I win the Masters next year it'll still be the career grand slam.	He's just got to try and stay out of his own way as much as he possibly can.'	Harrington, of course, knows all about this mental side of the game, having read every volume on the subject.	Rory McIlroy heads to Augusta looking to complete a grand slam of winning all four majors.	The world No 1 faces competition from Dustin Johnson and his mammoth drives.	Last summer he started working with Steve Peters, the renowned psychologist who helped Britain's cycling team to glory and is now working with Liverpool football club and England.	Harrington was one of the 200,000 people who bought Peters's book'The Chimp Paradox.'	Basically, it's about how to manage your inner chimp - the part of the brain that runs on emotions and gut instincts.	'He has really helped me out,' said Harrington.	'He's helped me rediscover some essential truths about my game.	I'd lost my confidence in my ability to read greens, for example, whereas before I thought there was no-one I'd rather read a 10ft putt to win a major.	So that huge change in belief led to a lot of tentative strokes.	'As for my inner chimp, well he's not angry.	I do n't throw clubs or lose my temper.	He's an introvert, but he's very devious.	He needs a lot of reassuring and he was definitely doing a lot of damage.	But rediscovering those essential truths have helped me put my chimp back in his box.'	And long may he keep him there.	Harrington has been working with Steve Peters (left) who has also worked with Roy Hodgson's England team.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has claimed there is no crisis at Anfield despite successive morale-sapping defeats by rivals Manchester United and Arsenal.	Saturday's 4-1 defeat at the Emirates left Liverpool off the pace for the Champions League places and it seems that Wednesday's FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn now represents the Merseyside club's best chance of making tangible progress this season.	But speaking at Melwood on Monday morning, Rodgers denied suggestions that a training-ground meeting on Sunday was designed to quell dissent among his players.	Daniel Sturridge (left) and Raheem Sterling are in stitches as they share a joke in training on Monday.	Mamadou Sakho (left) and Emre Can were also in jovial mood as Liverpool prepared for Blackburn.	Captain Steven Gerrard listens in as Brendan Rodgers addresses his players at Melwood.	Gerrard smiles as he chats to team-mate and fellow Liverpudlian Rickie Lambert.	'We have lots of meetings in terms of analysing things and it was no different to a host of meetings,' said Rodgers.	'Those are the meetings which allowed us to recover from a bad start this season.	'It was nothing, just analysing performance, looking where we're at.	'We have seven Barclays Premier League games to go and an FA Cup quarter-final.	We know what our objectives are.'	I have a great bunch of players who tirelessly give me everything.	Italian striker Mario Balotelli looks in thoughtful mood at the session on Monday morning.	Rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats against their rivals.	Fabio Borini has a laugh with coach Mike Marsh ahead of the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.	'We might be short in certain elements but in terms of commitment and work ethic, that's been pretty clear since I have been here.'	Liverpool head to Ewood Park on Tuesday night without suspended trio Steven Gerrard, Martin Skrtel and Emre Can.	Rodgers believes his team have the mental strength to cope, though.	'We will go there focused and desperate to play after the disappointment of the weekend,' added Rodgers.	'It's Important to have this game quickly after losing.	Brendan Rodgers catches the ball during Liverpool's 4-1 defeat by Arsenal on Saturday.	Goalkeeper Simon Mignolet screams at defender Kolo Toure after another goal is conceded.	The fallout from Raheem Sterling's controversial interview overshadowed the build-up to the Arsenal game.	Liverpool will be without Emre Can on Tuesday night after the German was sent off at the Emirates.	'The group is committed to winning this trophy but Blackburn will be tough for us.	'We are where we are.	We're in fifth and up to now this season has been an up-and-down one.	'We have a lot of young players still adapting and learning, unfortunately.	It's not a mental barrier.	'It's something we need to keep working at as a team.	It's a very difficult challenge when you look at the four above us in the league.'
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez is a star-studded strike force that almost every team in the world would dearly love to have, but when the going gets tough, Barcelona turn to Jeremy Mathieu and Gerard Pique.	The French centre-back flung himself through the air to reach Xavi's free kick at the back post, heading home from close range, finally breaching Celta Vigo's stern defence.	It was Mathieu who had opened the scoring in the El Clasico, in similar fashion.	Pique, meanwhile, just a minute before Mathieu scored, had made an incredible, game-saving tackle on Celta striker Charles, to prevent him from opening the scoring.	Jeremy Mathieu (right) heads home in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo.	Celta Vigo goalkeeper Alvarez Conde (right) is unable to stop the powerful header from Mathieu.	Celta Vigo: Alvarez Conde, Mallo Novegil, Cabral, Fontas, Castro Otto, Hernandez, Fernandez, Krohn-Dehli (Radoja - 67'), Orellana, Larrivey (Dias de Oliveira 71'), Agudo Duran.	Booked: Krohn-Dehli, Duran.	Sent off: Orellana.	Subs not used: Mina Lorenzo, Lopez Sanchez, Blanco, Bongonda, Gomez Sola.	Barcelona: Bravo, Dani Alves, Pique, Mathieu, Adriano, Rafinha (Xavi 58'), Busquets, Iniesta (Pedro 75'), Messi, Suarez (Rakitic 85'), Neymar.	Subs not used: Ter Stegen, Montoya, Bartra, Sergi.	Goals: Mathieu 73' Booked: Suarez.	Ref: Inaki Vicandi Garrido.	Att: 23,731.	This gritty, barely-deserved triumph helped Barcelona stay four points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga, after Ancelotti's side's almost-harrowing 9-1 demolition of Granada.	Celta Vigo's aggressive pressing nearly paid dividends, but their hard-work and effort counted for nothing thanks to Mathieu's goal.	Their frustration manifested itself in a bizarre way, with Fabian Orellana sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets.	For some reason Sergio Alvarez, Celta Vigo's goalkeeper, is kryptonite for Barcelona's attacking trident, as they also failed to beat him in 90 minutes at the Camp Nou earlier this season.	After Barcelona's Halloween nightmare against Celta Vigo, the directive from Luis Enrique here was not to leave with egg on their faces on Easter Sunday.	Barcelona's own website stated that' a dose of retribution' was in order, after the 1-0 defeat by Eduardo Berizzo's side in late autumn.	Before the game Spanish media wondered if the international break had happened at just the wrong time for Barcelona and just the right time for Real Madrid -- something reflected in Madrid's big win at lunchtime.	The Frenchman wheels away in celebration of his second half header at the Balaidos Stadium.	Gerard Pique (right) and Sergio Busquets join the French defender in celebration of his goal.	With Los Blancos in disarray, a couple of weeks spent healing wounds away from the Santiago Bernabeu seemed an agreeable plan, while Barcelona's momentum was disrupted.	Jordi Alba was injured playing for Spain, so Adriano Correia started in his stead.	Messi, meanwhile, was dragged round the United States with Argentina, sidelined because of an inflamed foot which left him unable to put his boots on.	He managed to do that here, but his presence was barely noticed on the pitch.	With rival Cristiano Ronaldo scoring an incredible five goals earlier, Messi was left frustrated in his quest for the golden boot, with the Madrid man four strikes ahead of him on 36.	Luis Enrique has n't shown himself to be the sentimental type, but the former Celta Vigo manager gave Rafinha Alcantara a rare start against the team which he played for, both before moving to Barcelona at 13, and last season on loan.	However, the midfielder failed to impress and made way for the legendary Xavi early in the second half.	Mathieu (left) is congratulated by team-mates Lionel Messi and Neymar (right) after his goal.	Javier Mascherano was suspended for accumulating too many yellow cards, as is his wont, but luckily for Barcelona Busquets was fit enough to start for the first time in over a month.	Alvarez turned in the display of his life at the Camp Nou and Barcelona's attacking trident must have worried it was going to happen again, when he made a brilliant diving stop to deny Lionel Messi.	Profligacy was an issue in that 1-0 defeat too, which we were reminded of when Neymar slashed the rebound high and wide.	Los Celestes had made the early running themselves and Chilean goalkeeper Claudio Bravo, who boasts the best defensive record in La Liga, was down quickly to deny Joaquin Larrivey at his near post.	It was Larrivey that put the first goal of the season past Bravo at the Camp Nou and he was determined not to let the Celta forward in again.	With Messi quiet, it was down to the other two prongs of Barcelona's trident to try and make inroads.	Neither were successful.	Fabian Orellana was shown a red card for throwing a chunk of grass in the direction of Sergio Busquets.	The lump of turf strikes Busquets in the neck after tempers reached boiling point.	Neymar antagonised the Celta Vigo fans as he drew several fouls, but the Barcelona ones too with his incredible wastefulness.	To watch him in recent weeks is to see a different player to the one that dismantled La Liga defences earlier in the season.	His first touch was frequently poor, his passes off-target.	Suarez, meanwhile, went down in the box looking for a penalty under an arm from Gustavo Cabral, but far too little contact to actually tumble.	He was then booked on the stroke of half-time for a dive, although this time he has been charged into.	The one opportunity Suarez got he hit hard and true, stinging the palms of Alvarez.	But Celta Vigo were on top and Nolito was getting the better of Dani Alves time and time again.	Maybe the Brazilian's mind is elsewhere, with his contract expiring in the summer, but physically he seems less capable too.	Orellana (right) leaves the field after referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido brandishes a red card.	The Barcelona players surround referee following a controversial decision.	One horrendous defensive mix-up left Nolito charging for the ball with Bravo.	The keeper got his foot to it before colliding with the Celta Vigo man, but the fans screamed for a penalty, unsuccessfully.	The offside flag being raised against Orellana led to a Celta goal being ruled out, but the best chance fell to Larrivey before the interval.	Orellana cut the ball neatly across the box but the striker, unmarked, nine yards out, lacked composure, hacking at it and sending it into the Vigo night sky.	Barcelona continued to struggle, with Neymar's goal harshly ruled out for offside and a shanked Alves shot the only efforts to their credit.	Messi and Neymar react after another missed opportunity during a frustrating evening for the duo.	Then came Pique's tackle on Charles, with the defender making a super-human effort to get back and deny the striker.	Celta Vigo were almost instantly punished for it, with Mathieu breaking the deadlock.	Barcelona could n't kill the game, even after Orellana's late sending off, with Messi scooping the ball over Alvarez but inches over the crossbar too.	It did n't matter ; they held on to earn the three points and maintain the four-point lead over Real Madrid that they started the week with.	And one game less for each side to play.	It's not pretty, it's not'the Barca way', but if Enrique lifts La Liga, nobody will be worrying about that.	Neymar (right) fights for the ball against Celtais Andreu Fontas during the La Liga clash.
Even by his stratospheric standards, this was something very special.	Cristiano Ronaldo was back to his brilliant, unplayable best as he scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday, among them an eight-minute hat-trick.	That treble was Ronaldo's 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in La Liga, equalling Lionel Messi's record in the competition.	It also took his formidable goal tally for the Bernabeu club to 299 in 287 matches.	Against Granada, Ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches.	But, compared with some, they have got off quite lightly.	We take a look at the clubs who have suffered the most at the hands of the Portuguese wonder.	Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday afternoon.	The Portuguese superstar was simply irresistible as Real ran riot at the Bernabeu.	SEVILLA - 18 Goals in 12 matches.	There's no denying it - Ronaldo just loves playing against Sevilla, whose defence must be terrified every time they see him.	Three of those La Liga hat-tricks have come against the team from Andalusia - he scored triples in a 6-2 win at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan in May 2011, a 4-1 success at the Bernabeu in February 2013 and a 7-3 thrashing in October of the same year.	But they are n't even Ronaldo's best return.	He scored four goals, including a 12-minute hat-trick, in another 6-2 win in Seville back in May 2011.	Most recently, Ronaldo scored twice in Real's 2-0 UEFA Super Cup win over Sevilla in August.	Ronaldo celebrates with James Rodriguez after scoring in Real's 2014 UEFA Super Cup win over Sevilla.	ATLETICO MADRID - 15 Goals in 20 matches.	Madrid derbies have been pretty common in recent years - not only in La Liga but also in the Copa del Rey (they're met in four of the last five seasons) and, of course, last season's Champions League final.	In the 2011-12 league fixtures, Ronaldo scored twice against Atleti at the Bernabeu and three times against them at Vicente Calderon.	Both matches ended in 4-1 wins for Real.	But the most famous was in Lisbon last May, when Ronaldo scored Real's fourth in the Champions League final and ran off for that shirtless celebration.	Ronaldo whips off his shirt to celebrate scoring the fourth goal in Real's 2014 Champions League final win.	BARCELONA - 15 Goals in 26 matches.	As a Manchester United player, Ronaldo failed to score in five meetings with Barcelona but that soon changed when he switched to Real Madrid in 2009.	Scored: 417 goals.	Against: 82 clubs.	He scored an extra-time header to win the Copa del Rey final of 2011 and claim his first piece of silverware at the Bernabeu.	And the Clasico goals have flowed regularly since - Ronaldo has scored seven against Barca in the league, five in the Copa del Rey and three in the Supercopa.	With Ronaldo and Messi in a never-ending'anything you can do' contest, there should be many more to come.	Lionel Messi was left scratching his head after Ronaldo scored in the Clasico last October.	GETAFE - 15 Goals in nine matches.	Ronaldo really has it in for Getafe with an excellent scoring ratio against Madrid's city rivals.	He notched hat-tricks against them in both the 2010-11 season and the 2012-13 campaign and added two more in a 3-0 Real win when the sides met at the Coliseum Alfonso Perez back in January.	I doubt Getafe are looking forward to their last-day visit to the Bernabeu very much... Ronaldo celebrates after scoring against Getafe at the Bernabeu in May 2011.	ATHLETIC BILBAO - 14 Goals in 12 matches.	Another team Ronaldo averages better than a goal a game against is Bilbao.	He topped up his impressive record against the Basques with a hat-trick in a 5-0 home win earlier this season.	That was the second time he has scored three against them - the other came in a 5-1 Bernabeu victory in November 2010.	Ronaldo also registered doubles in a 4-1 win in January 2012 and a 3-0 win at San Mames in April 2013.	Ronaldo heads home Real's second goal against Athletic Bilbao in a La Liga meeting in September 2013.	MALAGA - 13 Goals in 13 matches.	Ronaldo has Malaga in the crosshairs too, averaging a goal a game in his 13 encounters with them.	He has scored two hat-tricks against them, in a 7-0 demolition at the Bernabeu in March 2011 and a 4-0 success at La Rosaleda in October the same year.	It almost came as a surprise when Ronaldo failed to find the net against them back in November - but he did contribute two assists instead.	Ronaldo wheels away in celebration after scoring against Malaga back in January 2010.	CELTA VIGO - 12 goals in six matches.	Ronaldo's best scoring ratio is against Celta Vigo where he has an incredible average of two goals a game.	Admittedly, there have only been six games since Celta returned to the top flight but nearly all of them have been messy.	Ronaldo scored a hat-trick in a 3-0 home win earlier this season and he also scored three in a Copa del Rey tie in January 2013.	Indeed, Ronaldo has scored every time he's faced them.	Ronaldo averages two goals a game against Celta Vigo - including this one in December 2014.	LEVANTE - 12 Goals in 11 matches.	Levante have also served as target practice for Ronaldo too over the years, with the goals coming at regular intervals.	Earlier this season, Ronaldo helped himself to two as Real routed them 5-0 at the Ciutat de Valencia.	A Copa del Rey tie in December 2010 saw Ronaldo score three of Real's eight strikes.	On target for Real in an away La Liga match with Levante back in November 2012.	VILLARREAL - 11 Goals in 13 matches.	After drawing a blank four times against Villarreal with Manchester United, Ronaldo has well and truly made up for lost time.	He has scored 11 times in nine La Liga encounters, including a hat-trick in a 4-2 home win in January 2011 (plus an assist for good measure).	Ronaldo extended his scoring streak against the Yellow Submarine this season, netting both home and away.	A high-five for Gareth Bale after scoring against Villarreal earlier this season.	The game ended 2-2.	GRANADA - 11 Goals in eight matches.	Ronaldo sliced through the Granada defence on Sunday like a knife through butter, registering the first five-goal haul of his career.	He also took his impressive tally against this particular opponent to 11 goals in eight outings.	Ronaldo points to the heavens after scoring for Real Madrid against Granada last season.	RONALDO AGAINST THE ENGLISH TEAMS.	Ronaldo's prolific scoring record against the Spanish clubs means you have to go down to No 16 on the overall list to find the Premier League opponent he has scored most against.	It's Aston Villa - Ronaldo scored nine times in 14 matches against them during his time with Manchester United.	He also has eight in 16 meetings with Tottenham Hotspur.	But how about the leading teams in England?	ARSENAL - Six goals in 15 matches.	Ronaldo mustered half a dozen goals for Manchester United against the Gunners during his six seasons at Old Trafford.	The most significant were the two at the Emirates to deliver United into the 2009 Champions League final, while he also scored twice in a 4-2 success at Highbury in February 2005.	Ronaldo celebrates his stunning free-kick for Manchester United in the Champions League semi with Arsenal.	MANCHESTER CITY - Five goals in 13 matches.	Ronaldo scored four times in Manchester derbies during his time at Old Trafford - and also found the target against City for Real Madrid in a 2012 Champions League tie.	His most telling contribution was a penalty at the Etihad in May 2007 as United beat their rivals 1-0 en route to the Premier League title.	A youthful Ronaldo scored twice as United beat City 4-2 in an FA Cup tie in February 2004.	LIVERPOOL - Three goals in 11 matches.	Ronaldo has struggled for goals against Liverpool - scoring twice against them for United and then adding another in Real's 3-0 win at Anfield earlier this season.	That was his first time scoring at Anfield as the other two came at Old Trafford in contrasting circumstances - a 3-0 win in March 2008 and a 4-1 loss in March 2009.	Ronaldo draws the ire of the Anfield crowd after scoring there for Real Madrid earlier this season.	MANCHESTER UNITED - Two goals in two matches.	Ronaldo came back to haunt Sir Alex Ferguson and United by scoring in both legs of their 2013 Champions League last-16 tie.	His header cancelled out Danny Welbeck's opener in the Bernabeu and he then scored the decisive goal at Old Trafford - refusing to celebrate - after Nani had been sent off for United.	Ronaldo refused to celebrate after scoring the goal that knocked Man United out of Europe in 2013.	CHELSEA - One goal in 15 matches.	Ronaldo's record against Chelsea is poor - having found the net just once against the London side in 15 appearances.	Mind you, it was an incredibly important one, a header in the 2008 Champions League final as United claimed their third European Cup triumph.	Ronaldo towers above the Chelsea defence to head home during the 2008 Champions League final.	18 - Sevilla.	15 - Atletico Madrid, Barcelona, Getafe.	14 - Atletico Bilbao.	13 - Malaga.	12 - Celta Vigo, Levante.	11 - Villarreal, Granada.	10 - Osasuna.	9 - Aston Villa, Valencia, Rayo Vallecano, Real Sociedad, Deportivo.	8 - Tottenham.	7 - Schalke, Ajax, Zaragoza, Mallorca, Elche, Almeria, Fulham, Wigan.	6 - Racing Santander, Galatasaray, Arsenal, Bolton, Newcastle, Portsmouth.	5 - Everton, Manchester City, West Ham, Middlesbrough.	4 - Bayern Munich, Marseille, Lyon, Xerez, Espanyol, Derby, West Brom, Reading.	3 - FC Copenhagen, Borussia Dortmund, Roma, Juventus, CSKA Moscow, Real Betis, Valldolid, Dinamo Moscow, Liverpool, Blackburn.	2 - Ludogorets, AC Milan, Sporting Lisbon, Basle, Zurich, Eibar, Gijon, Hercules, APOEL, Southampton, Birmingham, Stoke, Hull, Manchester United, Watford.	1 - Auxerre, Inter, Gamba Osaka, Porto, Murcia, Tenerife, Cordoba, Ponferradina, Debreceni, Sunderland, Charlton, Chelsea, Millwall, Exeter.
Brendan Rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four and admitted this slide out of the elite will damage Liverpool in the transfer market.	Rodgers knows he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign -- and to keep those who might be hankering after a move, such as Raheem Sterling.	'It makes it difficult, there's no doubt about that,' said the Liverpool manager.	'Most players want to be in the Champions League.	They want to play at the top level of the game and if you're not in the Champions League it makes it difficult for you.	We know that.	Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four.	Liverpool players leave the pitch after the 4-1 defeat against Arsenal on Saturday afternoon.	Arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since Christmas in all competitions.	That includes 12 Premier League wins, one in the Champions League and four FA Cup victories.	'It's going to be a little like this until we become more stable.	We've got young players who are growing, getting more experience and then hopefully there will be a period where we qualify again.	We want to be in the Champions League.	That's important and it is key for us.	'It's highly unlikely this year.	But Liverpool is a great club.	I said that before I came into it.	It's a phenomenal club that players want to play for.'	Rodgers starts the week seven points adrift of the Champions League places with fourth-placed Manchester City playing tonight at Crystal Palace.	Successive defeats against direct rivals Manchester United and Arsenal have seen him write off his top-four hopes.	'I'm a realist,' said the Liverpool boss.	'We needed to take something from Arsenal.	If we'd done that then our chances would have been greater.	I would n't expect the others to slip up, particularly Arsenal or Manchester United.	I do n't expect them to do that.	Add to that, the sort of growing number we've got unavailable I think it will make it very, very difficult with only seven games to go.'	Rodgers will instead prioritise the FA Cup.	It is nine years since Liverpool won the trophy but indiscipline is eating away at his options ahead of Wednesday's quarter-final replay against Blackburn.	Anthony Taylor had no choice but to send Emre Can off after he committed a poor tackle on Danny Welbeck.	Jordan Henderson tried to argue Can's case after the defender saw red for a second bookable offence.	Centre halves Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are suspended, which will not help solve the defensive shambles which unfolded at the Emirates Stadium.	Steven Gerrard is also banned after being sent off against United.	Mario Balotelli ruled himself out of the 4-1 defeat at Arsenal, complaining of an unspecified knee injury after training on the eve of the game, while Daniel Sturridge played and did not look confident about his own fitness after pulling out of England duty with a hip injury.	After selling Luis Suarez last summer and starting the campaign poorly, Liverpool recovered, only to lose their impetus after beating Manchester City a month ago.	'We always felt this year was going to be difficult, that was the reality of it,' said Rodgers.	'Our run last year nearly brought us the title.	We lost a world-class player and lots of other developments happened within the club.	Mario Balotelli (left) ruled himself out of the defeat after complaining of an unspecified knee injury.	Rodgers cites losing a'world-class player' like Luis Suarez (right) has made things difficult for Liverpool.	'But it's frustrating that we got ourselves in a position over the last three months, very close, to then come up short in the past two games.	I look at Arsenal and their bench, the players, the world-class players on the field with big talent and it shows the continual work we have to do.	'We do n't give up.	We will fight right to the end.	Obviously the FA Cup is a priority for us.	But there's been lots of positives from it, looking at players' development, seeing players grow, it's been good.	'And, as a manager not that long in the game, it's been great for me up to this point, learning about the dynamics of everything.	We can still fight and we have an obligation to represent the supporters in the last seven games, and in the FA Cup, to finish as well as we can.'	Liverpool will meet Arsenal again at Wembley in the FA Cup final, if it all goes to form, and Arsene Wenger's team are finishing the season in irresistible form.	The Arsenal players celebrate Hector Bellerin's goal during the 4-1 victory on Saturday.	They have won 17 of 20 games in all competitions since Christmas, a sequence spoiled by the aberration in the first leg against Monaco in the Champions League.	There are grounds for optimism at the Emirates but Wenger has good vibes about the future.	'We have a good mentality and good cohesion in the team,' said the Arsenal boss.	'There is something happening.	That shows you that they are ready to fight for each other.	You can see that.	'You ca n't cheat on that.	People smell that.That of course is a good basis, and defensively we are getting better.	I think you also have to give credit to players who get less, such as Francis Coquelin.	'But I am old enough to know that things are never as comfortable as they look.	Let's judge at the end of the season.	'We're on a good run and it will be down to how we can maintain that focus and urgency.'
Ander Herrera has caught the eye in recent weeks after cementing a spot in Manchester United's starting line-up but it appears he does not actually have a clear sight at goal.	Herrera netted a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon without actually looking at Brad Guzan's goal as his eyes appeared to be shut when making contact with the ball.	In fact, six of Herrera's seven goals have been scored without him even having to glimpse at either the ball or the opposition's net.	Manchester United star Ander Herrera scores his side's opening goal against Aston Villa with his eyes shut.	The Spanish midfielder appears to have his eyes closed as he strikes at Brad Guzan's goal.	Aston Villa and England midfielder Fabian Delph attempts to block Herrera's left-footed shot.	His eyes were wide open when he struck an impressive first-time shot against Yeovil in the third round of the FA Cup back in January.	However his double against Aston Villa and his goals against Queens Park Rangers, Leicester, Preston and Swansea all came without Manchester United's summer signing having to make eye contact with the ball.	Herrera appears to have a history of shooting with his eyes closed as the image of his goal for Spain's Under 20 side back in 2009 shows.	Herrera hits the back of the net while representing Spain's Under 20 side against Tahiti.	The former Athletic Bilbao joined the Red Devils for # 29million in the summer due to his vision and creativity in midfield.	Louis van Gaal heaped praise on the 25-year-old's shooting ability after Saturday's Premier League encounter at Old Trafford, by stating:'He has a very good kicking technique and he should be more composed,' Van Gaal said to MUTV.'	I said to him'you have to control the ball before you shoot'.'	I said that to him again in yesterday's training session, and then I kissed him at half-time because he had controlled the ball for the first time in his life and then he shot.'	Herrera's eyes were also shut for Manchester United's third goal against Aston Villa on Saturday.	His only Manchester United goal scored with his eyes wide open came against Yeovil Town back in January.	Herrera scored in Manchester United's 4-0 win over Queens Park Rangers without looking at the ball.	The former Athletic Bilbao man flicked the ball past Preston's players without having his eyes on the ball.	Herrera scored in Manchester United's 2-1 defeat by Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium in February.	He also netted in Manchester United's shock 5-3 defeat at the hands of Premier League strugglers Leicester.
Whatever you call them, it's always something of a surprise when a game between the biggest and best teams in any country actually turns out to be a footballing classic.	Real Madrid and Barcelona attract viewers, but the cynicism on the pitch can drown out the quality in El Clasico.	Borussia Dortmund are not consistently good enough to make Der Klassiker a regular spectacle.	English football's closest equivalent, Liverpool taking on Manchester United, is now merely a battle for the top four.	But, on Easter Sunday, Marseille and Paris St Germain played out a game that not only had a huge bearing on the Ligue 1 title race, but also easily lived up to it's billing as Le Classique.	Paris St Germain players celebrate their win in the dressing room after the game, after twice coming from behind to beat rivals Marseille.	Andre-Pierre Gignac gets up above Marquinhos to power home the opening goal for Marseille after half an hour.	Blaise Matuidi is congratulated by his team-mates after bringing PSG level with a superb curling effort from the edge of the box.	Gignac fires home his second goal past Salvatore Sirigu after a mistake from Marco Veratti gave him a clear run on goal, to make it 2-1.	Marquinhos jumps for joy after slamming the ball into the roof of the net to make it 2-2 after Zlatan Ibrahimovic's mis-hit free kick.	Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later, as PSG went ahead for the first time in the game.	Marseille: Mandanda, Romao, Fanni, Morel, Lemina, Dja Djédjé, Mendy, Payet, Thauvin (Ocampos 63 mins), Gignac (Batshuayi 71), Ayew (Alessandrini 72).	Subs not used: Aloe, N'Koulou, Samba, Tuiloma.	Goals: Gignac 30, 43.	Booked: Romao, Fanni, Ayew, Gignac.	PSG: Sirigu, Marquinhos, Thiago Silva, David Luiz (Van der Wiel 34), Maxwell, Verratti, Motta, Matuidi, Pastore (Rabiot 82), Ibrahimovic, Cavani (Lavezzi 59),.	Subs not used: Douchez, Cabaye, Bahebeck, Digne.	Goals: Matuidi 35 Marquinhos 49, Morel OG 51.	Booked: Veratti, Pastore.	In the end it was PSG who ran out winners, but they twice had to come from behind to see off their fierce rivals in a game that had passion, quality, and goals aplenty.	The game was decided by a 130-second burst soon after the half-time break, in which the visitors came from 2-1 down to go 3-2 ahead, with Zlatan Ibrahimovic, predictably, involved in both goals, though not perhaps, in the way that would be expected.	First the Swedish star slipped as he struck a free kick at goal, only to see his nothing effort land at the feet of Brazilian defender Marquinhos, who slammed the ball into the roof of the net from close range.	Just two minutes later Ibrahimovic might have been on hand to tap home Javier Pastore's low cross, but in the end his presence was enough to force defender Jeremy Morel to divert it past his own goalkeeper.	It felt harsh on Marseille, who were the better side for large periods, but they were let down by defensive frailties and an inability to really punhish the PSG backline.	Despite the hosts dominance of possession, the champions could easily have won this by three or four goals, such were their chances.	Ibrahimovic had several excellent opportunities, the last of which saw Steve Mandanda pull off a remarkable save, while Pastore should have scored at least once, and Mandanda also did well to deny Matuidi late on.	All of that without considering the chances the visitors missed before falling behind in the first half, with Ibrahimovic denied a penalty following a clumsy tackle by Morel, Pastore firing wide when clean through, and the woefully out of form Edinson Cavani scuffing a volley straight at the keeper after being picked out by a beautiful chipped pass.	Zlatan Ibrahimovic (left) challenges for the ball against Jeremy Morel in the crucial top of the table clash in Ligue 1 on Easter Sunday.	Dimitri Payet gets a shot away under pressure from Marco Veratti of PSG in the Stade Veledrome as Marseille looked to take home advantage.	On the other hand it is difficult to remember Salvatore Sirigu making too many meaningful saves in the second half, although he did acrobatically tip a Gignac header over the bar shortly before the break to deny the striker a hat-trick.	With Lyon having briefly gone top of the table by beating Guingamp earlier in the weekend, it was a game both sides really needed to win to keep up their title challenges.	The result puts Laurent Blanc's men top of Ligue 1 again, and is a serious dent to Marseille's hopes.	It all looked so different at half time, when an Andre-Pierre Gignac double had his side 2-1 up.	The local-born hero first rose above Marquinhos at the back post to head past Sirigu on the half-hour, before slotting past the Italian shortly before half time to restore the lead.	Both goals had an element of fortune, with Gignac climbing all over his defender to convert Dimitri Payet's cross, and Marco Veratti gifting him possession through on goal for the second, but nonetheless he took both well.	In between was the pick of the goals, a stunner from Blaise Matuidi, who cut inside beautifully, before curling in from the edge of the box, via the fingertips of Mandanda and the inside of the post.	PSG's win was marred only by an injury to David Luiz, withdrawn in the first half with what looked like a hamstring pull.	But a win over their fierce rivals, and the return to the table's summit, will soften that blow.	David Luiz is brought down, and the Brazilian defender was forced off soon after with a hamstring injury which looked serious.	Marseille took the lead twice in the first half, but on both occasions they were unable to stay ahead for too long.	Gignac celebrates his second goal, and the Marseille striker was only denied his hat-trick by an acrobatic save from Sirigu.	Ibrahimovic looks on unimpressed during a difficult first half for the French champions, but his side kept responding to going behind.	Marquihos wheels away after scoring his goal, which made the score 2-2 early in the second half, and changed the momentum of the game.	The fiery atmosphere bubbled over late on, as Ezequiel Lavezzi was targeted with missiles and laser pointers while trying to take a corner.	The home fans produced a passionate atmosphere in the cauldron of the Veledrome as they pursued the French title against their rivals.
A fortunate deflection from an audacious Nigel de Jong overhed kick saw AC Milan salvage a draw and frustrate European hopefuls Sampdoria at the San Siro on Sunday night.	Former Samuel Eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg Philippe Mexes and find Roberto Soriano to open the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box.	Milan were back level on 74 minutes when Nigel de Jong's spectacular effort which was headed straight for keeper Emiliano Viviano but found the back of the net off Alfred Duncan's leg.	Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick that levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night.	The Dutch midfielder attempted the audacious shot following a poor corner clearance at the San Siro.	De Jong celebrates with Luca Antonelli after his strike took a massive deflection off Alfred Duncan's leg.	AC Milan: D. Lopez ; Abate (De Sciglio 71'), Paletta, Mexes, Antonelli ; Van Ginkel, De Jong, Bonaventura ; Cerci (Suso 62'), Destro (Pazzini (77'), Menez.	Subs not used: Rami, Poli, Zapata, Bocchetti, Bonera, Abbiati, Alex, Mastalli, Donnarumma.	Goal: De Jong.	Sampdoria: Viviano ; De Silvestri (Wszolek 88'), Silvestre, Romagnoli, Mesbah ; Palombo, Obiang ; Eder, Soriano (Duncan (66'), Eto'o ; Okaka (Muriel 73').	Subs not used: Correa, Bergessio, Munoz, Rizzo, Coda, Djordjevic, Acquah, Marchionni, Romero, Frison.	Goal: Soriano.	De Jong was lucky to be on the pitch after a late and dangerous sliding tackle went unpunished in the first half before he finally made it into the referee's book for leading with his elbow, an action that could have seen him sent off.	With European involvement pretty much a pipe dream now for Filippo Inzaghi's side, who sit eighth seven points behind fifth-placed Fiorentina, the best they can hope for is to ruin the hopes of their rivals.	Sampdoria could have moved ahead of Napoli in fourth into the first of the two Europa League qualification spots but are instead sixth in the Serie A behind Fiorentina on goal difference.	They are eight points shy of third-placed Roma in the last of the Champions League places.	A large section of supporters continued their protests against the club's management with banners reading'Vendesi', meaning'for sale', along with signs with names of star players who have been sold, and a #SaveACMilan message.	Fans want owner Silvio Berlusconi to sell the club amid reports of interest from investors from China and Thailand.	At least their side's improved on the field with a recent form turnaround.	Sampdoria's Roberto Soriano drives his shot from the edge of the box for the opener against AC Milan.	The i Blucerchiati players gather around Soriano as his impressive finish gives them the lead.	Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o gives a celebratory fist pump after his pass laid on the opening goal.	Here Marco van Ginkel was dangerous from distance for Milan forcing Emiliano Viviano into action inside 15 minutes and was only just off target moments later.	Destro, who left the field late in proceedings on a stretcher, headed a quality cross straight to Viviano on 30 minutes and did the same with a volley less than 10 minutes later.	Alessio Cerci also squandered a chance from just outside the box over the crossbar.	A different Sampdoria came out after the break and almost took the lead through Stefano Okaka and Eder, who was well saved by Diego Lopez at full stretch.	AC Milan's supporters hold posters reading'Vendesi' (meaning for sale) at the San Siro.	Fans are growing increasingly disillusioned with those in charge of their club.	A composed Eto'o orchestrated the deadlock breaker, taking the ample time he was gifted before threading his pass through the legs of fiery Mexes to a virtually lonesome Soriano just inside the box.	The German-born Italian then casually slotted his shot to Lopez's right.	But they could n't hold onto the lead as De Jong's tried his luck to become the unlikely hero.	And substitute Suso could have snatched the points late when his curling shot clattered into the post about fives minutes from the final whistle.
Mario Gomez has poured cold water over suggestions he could join Barcelona in the summer by insisting he is content with life at Fiorentina.	German ace Gomez has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp, however the 29-year-old insists even the lure of playing alongside the likes of Lionel Messi and Neymar could not tempt him away from the Stadio Artemio Franchi.	Gomez, who has scored four league goals so far this season, told Rai Sport:'I'm in the sights of Barcelona?	The rumours do not interest me, I want to stay in Florence.	Mario Gomez (right) has committed his future to Fiorentina by insisting he is keen to stay at the Viola.	Gomez, pictured against Tottenham, left Bayern Munich to join Fiorentina for over # 17million in July 2013.'	I came Fiorentina to win, I have a goal that I have not yet reached.'	The striker joined Fiorentina in July 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of # 17.2 million.	Gomez played for Stuttgart and Bayern Munich before leaving his homeland to seal a move to the Viola.	Gomez insists he would reject the chance of playing alongside Neymar (centre) and Lionel Messi (right).
Gareth Bale drives an unstoppable left-footed bullet in at the far post during a routine training drill as Real Madrid train on Wednesday.	It's powerful, poised and emphatic, though far from a winner at the Nou Camp, but it's all the Welshman can do for now as he returns from international duty to a less than appreciative fan base.	Bale joined Cristiano Ronaldo and Co for their second day back at training as they prepared for their first match back after the devastating loss to Barcelona that saw them fall four points behind the La Liga leaders.	Gareth Bale chests down a cross from the right before unleashing a bullet in Real Madrid training.	Perfectly balanced, Bale cocks his powerful left leg to hit his shot on the half-volley.	Having hit the ball sweetly it rockets into the net at the far post giving the keeper no chance.	The under fire winger returns to Madrid on the back of a vital double for Wales against Israel as they claimed top spot in Euro 2016 qualifying's group B. Showing no signs of the drama he's been subject to in Spain, including an attack on his white Bentley by a so-called fan, Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country.	His first came from a curling free-kick over the wall before his second, a strong finish after arriving late into the area, marked his 20th for the season in all competitions.	Bale evades Nacho Fernandez during training session at Valdebebas training ground on Wednesday.	Cristiano Ronaldo works up a sweat at training (left) left as Marcelo brings the ball down on his chest.	Playmaker Luka Modric (left) keeps control as defensive midfielder Asier Illarramendi watches closely.	Back from duty with Germany, Toni Kroos (right) comes up against Spaniard Illarramendi.	Bale holds off Fernandez in a star-studded pack of players at Carlo Ancelotti's disposal.	Goals aside, Bale was a menace throughout the match, constantly asking questions against the side that until this match led Wales and Belgium in the group.	Carlo Ancelotti and his state employed small-sided games and shooting drills to bring Real back to business as usual on Wednesday as they prepare to take on 19th-placed Granada on Sunday in an early 11am kick-off.	Real have won just one of their last five games in all competitions - and was a 2-0 home victory against Levante in which Bale, the player Real fans have seemingly fallen out of love with, scored both goals.	James Rodriguez (left), who is continuing his recovery from injury, and Marcelo find cause for a fist pump.	Rodriguez puts pressure on young prospect Martin Odegaard (right) ahead of their clash with Granada.	Speaking on Spanish TV, Alvaro Arbeloa spoke out in defence of Bale saying the fans' treatment of the 25-year-old is inexpicable.	'They have it out for him.	He's done a great job since he arrived at the club and I do n't understand this witch hunt against him',' he said on Neox TV's El Chiringuito.	The defender had similar words for Ronaldo, who has also faced hash criticism of late.	'They've been very unfair with him.	Nobody can doubt his professionalism.	He has every right to think they've been unfair to him.	You can not be as good as Cristiano unless you are very demanding with yourself, or the first player in training, or you look after yourself at home.'
Atletico Madrid striker Fernando Torres believes coach Diego Simeone's clear understanding of the team's weaknesses has been the key to their success as they seek revenge against Real Madrid on Tuesday for last season's Champions League final defeat.	With the determined Argentine at the helm, Atletico have belied their economic inferiority to become one of the most dangerous sides in Europe and now the La Liga champions take on Real aiming once again for a place in the semi-finals of the continent's elite competition.	In the past Atletico were accustomed to being swept aside by the footballing aristocrats, who claimed their 10th European crown against them in Lisbon, but now they are more than capable of trading blows.	Fernando Torres (centre) scored his first ever league own goal during the 2-2 draw with Malaga on Saturday.	Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone (centre).	In fact since that final, when Atletico were agonisingly close to a victory before a Sergio Ramos header forced extra-time and then Real ran away with the match, Simeone's side has had the upper hand in the Madrid clashes.	Atletico beat Real to win the season's Super Cup curtain-raiser, knocked them out of the King's Cup and defeated them in both La Liga clashes.	The manner of their 4-0 demolition of Real in February's league meeting even led to questions about the future of coach Carlo Ancelotti.	'It is his character as a player and his character as a coach that drives the team,' Torres told UEFA.com of Simeone.	Antoine Griezmann scored twice to help Diego Simeone's side scrape to a 2-2 draw on Saturday.	Mario Mandzukic (left) celebrates with Torres after scoring in the 4-0 win over Real Madrid in February.	Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates his strike with team-mates during the 3-0 win over Eibar.	August 19 - Real 1-1 Atletico.	Supercopa, First Leg.	August 22 - Atletico 1-0 Real.	Supercopa, Second Leg.	September 13 - Real 1-2 Atletico.	La Liga.	January 7 - Atletico 2-0 Real.	Copa del Rey Last 16, First Leg.	January 15 - Real 2-2 Atletico.	Copa del Rey Last 16, Second Leg.	February 7 - Atletico 4-0 Real.	La Liga.	'He knows we are a team that needs to know what we are about, our weaknesses and our strengths, but above all our weaknesses so we can then implement our qualities.	'We do n't have the options that Real Madrid, Barcelona, Bayern (Munich) or Chelsea have, we can not drop points and make up for them later.	We are a team that plays at our limit.'	The pressure is very much on Ancelotti going into the game with Real having surrendered their La Liga lead and dropping two points behind Barcelona.	Even so there are positive signs with the team finding its form in recent weeks following the return of Luka Modric and James Rodriguez from injury.	Cristiano Ronaldo is also firing on all cylinders with eight goals from four games.'	(Ronaldo) is able to take advantage because we are now playing with more speed and this gives him space in front of goal,' Ancelotti told a news conference.	'This intensity will be one of the important factors against Atletico.'	Gareth Bale celebrates after scoring Real's second goal in extra time during the Lisbon final last May.
Lazio replaced their fierce city rivals Roma as the leading challengers in the battle to chase down Serie A leaders Juventus by hammering Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico.	The Biancocelesti took a fourth-minute lead through captain Stefano Mauri with Miroslav Klose adding a second just after the half-hour mark.	Antonio Candreva and Felipe Anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for the Coppa Italia finalists, who now lead Roma by a single point.	Miroslav Klose celebrates as he grabs Lazio's second goal of the game in the win against Empoli.	Lazio midfielder Stefano Mauri celebrates with teammate Antonio Candreva after scoring.	The Giallorossi are now 13 points behind Juve after struggling to draw 1-1 at Torino on Sunday.	Rudi Garcia's men needed an Alessandro Florenzi penalty to take the lead on 57 minutes, but Maxi Lopez promptly equalised to send Roma towards their ninth draw from 13 games.	Napoli's Belgium forward Dries Mertens celebrates after scoring during their win against Fiorentina.	Napoli shrugged off the disappointment of a disallowed ghost goal to push on and beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place.	The Azzurri returned to the race for a Champions League place when Dries Mertens opened the scoring midway through the first half.	Gonzalo Higuain's thunderous drive appeared to cross the line before the break, only for the officials to rule otherwise, meaning Marek Hamsik and Jose Callejon had to make the points safe.	Slovakian midfielder Marek Hamsik celebrates his goal as Napoli thumped Fiorentina at home.	Palermo's long wait for a second away win came to an end with a 3-1 win at Udinese.	Achraaf Lazaar put the visitors on their way in the 15th minute before Luca Rigoni doubled Palermo's lead six minutes later and Ivaylo Chochev made it 3-0 in the 66th minute.	Udinese did not take a shot on goal until nine minutes from time when Antonio Di Natale beat Palermo goalkeeper Stefano Sorrentino.	Palermo's Luca Rigoni celebrates an important goal as they record just their second away win of the season.	Sergio Pellissier struck late on to boost Chievo 13 points clear of the relegation zone with a 1-0 victory at Cesena, while Atalanta opened a seven-point gap on the drop zone with a precious win.	Two goals from German Denis in Bergamo saw the Nerazzurri edge out Sassuolo 2-1, with Domenico Berardi notching a second-half goal for the visitors.	Atalanta ace German Denis celebrates after scoring in the win over Sassuolo in Bergamo.
The view that Manchester City's chance at defending their Premier League title has been ruined through bad spending gathered pace after they were defeated by a club whose entire team cost less than half one of their substitutes.	Crystal Palace's XI on Monday night may only have been worth a mere # 17m, but left back Martin Kelly still made it through a City defence deemed good enough to keep # 40m signing Eliaquim Mangala on the bench to tee up a chance for Wilfried Zaha just 60 seconds into the game.	Mangala joined from Porto in August last year and is contracted to City until June 2019.	Eliaquim Mangala (green bib) prepares to come on but he never made it off the Manchester City bench.	However, striker Glenn Murray succeeded in putting another dent in City's chances of redeeming themselves after a run of four losses away, when he scored Palace's first goal.	Murray cost Palace nothing when joined from arch rivals Brighton in 2011.	Jason Puncheon, signed for a comparative pittance of # 1.9 m, delivered City their final blow with a goal from a finely executed free-kick.	Glenn Murray (left) cost Palace nothing four years ago yet found a way past the City defence.	Another expensive City player, # 24m-man Yaya Toure, got his team back in the game with 12 minutes left, but they could n't penetrate Palace's defence to find an equaliser and a 2-1 defeat leaves them nine points adrift of the top.	Toure joined from Barcelona in July 2010 and is contracted to City until 2017.	After spending a total of # 500m pounds on transfer fees, City might have expected to be higher than a precarious fourth in the league, but judging by their latest results, it's teams like Crystal Palace that seem to be getting their value for money.	Mangala has endured a miserable first season at the Etihad Stadium since his # 40million move.
It's that time of the season when Premier League footballers cast their vote for the PFA Players' Player of the Year.	Last year's winner Luis Suarez now resides in Spain, so, too, does 2013 victor Gareth Bale.	It means we're almost certain to see a new name on the trophy come May.	Here, Sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders... Name: Harry Kane.	Club: Tottenham.	Age: 21.	Stats: Apps 44, Goals 29.	Striker Harry Kane has hit an astonishing 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season.	Kane (second right) has twice been named Player of the Month during his breakthrough campaign.	Kane (left) broke into the England squad and scored 79 seconds into his debut against Lithuania.	Reasons he deserves it: Very few would have predicted Kane would plunder an incredible 29 goals by early April in what is essentially his breakthrough season.	His has been the name on everyone's lips since the turn of the year and last month's England call-up was thoroughly deserved.	In an age where diving, spitting, lying and cheating too often dominate our news agenda, Kane's goal-laden arrival has been a joy to witness.	Reasons he does n't: Are there any?	You could argue it took him until November to score two Premier League goals but that was as much to do with a lack of opportunities.	Previous (individual) Premier League honours: Player of the Month (2).	Name: Eden Hazard.	Club: Chelsea.	Age: 24.	Stats: Apps 44, Goals 17.	Eden Hazard has been Chelsea's outstanding performer, scoring 17 times in 44 games.	Hazard (left) has been a menace to opponents all season with his trickery and high workrate.	Hazard (centre) is the odds-on favourite to be named PFA Players' Player of the Year.	Reasons he deserves it: He's running back into form at just the right time and his goals look like they'll edge Chelsea towards the title.	Hazard, under the instruction of Jose Mourinho, has married graft to his craft and has been his side's outstanding player this season.	The fact he works so hard in addition to his creativity is sure to earn the respect of fellow pros and it's no surprise he is the odds-on favourite for the prize.	Reasons he does n't: Like Kane, it is hard to make an argument against a player who has performed at such a high level on a consistent basis.	It did, however, take the Belgian a little while to find his scoring stride and he netted just once in the opening nine matches of the campaign.	Previous honours: PFA Young Player of the Year 2014, PFA Team of the Year 2013 & 2014.	Name: Diego Costa.	Club: Chelsea.	Age: 26.	Stats: Apps 30, Goals 18.	Reasons he deserves it: His immediate impact was sensational, smashing seven goals in his first four outings.	His presence as the spearhead of Chelsea's attack has turned them into title winners and he is n't afraid to put in a shift either.	Diego Costa has spearheaded Chelsea's attack this season, with 18 goals in 30 appearances.	Costa (right) fires in the winner for Chelsea in their 2-1 victory over Liverpool at Anfield.	Costa's bid to become Player of the Year could be hampered by the games he has missed through injury.	Reasons he does n't: He's missed too many games because of injury, as well as suspension, and is too often on our back pages for the wrong reasons.	It is that edge which will probably dissuade fellow pros from voting for the Spaniard.	Previous honours: Player of the Month (1).	Name: Sergio Aguero.	Club: Manchester City.	Age: 26.	Stats: Apps 31, Goals 23.	Reasons he deserves it: Without his goals City's title challenge would have faded long ago.	It has been a poor season at the Etihad.	Aguero, though, has managed to mask those shortcomings with his brilliance.	His four goals against Spurs and match-winning treble versus Bayern Munich are among the best individual performances of the season.	Meanwhile, he was so devastating during his two-goal show at Sunderland that the home crowd rose to applaud the Argentine when he made way late on.	Sergio Aguero has again been in prolific scoring form for Manchester City, blasting 23 goals in 31 matches.	Aguero (right) has struggled with fitness and has only managed to score three times in the league in 2015.	Reasons he does n't: If Aguero managed to avoid what are all-too-frequent visits to the treatment room then City might be pushing Chelsea harder for the league title.	He only has three league goals in 2015 and, while his numbers remain impressive, that lack of consistency will cost him votes.	Previous honours: Player of the Month (2).	Name: David de Gea.	Club: Manchester United.	Age: 24.	Stats: Apps 37, Clean sheets 13.	David de Gea (left) has been outstanding for Manchester United with 13 clean sheets this season.	De Gea shone for United in the early part of the Premier League campaign when United struggled for form.	De Gea's displays have been integral to United's top-four charge and he has been their best player.	Reasons he deserves it: Only De Gea was spared criticism as United struggled to find their rhythm during the early part of the season.	Indeed, there was an argument that, without his points-saving heroics, Louis van Gaal might have come under pressure far sooner.	He has matured into the goalkeeper Sir Alex Ferguson thought he would and it is little wonder he is now being courted by the likes of Real Madrid.	Reasons he does n't: Only the goalkeeper in a title-winning side would land the PFA prize, you feel.	For while De Gea has been United's best player, he has not single-handedly done enough to turn them into challengers for the Premier League crown.	Previous honours: PFA Team of the Year 2013.	Name: Alexis Sanchez.	Club: Arsenal.	Age: 26.	Stats: Apps 43, Goals 20.	Alexis Sanchez hit the ground running at Arsenal following his Barcelona switch, with 20 goals in 43 games.	Sanchez hit 14 goals in 18 appearances during his most relentless scoring period this season.	Chile international Sanchez has added greater aggression to Arsenal's attacking line with his arrival.	Reasons he deserves it: There was a suspicion it would take the Chilean time to settle in the Premier League.	Well, he did n't score in his first four matches but then embarked on a run which yielded 14 in 18.	His energy, aggression and will to win -- coupled with bags of quality -- has made all to the difference to an Arsenal side previously lacking in such vigour.	Reasons he does n't: His goals have dried up since January and his awesome autumn could well be forgotten by the time votes are cast.	However, he is still a certainty for Arsenal's individual annual honours.	Previous honours: Player of the Month (1).	Name: Jordan Henderson.	Club: Liverpool.	Age: 24.	Stats: Apps 45, Goals 7.	Reasons he deserves it: He has emerged as Liverpool's future captain having taken on responsibility in the centre of the park.	Henderson barely misses a minute and is now a certain starter for his country -- not bad for a player who Sir Alex Ferguson said could not run properly.	He's also added goals to his game and is a real pro's pro -- it would be no surprise to see him land his fair share of the votes.	Jordan Henderson (centre) has continued his development into an essential player for Liverpool this season.	Henderson emerged as Liverpool's future captain with Steven Gerrard (right) leaving at the end of the season.	Henderson has added more goals to his game and has been ever present throughout Liverpool's campaign.	Reasons he does n't: It has n't been a vintage year for Liverpool and their bid for Champions League football looks set to end in failure.	As good as Henderson has been, this will almost certainly cost him the top prize.	Previous honours: None.	VERDICT: If the bookies are to be believed then the award will be going to last season's Young Player of the Year, Eden Hazard.	However, do n't underestimate the amount of goodwill there is towards Harry Kane within the game and he could well clean up with both the young and senior prizes.	And that Roy of the Rovers tale would be a victory for everything we love about the game.	Kane certainly gets my vote!
Bayern Munich's treble ambitions are put to the test on Wednesday in the German Cup quarter-final when their injury-hit side travel to in-form Bayer Leverkusen.	The Bavarians, runaway leaders in the Bundesliga and through to the Champions League last eight where they face Porto later this month, are eager to repeat their 2013 treble-winning campaign as the season enters its final stretch.	A 1-0 league victory at Borussia Dortmund on Saturday despite a string of absences was crucial to boost their confidence ahead of the Cup game, goalkeeper Manuel Neuer said.	Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer celebrates after the 1-0 win against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.	Neuer made a spectacular in injury time from a Marco Reus free kick to ensure the three points.	'The 1-0 victory was a very good sign for us,' Neuer, who made a spectacular save in stoppage time to protect their slim lead, said.	'We have to try to carry this momentum to our game at Leverkusen.'	Bayern were without wingers Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben as well as David Alaba, who tore a knee ligament and will be out for about two months.	They were also missing defender Holger Badstuber, forcing coach Pep Guardiola to overhaul his team and play a new-look midfield with captain Philipp Lahm, Xabi Alonso and Bastian Schweinsteiger.'	I would have liked to have played differently but I have to adapt the system to my players,' said Guardiola.	Neuer advances from his line to beat Reus to the ball during the clash at Signal Iduna Park.	Manager Pep Guardiola is having to content with a number of injuries ahead of the German Cup quarter-final.	Guardiola, in his second season in charge after winning the domestic double last year, will have the chance to slightly alter his system again with midfielder Thiago Alcantara making a comeback on Saturday after more than a year out injured.	The addition of the skilled Spain international is undoubtedly a major asset ahead of Leverkusen, who crushed Hamburg SV 4-0 in their league game on Saturday.	Ribery could also be back in time for Wednesday's game, providing Guardiola with more punching power.	Leverkusen, eager to remain in the top four to secure yet another Champions League campaign next season, have won their last five Bundesliga games without conceding a goal as they hit top form.	Former Barcelona midfielder Thiago Alcantara made his first appearance for a year against Dortmund.	'We want to advance but we know it will be hard,' Leverkusen's Gonzalo Castro said.	'We know what we can do and we can play with confidence.	Our counter attacks are extremely fast and good.	After our 4-0 win and five straight victories our confidence is very high.'	In another all-Bundesliga clash Borussia Dortmund, finalists last season, take on Hoffenheim on Tuesday eager to edge closer to the final and a possible European spot after a dismal league showing this season.	VfL Wolfsburg face Freiburg and Borussia Moenchengladbach take on third-tier Arminia Bielefeld in the other two quarter-finals.
Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has sought to play down Neymar's petulant reaction when the Brazil forward was substituted in Saturday's 2-2 La Liga draw at Sevilla.	Neymar, who scored a superb free kick to make it 2-0 to Barca after Lionel Messi's opener, was clearly furious at being replaced by Xavi with around 20 minutes left and Spanish media speculated he might be dropped for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final, first leg at Paris St Germain.	Luis Enrique declined to reveal who would start the match at the Parc des Princes but did make it clear that he was the one in charge and urged all his players to respect that.	Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's angry reaction to be substituted against Sevilla.	Neymar (left) speaks with Brazilian team-mates Adriano (centre) and Rafinha during a training session.	Barcelona face Chelsea' conquerors Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday in the Champions League.'	I have n't seen the footage,' Luis Enrique told reporters after he was asked about television images showing Neymar complaining to his team mates on the bench.	'As a coach I understand that all the players want to be on the pitch,' he added.	'And the players must understand that I am the coach and I have to make decisions.	Beyond that you can speculate and draw the conclusions you want.'	Asked again about Neymar's behaviour later in the news conference, Luis Enrique drew laughter by taking the chance to wish his mother a happy birthday.	Luis Suarez (centre) and Gerard Pique joke around during the session at the Parcs des Princes Stadium.	Messi (centre) takes part in a drill and the forward will need to be in top form to beat the French champions.	Barca and PSG have already met twice in the Champions League group stage this term, with the Ligue 1 side winning 3-2 in Paris and Barca's 3-1 success at the Nou Camp helping them finish as pool winners.	Barca are in the last eight of Europe's elite club competition for a record eighth season in a row, while PSG are seeking a last-four place for the second time, having lost to AC Milan in 1994-95 after beating Barca in the quarter-finals.	PSG's hopes of making the semi-finals have been hit by suspensions and injury, with Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Italy midfielder Marco Verratti banned and midfielder Thiago Motta out with a thigh injury.	The three-time Ballon d'Or winner looks on as his Barcelona team-mates take part in a heading drill.	Brazil centre back David Luiz has been sidelined with a hamstring problem, but has been included in the squad for Wednesday's match.	'Obviously they have some players missing, we can not hide that, but if we remember the group game when Ibrahimovic was n't playing they beat us,' Luis Enrique said.	'Then when Ibrahimovic was playing in Barcelona we were able to beat them.	'They are important players for them without doubt but they have a strong squad and for sure they will cause us problems.'	The return leg is in Barcelona on April 21.	Neymar (centre) controls the ball during a training session at the Parc des Princes stadium.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic has apologised to the startled ball boy caught in the crossfire of a tirade at his support team during his win over Andy Murray in Sunday's Miami Open final.	Djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set as Murray came back to take the match to a decider but has since expressed his regret at the incident in a video posted on Facebook.	During the rant, Djokovic snatched a towel from the shocked youngster before umpire Damien Dumusois gave him a code violation for the outburst, saying it'did n't look good' as he sat down between the change of ends.	Novak Djokovic issued an apology via Facebook to a ball boy he frightened during the Miami Open.	Djokovic shouted at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the final to Andy Murray.	The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy (right) who seemed startled by the loud confrontation.	He said:'It's probably been the best start to a season aside from 2011 that I had in my career, and I ca n't be more grateful for all the support I'm getting from you guys and I'm enjoying my time playing and competing and hopefully I brought a smile to your faces.	'Also I want to reflect on a bad moment that happened in the final against Andy when I lost the second set.	I yelled to my camp and my box in frustration.'	I saw the replay.	Unfortunately a ball boy was in the middle of it and I really, really feel sorry and regret that he was there.	There was absolutely no intention whatsoever to hurt him or scare him in any kind of way.	I sincerely hope he forgives me.	I really apologise.'	Djokovic then extended his apology to the boy's parents.'	I do care about children a lot right now and I look at it in a much different way,' he added.	'So I want to apologise to his parents for this situation as well.	As a father I would n't wish that something like this happens to my son.	The youngster was standing between Djokovic and his backroom team during the heated exchange.	'Again I sincerely hope you can forgive me and that we can move on.	Unfortunately sometimes the emotions get the better of you.	'Also times as a professional athlete you learn how to control them and how to stay composed and mentally strong.	But on a hot day like this when Andy was playing well and pushing all my buttons it was n't easy.'	Djokovic was feeling the pressure after Murray fought back from a first set tie-break loss to win the second set in the blazing heat of Key Biscayne, Florida.	But the outburst seemed to take Djokovic to another level as he rolled Murray 6-0 in the third to claim his fifth Miami Open title.	Djokovic raises his arms after claiming victory over Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday.	Djokovic hams it up with the Butch Buchholz trophy on the beach at Key Biscayne after his win in Florida.	Djokovic kisses the tophy for the title he's now won five times after beating Murray, who is now world No 3.	Djokovic relaxes on a pebble beach with his dogs Pierre and Tesla following his win in Miami.
It was the high point of their young careers.	As silver confetti rained down, the Chelsea players took their turn to lift the UEFA Youth League trophy towards the cloudless Swiss sky.	Each was cheered to the echo by their team-mates and the crowd.	Their 3-2 victory over Shakhtar Donetsk in Nyon meant another piece of silverware for the ever-expanding cabinet at Chelsea's academy.	It will be seen there as affirmation of the superiority of the Stamford Bridge production line.	They are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions and the holders of the FA Youth Cup, which they will put on the line against Manchester City next week in their fifth final in six seasons.	Two goal hero Izzy Brown holds aloft the trophy as Chelsea win the UEFA Youth Team League.	Goal scorers Dominic Solanke (left) and Brown pose with their medals in their mouths after sealing victory.	Chelsea's Under 19 squad celebrate their European victory after an impressive campaign.	The Blues defeated teams of the calibre of Atletico Madrid and Roma to reach the final.	And now, at Under 19 standard, they are officially the best team in Europe after their free-scoring attack found the net 36 times in 10 matches en route to victory.	But here comes the real test of Chelsea's academy.	How many of these talented tyros will graduate to Jose Mourinho's first-team in the next year or two?	Will Dominic Solanke, the England Under 18 striker whose goal in the final took his season's Youth League tally to a tournament-best 12, be challenging Diego Costa for a place in the coming seasons?	Will Izzy Brown, given a tantalising taste of first-team involvement when named on the bench for Sunday's match at QPR before flying back to captain the team and score twice here, be absorbed into Mourinho's forward line?	Brown, who was snatched away from West Brom's youtyh system, fired home to give Chelsea the lead.	Brown races off to celebrate his opening strike closely followed by his Chelsea team-mates.	Solanke, Brown and the elegant central midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek have all been involved in the first-team squad, grabbing minutes here and there, but we all wait and wonder whether they will become regulars.	Coach Adi Viveash struck an optimistic tone:'Do I feel they're getting closer?	Yes.	Do I feel players from this group will come through?	Yes.	I'm confident of that.	'You ca n't have a team that's won as much as it has and have the different range of qualities and strengths as we have and not feel confident some will come through.	'Ruben, Dominic and Andreas (Christensen) have got minutes this season but it is all right getting minutes, they've got to get to the next stage.'	And it is in getting players to that next stage that Chelsea, so far at least, have struggled.	While many of their academy products have gained minutes here and there, you have to go back to John Terry to find a bona fide first-teamer who has come through the ranks.	Brown is mobbed on the floor as team-mates rush to congratulate him for his opener.	Shakhtar drew level when Blues defender Andreas Christensen (centre) scored an own goal in the first-half.	Take a look at the side that played in the 2010 FA Youth Cup triumph over Aston Villa.	Centre back Jeffrey Bruma made nine senior appearances for Chelsea before spending time on loan at Leicester City and Hamburg.	He was sold to PSV in 2013.	Josh McEachran, the midfielder tipped as England's next great hope, is currently at Vitesse in Holland, his fifth loan spell in three years.	Now 22, his chance at Chelsea has long passed.	Nathaniel Chalobah scored in Chelsea's 2012 FA Youth Cup final win over Blackburn.	Now 20, he is at Burnley, his fifth loan spell in the last three seasons.	Leading scorer Solanke put Chelsea back in the lead shortly after the interval with a close range header.	Chelsea striker Solanke wheels away after netting in the Blues' 3-2 victory over Shakhtar Donetsk.	Solanke celebrates his goal with the impressive Jeremie Boga who provided the assist.	Solanke leaps for joy after handing Chelsea the lead while becoming the tournament's top scorer.	Brown completed his brace with a drilled shot from outside the area in the second half.	Chelsea's rising star goes to celebrate with team-mate Charly Musonda after netting the eventual winner.	Chelsea youth manager Adrian Viveash rallies his troops from the touchline.	The Brazilian Lucas Piazon, also in that team, is now at Eintracht Frankfurt in Germany after loan spells at Malaga and Vitesse.	All of the above were tipped for Chelsea stardom and are still on the waiting list.	It now remains to be seen if Chelsea's latest generation of talented youngsters can buck the trend and break the mould by catching Mourinho's eye.	French attacking midfielder Boga, who set up two goals for the Blues during the match, takes a free-kick.	Chelsea youngsters, led by captain Brown, begin their celebrations by raising aloft the trophy.	Chelsea players pose with the trophy in the changing room after the victory over Shakhtar on Monday.
North vs South - it's perhaps the fiercest argument between the people of England and this week we've started a fresh debate based on football.	We have assembled two dream teams - one featuring players from the Premier League clubs in the South of England and the other featuring Northern-based stars.	On Monday, Rob Draper revealed who he'd select in the Southern XI and on Tuesday, Joe Bernstein did likewise for the North.	We then sent the All-star teams to our friends at Football Manager, who have simulated the match.	Here's what happened... So, now we know: the South has the edge over the North for footballing talent.	Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane were the heroes as the Southern All-Stars came out on top in our simulated clash between the Premier League's best players from the North and South.	Despite falling behind less than a minute into the game to a stunning finish from Sergio Aguero, who was supported up front by Wayne Rooney, the Southern XI were able to mount a fightback with a brace from Sanchez either side of Harry Kane's second-half goal.	SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH A VIDEO OF THE SIMULATED MATCH.	Alexis Sanchez of Arsenal (left) starred in our simulated All-Star game, while Spurs striker Harry Kane (right) also scored in the match.	Manchester City hotshot Sergio Aguero gave the Northern combined XI the lead after less than a minute, but his team were still beaten.	The Southern All-Stars boasted Harry Kane up front while the Northern side was led by Sergio Aguero and Wayne Rooney.	The Southerners saw less of the ball and created fewer chances but were more clinical in front of goal than the Northern All-Stars, who twice hit the woodwork.	After Aguero's early strike, the South battled back and went close through Morgan Schneiderlin and John Terry.	Their pressure was rewarded when Sanchez linked up with Kane and buried his shot from inside the area.	Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half with a well-taken finish following some lovely build-up play by Eden Hazard, Santi Cazorla and Schneiderlin.	Sanchez then rounded off the victory with a clinical, powerful effort 20 minutes from time.	The Northern team were made to rue missed opportunities after creating three clear-cut chances to the South's two but did n't convert them.	Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez is the stand-out in Football Manager's player ratings with 6.1 while Martin Skrtel was least effective for the North.	The Northerners enjoyed marginally more possession than their rivals and won 13 corners but failed to kick on after Aguero's opener.	The Southerners' manager Rob Draper will be delighted by his team's smooth transitions from defence to attack, and their elaborate passing play in the middle of the park.	It could well have been a different story, however, had Joe Bernstein's Northern side been able to convert their chances.	Martin Skrtel will be unhappy with his performance in the centre of defence too.	The men in red looked threatening on the flanks, particularly through Raheem Sterling, but far too often they failed to capitalise on his excellent service.	Aguero conspired to miss from six yards out when unmarked in injury-time to sum up their profligacy.	That meant a comfortable margin of victory by two goals for the Southern All-Stars and bragging rights over their Northern neighbours.	But, somehow, we suspect the old debate over which half of England reigns supreme will continue.	MATCH HIGHLIGHTS (SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH A VIDEO OF THE SIMULATION).	1st minute: GOAL!!!	The pre-match hype is immediately justified as Sergio Aguero picks up a short pass from James McCarthy, dribbles past Jose Fonte and curls the ball past Thibaut Courtois to make it 1-0 to the Northern All-Stars.	Aguero (centre, in red) slots home the opening goal in the very first minute of the All-Stars clash.	8th minute: A Santi Cazorla corner finds the head of John Terry but his effort is fractionally too high.	Santi Cazorla's pinpoint corner finds captain John Terry at the near post but the Chelsea legend's header clears the crossbar.	10th minute: Raheem Sterling forces Courtois into a decent save with a powerful effort from the edge of the area.	20th minute: A well-worked move by the Southern All-Stars culminates in a Morgan Schneiderlin volley from 25 yards that whistles over Joe Hart's crossbar.	21st minute: A Cazorla free-kick is deflected out for a corner.	The delivery from the Spaniard is poor and the Northern All-Stars break with Sterling.	After beating two defenders, he elects to try and curl one in from the 18-yard mark but his effort drifts wide of the goal.	29th minute: GOAL!!!	A misplaced pass from Aguero gives away possession when the Northern All-Stars look threatening.	The Southern All-Stars take full advantage with a direct move down the right flank.	The ball finds its way to Kane, who plays a pinpoint pass to Sanchez to calmly slot the ball into the bottom corner and level the match.	Sanchez (top, in blue) slots past Joe Hart in the Northern XI's goal to score the equaliser.	36th minute: Some clever interplay between Rooney and Aguero opens up the Southern All-Star defence.	39th minute: More good play from Aguero and Rooney creates a half-chance for the Northern All-Stars but the Argentina striker drags his shot wide.	Southampton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin attempts an ambitious volley from 25 yards but it meets the same fate as Terry's header.	HALF-TIME: Southern All-Stars 1-1 Northern All-Stars.	Substitution: Michael Carrick is replaced by Yaya Toure.	46th minute: The Northern All-Stars very nearly take the lead straight from kick-off after more good work on the right from Sterling.	He slips the ball into Rooney, whose shot is turned onto the post by Courtois.	57th minute: Substitution: David Silva makes way for Ashley Young.	60th minute: Substitution: Phil Jones replaces Ryan Shawcross after the Stoke man takes a knock from a robust Alexis Sanchez challenge.	The Northern All-Stars have used all their substitutions.	66th minute: Double Substitution: Nathaniel Clyne and Nemanja Matic are subbed off for Branislav Ivanovic and Fabian Delph.	Following the substitutions, the Northern All-Stars push forward with Toure giving the team more purpose in the middle of the park.	Toure's raking through ball is met by Sterling who thinks he has made it 2-1 only for the linesman to raise his flag.	68th minute: GOAL!!!	Courtois sends the resulting free-kick long and the Southern All-Stars work the ball to Schneiderlin on the edge of the area.	His through ball to Kane is weighted to perfection and the striker races onto it before slotting home to put his team in front.	Kane (second right, in blue) raises his arm in celebration after putting the Southern All-Stars in front for the first time.	72nd minute: GOAL!!!	The Southern All-Stars wrap up the match with Sanchez's second goal.	More intricate build-up play in the midfield allows Sanchez to lose his man, take a touch and hit a powerful effort that beats Hart.	Sanchez (bottom right, in blue) notches his second goal of the game to settle the contest at Wembley.	81st minute: From a throw-in on the left, Young feeds Aguero, who has acres of space ahead of him and men arriving in the box.	He chooses to go it alone but Courtois makes a comfortable save down to his right.	Aguero storms into the box and ignores support on his inside to take a shot from a tight angle, but it's easily saved by Thibaut Courtois.	83rd minute: A corner from the Northern All-Stars is only half cleared to Young but his shot is blasted into the side netting.	88th minute: The Northern All-Stars work an opening from a free-kick but Rooney's effort is poor and straight at Courtois.	90 +2: The simplest chance of the match falls to Aguero in injury-time after a superb low cross from Sterling.	The Manchester City star is unmarked six yards out but can only hit the post.	Rooney collects the ball and gets another shot away but Courtois palms it out for a corner.	Aguero blows his chance to make the scoreline a little more respectable late on when he hits the upright after low cross from Sterling.	90 +3: The resulting corner amounts to nothing and the referee blows the final whistle.	FULL TIME: Southern All-Stars 3-1 Northern All-Stars.
Bayern Munich were in high spirits after they restored their lead at the top of the Bundesliga back to 10 points.	Pep Guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out Rondo passing drills in training.	Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on and ending up falling over, as the ball approached him at pace.	VIDEO: Watch Xabi Alonso fall over during'Rondo' training drill.	Xabi Alonso fails to control a pass during the Rondo drill and loses his balance.	The Bayern Munich midfielder takes a tumble and the ball flies off in the opposite direction.	The former Liverpool midfielder has his hands on his heads on the ground after the incident.	Alonso is flat on his back as his team-mates watch on and see the funny side to his fall.	The one touch football routine has become a fundamental part of life under Guardiola and the players have clearly warmed to his methods.	Robert Lewandowski returned to haunt at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday as Bayern beat Borussia Dortmund.	Bayern suffered a shock 2-0 home defeat by Borussia Monchengladbach before the international break but responded to get their title charge back on track against their former championship rivals.
Tim Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again on Tuesday night as Aston Villa clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw against fellow relegation battlers QPR.	The Aston Villa boss could not stay still for a moment on the Villa Park touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point as striker Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go.	Sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival.	From launching his jacket to the floor in celebration to bawling at the linesman, Sportsmail brings you all the best images of Sherwood's rollercoaster evening in the Villa dugout.	Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood gives a steely stare to the camera, focused on the job ahead prior to the match with QPR.	Sherwood gives QPR boss - and friend - Chris Ramsey a hug ahead of the crucial clash between the two relegation strugglers at Villa Park.	Despite being rivals and both desperate for three points, Sherwood shows a big grin as Ramsey fully embraces the Villa boss ahead of kick-off.	Sherwood also gave a hug to Aston Villa mascot Hercules the Lion - although did n't seem as willing on this occassion as he sat on the bench.	The former Tottenham boss grimaces as the Villa mascot - wearing the famous Tim Sherwood gilet - embraces the Villa Park manager.	Sherwood removes his jacket as Christian Benteke and the rest of the Aston Villa team celebrate equalising against QPR to make the score 1-1.	Sherwood launches his jacket to the ground in celebration after Aston Villa pulled level on 10 minutes to cancel out Matty Phillips' opener.	Sherwood clenches his fists and roars with delight after Benteke's second goal of the evening gave Villa a 2-1 lead against the Hoops.	So close for Villa as Sherwood crouches down on the touchline following a missed chance by the home side on Tuesday night.	Sherwood lets out his frustrations and protests to the linesman after a decision goes against Aston Villa during Tuesday's pulsating clash.	The former Blackburn and Tottenham midfielder shows he's still light on his feet by attempting to avoid the ball as it zips past the touchline.	Sherwood throws the ball back into play, eager to get things going again as Villa searched for points to edge away from the relegation zone.	Despair for Sherwood, delight for the QPR bench as they celebrate after Charlie Austin puts the Hoops 3-2 up with just 12 minutes to go.	Sherwood reacts with a jump as Aston Villa look for a late winner after Benteke's hat-trick had pulled the Midlands club level.	Sherwood shows his angst with just minutes to go as the home side rallied but failed to find the winner which would ease their relegation fears.	The Aston Villa manager looks to the sky as the point keeps the club right in the thick of this season's Premier League relegation battle.	Sherwood will be saying his prayers right up until Aston Villa have achieved Premier League safety - they are three points above the drop.
Jenson Button believes McLaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.	After starting the new Formula One season in Australia with a severe lack of pace, McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia.	Although both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit, the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners.	Jenson Button looks on in the garage during final practice for last month's Malaysian Grand Prix.	That came as a pleasant surprise to Button, who is now hoping further steps have been taken going into this weekend's race in Shanghai.	'Obviously we want to finish a race, but seeing improvement in pace was much more important,' said Button.	'Yes, we both had failures, but I'd rather that with us pushing and trying to get more power out of the car than trotting around at the back and simply getting to the end.	'To be able to race other cars, and see the Red Bulls until a long way into the race, was good.	'We would probably have been 20 seconds behind them.	I know they're not quick, but that is a good step forward for us.	Button returns to the McLaren garage after retiring during the race at the Sepang circuit.	'Right now we're comparing ourselves with the Force Indias, Saubers and Lotuses.	'We were quicker than Force India ; the Sauber was on the same sort of pace, and the Lotus was n't that much quicker.	'Fighting with the pack is important for me.	It's what I enjoy and hopefully race by race we'll start picking them off.'	Despite the positives, Button acknowledges the entire team, including Honda,'still has a long way to go'.	British driver Button in action before he retired from the Malaysian Grand Prix.	Button added:'We need and want more downforce to fight with the guys around us, and we still have a lot to do with the power unit, but our basic car is good.	'If you look at our high-speed pace, compared to the Force India and Sauber, then we are much stronger.	'So we're moving in the right direction, and I'm already surprised we are racing cars.	It's great to see.'	Part of the reasoning behind McLaren's improvement in Malaysia, in comparison to Australia, was the high temperatures which suited the car.	McLaren driver Fernando Alonso (left) drives ahead of team-mate Button in Kuala Lumpur.	Button appreciates the cooler air in Shanghai could have an effect.	The 35-year-old said:'There is a feeling the expected cooler weather will make it harder to generate tyre temperature.	'That could mean any progress we make does n't necessarily translate to a lap-time benefit.	'But there is definitely progress being made, and it's great to be able to play a role in helping move the whole team forwards.	'It'll be fascinating to see how much change we can effect over the forthcoming races.'
As well as moving Aston Villa up one place in the Premier League table on Tuesday night, Christian Benteke's hat-trick against QPR was also a triumph for the top-flight's Belgian contingent.	The 24-year-old's treble accounted for the 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by players from Belgium this season, making them the third most prolific nation in the division.	Benteke's goals - which arrived in a memorable 3-3 draw at Villa Park - moved Belgium above France (46 goals) and within 19 of second-placed Spain (67 goals).	Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke celebrates after scoring his third goal against QPR on Tuesday.	Benteke's hat-trick earned Villa a point and moved Belgium into third place for Premier League goals this term.	Eden Hazard has helped Belgium's cause with with 12 goals for Chelsea - including this penalty against Stoke.	Belgium's total has been aided by the form of Chelsea's Eden Hazard, who has struck 12 times in the Premier League to help Jose Mourinho's men to the top of the table.	Tottenham winger Nacer Chadli and Everton striker Romelu Lukaku - both of whom are international team-mates of Benteke and Hazard - have also chipped in with eight goals apiece, while Kevin Mirallas, Marouane Fellaini, Mousa Dembele and Toby Alderweireld have also been on target.	Spain have the likes of Chelsea's Diego Costa (19 goals) and Manchester City playmaker David Silva (11 goals) to thank for their tally, although they still sit miles behind runaway leaders England.	Diego Costa scores one of the 67 goals scored by players with Spanish nationality against Southampton.	Manchester City midfielder David Silva has netted 11 top-flight goals so far this season.	A total of 255 goals have been scored by 81 different English players during the current campaign, with Tottenham's latest hero Harry Kane (19) and QPR hitman Charlie Austin (17) leading the way.	Three Lions captain Wayne Rooney and Under 21 star Saido Berahino have both netted 12 goals this season, with Liverpool trio Steven Gerrard, Jordan Henderson and Raheem Sterling pitching in with six goals each.	France sit fourth on the list, boosted by 14 goals from Arsenal forward Olivier Giroud and five each from Swansea's Bafetimbi Gomis and Chelsea striker Loic Remy.	Harry Kane has contributed to England's tally of 255 goals this season with 19 strikes for Tottenham.	QPR striker Charlie Austin netted the most recent goal scored by an Englishman against Villa on Tuesday.	Olivier Giroud, pictured celebrating a goal against Liverpool, is the top-scoring Frenchman so far this season.	Argentina complete the top five on 37 goals, the vast majority of which have arrived from Manchester City's main man Sergio Aguero (17 goals).	Senegal (35 goals), Scotland (28) and Ivory Coast (22) come next on the list, with Holland (19), Brazil (18), the Republic of Ireland (18) and Chile (17) - helped by the goalscoring form of Alexis Sanchez - further down.	Players from 46 countries have found the back of the net this season, with a total of 800 goals scored so far.	England 255.	Spain 67.	Belgium 48.	France 46.	Argentina 37.	Senegal 35.	Scotland 28.	Ivory Coast 22.	Holland 19.	Brazil 18.	Republic of Ireland 18.	Chile 17.	Croatia 11.	Serbia 11.	Denmark 10.	Italy 10.	Nigeria 10.	Wales 9.	Austria 8.	Germany 8.	South Korea 7.	Iceland 5.	Montenegro 5.	Uruguay 5.	Bosnia 4.	Colombia 4.	Ecuador 4.	Cameroon 3.	Ghana 3.	Kenya 3.	Sweden 3.	Algeria 2.	Czech Republic 2.	New Zealand 2.	Egypt 2.	Norway 2.	Togo 2.	Benin 1.	Congo DR 1.	Jamaica 1.	Japan 1.	Poland 1.	Portugal 1.	Morocco 1.	Northern Ireland 1.	Slovakia 1.
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for Sunday's Manchester derby.	Van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games following an ankle injury he suffered in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21.	Manager Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return for Sunday's game against Manchester City at Old Trafford, but Van Persie reported good news for United fans on Wednesday.	Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for the Manchester derby after missing United's last six games.	Louis van Gaal will be pleased to have Van Persie back but he is unlikely to start the game.	The 31-year-old tweeted:'Back to training with the group today.	Was a great session.	Happy to be fit and able to play again.	Looking forward to my next game!'	Even if Van Gaal considers Van Persie to be fit to take part in the derby, it is hard to see how the former Arsenal front man would fit into the starting XI.	United have hardly missed the Dutchman, who has scored just 10 goals this term.	During his absence, the Red Devils have only lost once - against his former employers Arsenal in the FA Cup.	United have recorded creditable victories over Tottenham and Liverpool and last Saturday they moved above City into third with a 3-1 win over Aston Villa.	Wayne Rooney scored a stunning volley during the win.	The United skipper has performed well up front in a 4-3-3 formation alongside Ashley Young and Juan Mata, who scored both goals in the 2-1 win at Anfield two-and-a-half weeks ago.	Marouane Fellaini has also provided able and robust support from midfield.	Wayne Rooney celebrates with Radamel Falcao after scoring against Aston Villa at the weekend.	Victory for United this weekend would pile more misery on out-of-form City and improve Van Gaal's chances of achieving his target of Champions League qualification.	Once he returns from his summer break, he is likely to take United on a shortened pre-season tour, with the most likely destination the United States, it has emerged.	Van Gaal made no secret of his annoyance at United's pre-season schedule last summer.	United had already committed themselves to a three-week long tour that took in five matches across five American cities by the time Van Gaal took over as manager.	United travelled almost 13,500 miles on the trip, which included games in Los Angeles, Denver, Detroit, Washington DC and Miami - all against high-profile opposition.	This summer's tour is expected to see United take on fewer opponents and undertake less travel.	The trip will have to be over a shorter period of time too as the Premier League season begins on August 8 - just eight weeks after the end of the international break.	It is understood that Van Gaal will sign off plans for the tour in the coming weeks.
Who has been Liverpool's player of the season?	Had you asked that question 12 months ago, the answer would have been glaring: Luis Suarez.	For his 31 goals and his breathtaking displays, the accolade could only have gone to the Uruguayan.	It was not, though, a case of him operating alone.	Had it been a'normal' season, Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling would all have been worthy recipients.	But they were not the only contenders.	Jordan Henderson was outstanding.	Martin Skrtel was a big presence.	Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of last season after the striker scored 31 goals in the campaign.	Steven Gerrard (left) and Phillippe Coutinho (front) also played well as Liverpool's title tilt fell short.	The Brazilian playmaker put in a real all-action display for his team.	As well as scoring the winner, he had the most shots, most touches, the highest duel success, highest dribble completion, and the most tackles.	Fast forward to the present and ask the same question: who has been Liverpool's player of the season?	There is no obvious candidate.	Henderson, of course, would have his backers.	The England international has excelled since the turn of the year, while Coutinho would command his share of the vote.	Brendan Rodgers suggested after the Brazilian's fabulous goal against Manchester City on March 1 he might be a contender for PFA Young Player of Year but, at times since, his flame has not flickered so brightly.	Sterling had three blistering months when his goals were key to reviving fortunes.	Emre Can has caught the eye since Christmas, while results have been better with Lucas Leiva in the team ; Liverpool have only suffered three defeats in the 23 matches he has started.	And that explains why Liverpool are where they are at the moment.	There have been lots of satisfactory contributions, a few excellent, but there has n't been anywhere near the consistency of 12 months ago.	Jordan Henderson has chipped in with some important goals and impressed with his boundless energy.	Coutinho has again played well and won the game for Liverpool to send them into the FA Cup semi-finals.	Coutinho has popped up with some important goals this season -- five of his six strikes have earned Liverpool results (four wins and a draw).	It is why they find themselves on the wrong side of the line for Champions League places and why they have made such heavy weather of this FA Cup campaign.	For long periods here they flattered to deceive.	Sterling saw little of the ball and Sturridge continued to show how out of form he is.	The goals have dried up for Rodgers' side over the course of the last month -- they had only scored seven in their previous six matches before this game.	Rodgers must have feared the worst as Simon Mignolet kept his side's Wembley dreams alive with two stunning saves early in the second period, but then, much to his relief, up popped Coutinho.	There is still time, of course, for one of Rodgers' squad to emerge as the absolute best of this bunch ; on May 19, a gala dinner will be held at the city's Echo Arena when the successor to Suarez will be announced.	Daniel Sturridge's injury-hit season has been a tempestuous affair for the out-of-sorts striker.	Raheem Sterling was denied of service at Ewood Park during a frustrating display for the contract rebel.	At this moment, nobody is better placed than Coutinho.	If Liverpool are going to clamber into the top four -- still a possibility given Liverpool's implosion -- and win the FA Cup, much will depend on the little Brazilian.	He proved he had what it takes to settle a frantic collision at Ewood Park.	Rodgers needs him to show that right through until the end of May.
Manchester City's youngsters finished off a job well done against Leicester City, adding to their 3-0 first-leg lead with two late goals from Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker at the King Power Stadium.	Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester hope of clawing back the advantage with 20 minutes to go but substitute Buckley and Barker struck to kill that dream off and set up a final against Chelsea later this month.	City will face Chelsea at a venue, likely to to be the City Football Academy Stadium, in the first leg on April 20 before travelling to Stamford Bridge a week later on April 27.	Manchester City's Isaac Buckley Ricketts (left) celebrates scoring at the King Power Stadium on Wednesday.	Manchester City's players celebrate after they consolidated their first leg lead to reach the Youth Cup final.	Leicester City: Smith-Varnham, Miles, Chilwell (c), Choudhury, Kipre, Johnson, Bailey (Barnes 62), Fox, King, Rowe (Muskwe 72), Ndukwu.	Unused subs: Knight, Bramley, Dombrauskis,.	Bookings: Choudhury.	Manchester City: Haug, Maffeo, Humphreys, Oliver, Angelino, Bryan (c) (Bullock 92), Nemane, Wood (Buckley 46), Celina, Garcia, Barker.	Unused subs: Albinson, Fernandes, Dilrosun.	Bookings: Wood, Bryan, Angelino.	With City holding a big advantage from the first leg last month, this clash always looked difficult for Leicester, and their inability to find an early goal made the task of overhauling the advantage even tougher.	City were the better team for much of the first half but goalkeeper Kjetil Haug had to be aware to keep out Hamza Choudhury from close range at the other end.	That was their best chance until Charlie Oliver handled inside his own penalty area with 20 minutes to go to gift Ndukwu the chance to give the home side the lead.	That opportunity was one he gratefully accepted, confidently dispatching his spot-kick past Haug.	Layton Ndukwu of Leicester City scores from a penalty to cut the deficit but it was not Leicester's night.	Brandon Barker (right) scored City's second goal of the evening as they made it to a first final in seven years.	Despite still holding a decent lead, City surged forward in response and Buckley equalised, thumping home Barker's cross.	And Buckley effectively returned the favour when he was hauled down inside the area moments later to allow Barker to make it 5-1 on aggregate from the spot.	City march on and face Chelsea in a rematch of their last final in this competition seven years ago.	The Premier League champions' youth side won 4-2 on aggregate on that occasion and will be hoping for a repeat this year.	Manchester City's Barker (right) in action with Leicester City's Hamza Choudhury (centre) in midfield.	Keenan King battles for the ball with City's Charlie Oliver, who gave away a penalty with 20 minutes to go.
As seasons go, this one has been pretty close to perfect for Bristol City.	Runaway leaders in Sky Bet League One, they became the first team in the Football League to mathematically secure promotion on Tuesday night - and in sensational style.	Hitting Bradford City for six of the best in their own backyard saw them triumphantly over the finishing line, although given their free-wheeling and free-scoring form the result really came as little surprise.	Aden Flint celebrates with a bottle of Sky Bet champagne following Bristol City's promotion.	City players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from League One.	And there's more.	Add to that their memorable Johnstone's Paint Trophy victory at Wembley last month - when Walsall were comfortably beaten 2-0 in the final - and you have a truly historic campaign for Steve Cotterill's team.	The season has been a personal triumph for tall, tattooed defender Aden Flint, who has played a central role in returning City to the Championship after two seasons away.	His uncompromising defensive style has been combined with a knack of scoring from set-pieces, leading to 11 goals this season.	Flint was on target at Wembley, fulfilling a childhood dream in the process, and also at Valley Parade on Tuesday.	The Robins stars shower each other in their isotonic drinks following victory against Bradford City on Tuesday.	Flint scores his side's fourth goal of the game as City earn an impressive 6-0 at Valley Parade.	'When the players and the manager sat down at the start of the season, we had three aims,' he tells Sportsmail.	'The first was to win promotion back to the Championship, the second was to go up as champions and the third was to win the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.	'We've managed to do two of the three and hopefully on Saturday we can achieve the other.'	That's because City need another win to make absolutely sure they will be promoted as champions.	The 25-year-old defender celebrates as the Robins earned promotion to the Championship in style.	City manager Steve Cotterill celebrates promotion with a commemorative bottle of champagne.	They currently lead Preston North End by 10 points but the Lancashire side have a game in hand and so three points are required against Coventry City at Ashton Gate this weekend.	'Nobody wants that runners-up medal.	The aim was always to go up as champions and we're close to achieving that,' Flint says.	'We've had that winning habit and it's a good one to get in to.	We've been top of the league for most of the season and to drop down to second now would be disappointing.'	Seldom does one team dominate a division in this way.	The lowest City have been placed is fifth and that was after their opening day fixture.	The Robins have enjoyed a memorable season which has included lifting the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.	Once again, Flint (right) made a huge contribution, giving City the lead against Walsall on March 22.	Flint wheels away in celebration after sending his side on their way to another memorable victory.	Cotterill (left) and Jay Emmanuel-Thomas look delighted as they celebrate with the trophy at Wembley.	They kicked on from there and set a ferocious pace throughout the autumn.	Since September 13th, there has only been one week when they have n't been top of the pile and they have lost just three games in all competitions since the New Year.	Not that success has been reserved for the league.	They reached the fourth round of the FA Cup, losing narrowly to Premier League West Ham, and claimed the Trophy too in front of over 40,000 of their fans at Wembley.	Flint said:'I think any player dreams of scoring and winning at Wembley.	There really is n't a better feeling in football.	It is right up there with the highlights in my career but I would say that if we win on Saturday and go up as champions, that will push Wembley out.'	The defender's goalscoring exploits have come as a surprise but he's quick to credit his team-mates for the service:'I did n't expect to score as many as five to be honest!	Flint holds the JPT with pride as he celebrates the 2-0 victory against Walsall last month.	The defender was also named the Sky Bet League 1 Player of the Month for March.	'I've just found myself in the right place at the right time to get on the end of all those set-pieces that have been delivered by the lads.	'Aaron Wilbraham has bags of experience with him and has scored over 20 goals this season.	Luke Freeman and Marlon Pack have been providing plenty of assists, not just for me but for everyone.	'But everyone has chipped in, it has been a collective effort.	The team spirit here has been the best I've ever experienced and it's been an enjoyable season.'	Promotion back to the Championship could be just the beginning of an exciting chapter in the club's 118-year history.	Aaron Wilbraham (right) has scored 18 domestic goals for the high-flying Robins this season.	Billionaire owner Steve Lansdown (left) is funding a renovation of the club's Ashton Gate home.	Billionaire owner Steve Lansdown, who made his fortune in financial services, is funding a renovation of the club's Ashton Gate home to expand the capacity to 27,000 and make it Premier League-ready.	And, according to Flint, that's precisely where the club is aiming:'We aim high and should be in the Championship, if not higher than that.	'It's a massive city, I did n't realise how big it is until I moved here.	It's surprising that the place has n't got a Premier League team and maybe we can change that.	'The chairman and the manager certainly have the ambition to achieve that.	Seeing Bournemouth and Brentford doing so well in the Championship, nobody expected that and, who knows what will happen when we get there next season.'
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona's attacking trio of Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar, claiming he has never seen a relationship like theirs.	The Spanish giants are in France ahead of their crucial Champions League quarter-final tie against Paris Saint-Germain, and Pique took some time out to wax lyrical about his team-mates.	Speaking to UEFA.com, the Spain centre back said:'I've never before seen a relationship like the one between Luis [ Suárez ], Ney [ Neymar ] and Leo [ Messi ].	Lionel Messi pictured arriving for a training session with Barcelona on Tuesday morning.	The Spanish giants are in France ahead of their crucial Champions League quarter-final tie against PSG.	Neymar was among those turning up for training with Luis Suarez following behind the forward.	Suarez, Neymar and Messi (left-right) have a special relationship, according to Gerard Pique.	Pique says Barcelona's impressive front three have a relationship like nothing he has seen before.	Messi, alongside team-mate Pique (right), train at Parc des Princes ahead of Wednesday night's match.	'We're talking about three of the best players in the world.'	Continuing, and perhaps in a sideways swipe at the relationship between Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo at La Liga rivals Real Madrid, Pique said:.	'Being a footballer always goes hand in hand with a certain amount of egotism, but those three really do have a special relationship.	In Madrid, there has been much speculation over Cristiano Ronaldo's (left) frustration with Gareth Bale.	Barcelona are preparing for their Champions League quarter-final match against Paris Saint-Germain.	'They get on superbly.	There's no hint of jealousy and that shows on the pitch.'	Ronaldo's frustration with Bale has received much media attention over the last month, culminating in the Portugal star's non-celebration and apparent frustration at Bale taking the limelight to score a goal against Levante in March.	Over in Barcelona, the Nou Camp's front three have a combined 88 goals between them in all competitions this season, and could add to that when they take to the field at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night.
Boy, would Tiger like to find a fairway here,' said former professional David Feherty.	'Preferably one attached to this hole.'	It was that sort of day.	Tiger Woods had worked so hard on his short game, the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten.	He chipped like a champion ; he drove like a boy racer.	Somewhere in the ether, golf's gods pointed and mocked.	So Tiger's short game is killing him?	Opposite.	There has been so much yip yap these last few weeks it was forgotten that Woods was becoming more erratic off the tee, long before his chipping went west.	From the first, when he drifted into a bunker on the right, to the final par five, when he fired one into the crowd, castigating himself as a'dumbass' -- although a shout of'fore' might have been more helpful -- Woods took the long road around Augusta.	The galleries were packed as crowd favourite Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta.	Woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell.	Woods feels the heat at Augusta with the world No 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round.	That he recorded a relatively respectable score -- some significant distance off the lead, but certainly in the ball park of what would have been considered a reasonable number given that this was his first competitive golf for two months -- was testament to his cussedness as much as his talent.	Tiger dug deep and his play around the greens saved him.	It was remarkable, really, considering his crisis of confidence.	On the sixth, a par three, Woods missed the green again.	He looked more than irritated, he looked worn down, fed up with a sport he once held on a string.	He no doubt remembers how it used to be, too.	How he must miss that old Tiger.	He walked to the ball, perched at the top of a small incline to the right of the green.	And he putted it.	Rolled it down the slope, got it near enough.	Settled.	But, even so, it was a tell.	The best poker players do n't have tells and Tiger likes Las Vegas as much as any high roller.	But he saw his hand and, on that occasion, he blinked.	It was still a Tiger gallery, of course.	Still the biggest, still primed to applaud even the tiniest glimmer of his genius.	But they would have recognised this as Tiger bluffing.	Rewind through a decade and he would have conjured something small and miraculous with a short iron, made the ball pitch and spit and stop almost at his command.	He would have shown the mastery of a charmer with a mesmerised snake.	Putting from off the green?	That was for the old guys and the also-rans, those without the bravery or the genius to make the ball obey.	So Tiger got it close and made the solid up and down.	Sure, they're part of the game and every pro relies on them, even the all-time greats.	But he was coming to need them, more and more.	He wo n't be entirely comfortable with that.	He could n't putt at the 11th, when he again missed right and left himself a rascal of a chip.	If Tiger's short game was as bad as it had looked last time, the ball could easily have taken a bath.	Instead, he recovered, just like old times.	Then put it in the water at the 12th instead.	Golf's gods thumbed their noses and pulled faces behind his back.	'I made two dumb mistakes,' said Woods.	'That apart, it was a good day.	The short game was my strength, it was the reason I worked my butt off -- to make it my strength again.'	Even so, dramatic saves were n't all the old Tiger was about.	There was a shot on the seventh that would have been a contender for play of the day.	That is why they continue to hurry when he has played, no matter the needs of his patient partners.	Tiger hits and off they go to see Tiger hit again.	But Tiger is hitting more and more.	Not the 82 times he hit at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in January perhaps, but more times than he would have hit in such benign conditions at Augusta in the old days, when he would n't have been so pleased to tie for 41st place after 18 holes.	Still, the seventh.	Boy it was a beauty.	He was behind a tree, left of the fairway, barely in sight of the green.	He took a giant hit, dug it out but with such power and ferocity.	The crowd lost the flight, the cameraman too, but Woods did n't.	He skipped and peered around the forestry to see the ball drop out of the sky, onto the green to a Sunday afternoon reception.	Momentarily it was 1997 all over again.	And then it was 2015 again and he left his 25 footer short.	Par.	Woods was not impressed with his approach shot to the 10th, but he managed to salvage par on the hole.	Woods' beau Lindsey Vonn was in attendance as her other half mopped his sopping brow with a towel.	Woods, Jimmy Walker and Jamie Donaldson walk to the 6th green during an absorbing day's play.	Increasingly, his gallery writes cheques the man in the arena can not cash.	They were 14 rows deep just to watch him walk the ten strides from putting green to first tee.	Eight on one side, six on the other, five marshals, wrestling with rope, and several baseball-hatted G4 security men.	A local sheriff marched past, perspiring through his regulation white shirt.	Even for Augusta in April it was unseasonably warm: 89, according to the Weather Channel.	It was approaching 1.48 pm Eastern Time.	Tiger o'clock.	The 14 rows fidgeted expectantly.	Tiger breezed through, to applause, cheers and the odd whoop ; the love of the common people.	He nodded in appreciation once, mouthed a noiseless thank you, smiled a tight anti-smile.	And then he was gone.	Swallowed up as the ropes dropped and the crowd fell in behind him.	Will he, wo n't he?	Could he, could n't he?	They had seen the man, but would they ever see The Man?	He was coming here with a new game, and a new mindset, but was this a new Tiger?	Woods lines up his putt on the par three sixth as the 15-time major winner had a solid start to the day.	Woods shows his fury at a chip from a bunker on the fourth, but he managed to steady the ship.	Woods patrols the Augusta fairways on a largely frustrating round for the former world No 1.	No.	Not a new Tiger like the old Tiger anyway.	Too much, too soon.	He was better than the Tiger that departed Torrey Pines in February, with fears for his long-term future.	Better for all that graft, that sun up to sun down perseverance.	But he was still the 111th ranked golfer in the world.	A bit rusty, a bit erratic, a bit brilliant, a bit fallible.	There were fine moments, but they were fleeting.	He got better through the round, but he would have eaten this place alive in the good old days.	And that is Tiger's problem.	It's a bit like Al Pacino in Carlito's Way.	Every time he tries to get out, they pull him back in.	The creaks, the chunks, the odd crisis of confidence that just was n't there before.	He starts to get going, he works his ass off, but it is hard.	He three-putted the first, birdied the second.	Hit a tree off the tee on the third, but got a lucky kick onto the fairway.	Found a bunker, then missed the green on the par three fourth, played a quite stunning second from a poor fairway lie on the fifth.	It was the golf of a competitor still battling against the years, and the aches of a creaking back and -- whisper it -- maybe yips that could resurface at any time.	He wo n't go quietly, the competitor remains, but he is vulnerable now.	If it is is n't one thing, it's the other.	Woods wills his second shot from the 14th on with the galleries gripped on the unfolding soap opera.	Woods looks anxiously as his tee shot from the 15th sails into the still Georgia skies on a perfect day for golf.	Woods finished the day at one over as he looks forlornly at a shot on the eighth.
Mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th Masters.	For much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing with 34-year-old Justin Rose and 45-year-old Ernie Els, as the Englishman and the South African posted scores of 67 to tie Charley Hoffman, an American representative of the rank and file.	Last man out Jason Day would join them in the evening shadows.	But by then Spieth had separated himself from the field to become the youngest first-round leader in Masters history with a fabulous run of six birdies in seven holes before adding a wonderful flourish at the 18th, where he brushed in a 25-foot birdie putt.	Runner-up on his debut last year, he now owns a three-shot lead going into day two.	Jordan Spieth sinks his birdie put on the 18th at Augusta to take a three-shot lead into the second round.	Justin Rose made the early running with an impressive five-under-par 67.	Rose consoles Gunn Yang after the amateur finished his round on 13 over.	Most of the favoured names left Augusta National feeling reasonably content, as Rory McIlroy and defending champion Bubba Watson shot 71, while Dustin Johnson and Masters specialist Phil Mickelson opened with rounds of 70.	Whether they will be feeling quite so content at falling so far behind such an awesome talent as the brilliant Texan is another matter.	Spieth has barely been off a leader-board all year and there was no chance of him being off this one during this round where he hit flagsticks, holed putts from everywhere and enjoyed the requisite amount of fortune as well as a wayward drive at the 13th bounced off the Georgia pines into the middle of the fairway.	It meant when he stood on the par-five 15th tee he was eight under after a scarcely credible 10 single putts on these treacherous greens.	At that moment anything seemed possible -- even a 62, thereby setting a new standard for scoring in the 155-year history of majors.	Only once all day did he act his age and it was here on this risk-reward par five, as he ran up a six.	Naturally, Spieth was not about to get greedy.	'I made a mistake but a 64, my first score in the sixties on this course, I have nothing to complain about,' he said.	A packed crowd watch Rose on the 10th green during the first round.	Rose and Charley Hoffman (above) made the early running at Augusta with a 67.	South African Ernie Els rolled back the years with a superb 67 on Thursday.	Rose in full bloom on day one is a sight as familiar as the glorious azaleas.	In nine previous starts Rose has led on three occasions after the first round.	Here he equalled his best Masters score, recorded on the opening day in 2004.	That year he went on to hold the 36-hole lead as well, while in 2007 he was lying tied second going into the final round, eventually finishing tied fifth.	Add all those memories of good days here to the fact he's now a proven major champion following his US Open triumph in 2013, and there must be the hope this will prove rather more than an excellent opening gambit.	Certainly that is how he is seeing it.	'I've learned plenty from those previous occasions, like not getting ahead of yourself,' he said.	'I've learned that the hard way and now I ca n't see any reason why I should n't keep executing the gameplan.	You've got to believe in yourself, especially when you're a major winner.'	Els used his ball-striking skills to get out of trouble on the 17th hole during the first round.	Rory McIlroy appeared relaxed as he walked down the ninth fairway with Phil Mickelson, right,.	McIlroy recovered from a shaky start to finish the first round on one-under-par.	Rose was n't the only Englishman to prosper, as in-form Paul Casey shot 69.	'I played with Paul last week and he strikes me as a man with something to prove,' said Rose.	After Greg Norman, Els might be the great hard-luck story when it comes to fabulous players who never quite got it done here.	Given how good he was at 25, he represents a cautionary tale for those who believe it inevitable McIlroy will win the Masters one day.	Els is still trying, at 45, and what a joy to see one of the great ball-strikers roll back a decade or two rather than the years to post his five-under score.	A wonderful eagle three at the 15th was followed by a superlative sand save from a buried lie at the 17th.	Only at the last was there a modicum of disappointment.	Two putts and it would have been his lowest score in 71 rounds at Augusta.	But he took three.	McIlroy recovered from a nervously played front nine with some familiar Augusta failings resurfacing as he failed to birdie either par five.	Two clunked chip shots at the third and sixth also betrayed a level of tension that illustrated fully the momentous nature of the achievement he is trying to complete in shooting for the career grand slam.	American Jordan Spieth celebrates with his caddie Michael Greller on the 18th.	Defending champion Bubba Watson struggled to find his rhythm in opening round.	Tiger Woods feels the heat with the world No 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round.	Woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell.	There were also two encouraging moments during that front nine, however, when he turned what would have been double bogeys in the past into mere bogeys.	At the par-five second he drove into a hazard and was staring an ugly seven in the face for openers until he got down in two blows from 100 yards.	At the sixth, his mis-hit chip came back down the steep slope but he did n't panic.	He decided to take his putter for the second attempt and got down in two.	The value of limiting the damage was emphasised further when he notched his first birdie of the day at the next.	On the back nine, it was more like it from the 25-year-old.	Over the front nine he had given up three shots on the par fives alone to playing partner Mickelson, but here he got the two birdies on offer at the 13th and the 15th.	'I left myself in some awkward spots but I holed some good putts on the back nine,' he said.	'I was a little nervous on the front nine but mostly just too excited.	It was a decent opener.'	The day as a whole was a lot better than that.	One to savour, in fact.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor.	Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying:'It would be a shame for Burnley to go down.'	Arsenal were made to fight hard for their eighth win in a row and Wenger said:' I understand now why they took points from other teams like Chelsea and Manchester City.	Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the Premier League.	Burnley manager Sean Dyche shakes hands with Wenger following Arsenal 1-0 victory at Turf Moor.	'When you see their performance tonight (Saturday), I am surprised by their plight near the bottom.	They have a great solidarity and organisation in their side.	Burnley have won only once in 11 games, a famous 1-0 victory against City, but Dyche still believes they can escape the drop.	They are currently two points from safety but face three fellow strugglers Hull City, Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures.	They have played seven teams at the top of the table in their last eight games.	Aaron Ramsey (right) scored the only goal of the game, but it was enough to secure three points.	The Welsh midfielder points to the sky as he celebrates putting Arsenal into a early 1-0 lead.	'We have six big games coming and we have shown this season we can score goals,' he said.	'We are not naïve.	We are willing and have an appetite to succeed.'	'The outside world thought we might not take anything from our last seven games.	There are teams around us who are having an awkward time and maybe they feel the next matches more than us.	'It could well go do the wire.	I am only concerned about us.	I know if our performances are right, we will win games.	I think we have measured ourselves well against the top sides and now there are going to be different type of games, edgy games.'	Burnley were unlucky not to draw level after this acrobatic attempt was saved by David Ospina.
As the Champions League starters took a break it was business as usual for the rest of the Real Madrid squad on Wednesday as they returned to training a day after the last eight clash with rivals Atletico.	There was no sign of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez - all of who played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday - as the fringe players took part in a session at the Valdebebas complex.	Isco and Alvaro Arbeloa, second-half substitutes during the first leg against Atletico, were present alongside regular first team players Pepe and Sami Khedira, who were on the bench on Tuesday.	Isco, a second-half substitute against Atletico on Tuesday, keeps the ball from Fabio Coentrao during training.	Pepe climbs highest as the players that didn ; t start in the Champions League trained on Wednesday.	Sami Khedira, linked with a move to the Premier League, strikes the ball during Wednesday's session.	Javier Hernandez and Lucas Silva were put through their paces at the Valdebebas complex.	Real Madrid return to La Liga action on Saturday as they welcome Malaga to the Bernabeu looking to keep the pressure on league leaders Barcelona, who face Valencia on the same day.	Real will then face Atletico in next Wednesday's second leg - the eighth time the rivals have clashed this season with Carlo Ancelotti's side still chasing their first win against their neighbours.	'It is not such a good a result,' Ancelotti said after the match.'	I am happy with the performance, but we played really well in the first half and should have scored.	We have to try and repeat that at our stadium.'	Alvaro Arbeloa tussles with Coentrao during the training session ahead of the return to La Liga action.	Brazilian Silva, signed from Cruzeiro in January, takes the ball forward as Pepe (right) watches on.	Meanwhile, defender Dani Carvjal was forced to deny attempting to bite Atletico striker Mario Mandzukic during a heated derby.	'Seeing after the match that I have been accused of biting a rival player, I want to make it clear that I did not bite anyone, nor did I try to,' the Spain right back told reporters.
Charlie Adam stunned the Premier League with a goal from his own half in Stoke's clash with Chelsea on Saturday evening.	Here is a look back at some of the finest examples of the genre.	Charlie Adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.	Thibaut Courtois was left helpless also his Chelsea side eventually went on to win 2-1.	DAVID BECKHAM.	The midfielder would go on to be a world-renowned, generational talent - but was only an emerging figure when, on the first day of the 1996-97 season, he spotted Wimbledon goalkeeper Neil Sullivan off his line and arced the ball perfectly over him and into the net to round off a 3-0 win.	David Beckham struck from inside his own half for Manchester United against Wimbledon in 1996.	Beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for United on the opening day of the 1996-97 season.	JONE SAMUELSEN.	An even greater rarity - a headed goal from a player in his own half.	Samuelsen's Odd Grenland side were leading 2-1, Tromso's goalkeeper Andre Hansen was up for a corner and the ball was cleared towards Odd's centre forward.	Defender Steffen Hagen nodded the ball away from him and just back across the halfway line, where Samuelsen met it with a powerful header which carried at least 30 yards and bounced into the unguarded net.	Local police measured the goal at 58.13 metres, earning Samuelsen a spot in the Guinness Book of Records for the longest headed goal.	XABI ALONSO.	The Spanish midfielder actually achieved the feat twice in 2006 while with Liverpool - and once with each foot, for good measure.	The left-footed effort was into an empty net, with Luton keeper Marlon Beresford up for a corner in injury time of an FA Cup tie the Reds won 5-3, but he then launched a flat lob over Newcastle keeper Steve Harper from the edge of the centre circle inside his own half in the Premier League.	Xabi Alonso celebrates scoring from his own half for Liverpool against Newcastle in 2006.	Steve Harper was helplessly beaten in the Newcastle goal by the Spanish midfielder's superb effort.	STEFAN ISHIZAKI.	The Elfsborg forward was out on the right sideline, a couple of yards inside his own half, when Orebro keeper Tomer Chencinski's clearance dropped to him.	Ishizaki simply swung a first-time right foot volley at the ball, which bounced once in the middle of the penalty area before finding the top corner perfectly.	MAYNOR FIGUEROA.	The then-Wigan defender displayed great quick thinking against Stoke in 2009 when his side were awarded a free-kick near the halfway line.	Robert Huth fouled Scott Sinclair and, with most of the players napping, Figueroa ran straight on to the stationary ball to blaze a shot over Thomas Sorensen and in.	Wigan Athletic's Maynor Figueroa (second left) struck from behind halfway against Stoke in 2009.	MORITZ STOPPELKAMP.	Again, the Hannover goalkeeper was up for a free-kick, but that should not detract from Paderborn midfielder Stoppelkamp's achievement as the ball was cleared to him on the edge of his own penalty area and he simply controlled it on his chest, turned and volleyed the ball into the net from a scarcely believable 83 yards to make it 2-0.	Moritz Stoppelkamp of Paderborn (centre) celebrates his stunning goal against Hanover in September 2014.	CHARLIE ADAM.	The Stoke man has previous for this kind of behaviour, having showcased the skill during two loan spells from Rangers earlier in his career.	An effort for Blackpool's reserves was just inside the Accrington half, but one for Ross County against St Mirren in 2007 was just about on the line - close enough to give him the benefit of the doubt, in any case.	Adam (right) celebrates with his Stoke City team-mates after scoring at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Charlie Adam looked up, noticed Thibaut Courtois was off his line, and thought:'Why not?'	Why not, indeed.	The Stoke City midfielder was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score what will surely be crowned the Barclays Premier League's strike of the season.	David Beckham did it against Wimbledon in August 1996, as did Wayne Rooney against West Ham last March.	There was Xabi Alonso in 2006 and Maynor Figueroa three years later, too.	Charlie Adam (centre) lets fly from inside his own half as he scores one of the goals of his career at Chelsea.	Thibaut Courtois watches on as he is unable to stop Adam's shot from hitting the back of the net for 1-1.	Yet this was different.	It was not a hit and hope.	It was not a lob.	This was a direct shot from deep inside Adam's own half which fooled one of the world's greatest goalkeepers -- and Adam meant it.	Sportmail's Jamie Redknapp agreed.	'This is better than Beckham, more audacious than Rooney's last season, This is one of the best strikes we've ever seen.	It's an absolutely incredible piece of play by Charlie Adam.	'You categorise goals as great individual efforts or team goals, but that was a piece of genius.	To even try it is brilliant.'	Even by the standards those at Stamford Bridge are used to seeing week in, week out, this was special.	Particularly because it came from an unexpected source, from a'bloke who looks like a bus driver', as former English cricket captain Freddie Flintoff colourfully put it.	Nineteen years ago, when Beckham introduced himself to the world with his goal from the halfway line, he did so wearing the wrong footwear.	The Manchester United great beat Wimbledon goalkeeper Neil Sullivan wearing custom-made boots embroidered with'Charlie' on the tongue -- adidas sending Beckham a pair which were actually intended for Rangers attacking midfielder Charlie Miller.	Adam (second left) admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game.	David Beckham struck from inside his own half for Manchester United against Wimbledon in 1996.	Beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for United on the opening day of the 1996-97 season.	Chelsea became the second team to score 100 penalties in the Premier League.	Liverpool were the first and have now scored 102.	Miller never got his boots as they were retired, turned into a museum piece, having helped Beckham towards his first of 115 England caps less than three weeks later against Moldova.	From one Scottish Charlie to another, Adam plans to frame his boots and shirt from Stamford Bridge, but this goal is unlikely to be the making of the former Rangers, Blackpool and Liverpool midfielder as it was for Beckham.	Yet in the four seconds it took for the ball to go from boot to net, Adam disproved the theory that sequels are never better than the original.	'The manager kept saying to me, "come in the middle of the pitch", to try to get on the ball,' Adam said.	'I'm not a winger, I'm not a wide left midfielder, I do n't have the pace to go in behind so I've seen an opening, I've seen the goalie off his line and I thought, "why not do it at a place like Chelsea?"	'I've seen the goalie back-pedalling and I was praying it would go in.	I'll remember it for the rest of my career.'	From Spain's Marca to Italy's La Gazzetta dello Sport, the goal has been admired worldwide.	One man who does not want to see it again, however, is Jose Mourinho.	It left a black mark against a win which moved them seven points clear at the top of the Premier League, yet even the Chelsea manager can admire a wonder-goal when one comes along, as much as it hurts to admit it.	Even Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had to admit that Adam's goal was a strike of the highest quality.	Adam (right) celebrates with his Stoke City team-mates after scoring at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.	'It was a fantastic goal, every player in the world would like to score a goal like that,' Mourinho said.	'Diego Maradona to Lionel Messi to all these brilliant players.	Not all of them did score that goal in their careers.'	Maradona, Messi, and Adam.	Unlike the Argentinian greats, he is known more for his heavy tackling, as Gareth Bale found out when he suffered ankle ligament damage in May 2011.	Yet this was straight from the Pele playbook.	Stoke had not managed a single shot on target with half-time minutes away and there seemed no danger as Adam picked up the ball 10 yards inside his own half.	Courtois mistakenly thought the same.	Yet this is nothing new from Adam.	He did it for Blackpool reserves previously, and Ross County, too.	Asked if it is something he thinks about using regularly during a game, Adam said:'Every time.'	Midway through this interview, Chelsea striker Didier Drogba interrupts.	'Why?'	he asks Adam in mock indignation.	'Tell me why?'	To which Adam replies:'I watch your videos.'	Indeed there are compilations of goals just as outrageous on YouTube and, on Saturday, Adam rightly earned his place in history among them.
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva is relishing the prospect of a long-awaited Wembley appearance after injury robbed him of the chance three years ago.	The Reds made three trips to the national stadium in 2012 after winning the League Cup and losing the FA Cup to Chelsea, but the Brazil international missed all of them with a serious knee injury sustained in the previous November.	But having played his part in the 1-0 quarter-final win at Blackburn, Lucas is hoping to get his chance in the last-four encounter with Aston Villa on April 19.	Lucas Leiva (right) celebrates with Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers after getting to the FA Cup semi-final.	Lucas (left) challenges Markus Olsson as Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay.	Lucas can play his first game at Wembley in a Liverpool shirt when they meet Aston Villa in the semi-final.	'Unfortunately I got an injury before we got to Wembley so I missed [ the chance to play there ],' he said.	'Hopefully I'll be fit and be able to play at Wembley.	I've never played there, so it will be a very good experience and after many years here, to have that chance is amazing.'	I think everyone could see how hard we worked.	We knew it was going to be a very hard game in difficult conditions, but I think we did well and we are so happy to get to Wembley and hopefully get to the final.'	Victory over Blackburn intensified talk of the team giving captain Steven Gerrard, who departs for Los Angeles Galaxy, the perfect send-off as his birthday falls on the day of the final.	However, the midfielder was suspended for the tie at Ewood Park and it was Lucas's compatriot Philippe Coutinho who made the difference with a 70th-minute strike, having scored a brilliant last-minute winner in a fourth-round replay at Bolton.	Coutinho has arguably been Liverpool's best player over the last five months having not only finally seemed to have grown in stature as a playmaker but also adding goals to his armoury.'	I have known him for a very long time and I know what he's capable of doing,' Lucas told liverpoolfc.com.	'He's becoming an even bigger player for the club and he's got a long way to go in terms of age and experience, but he's already right there with the top players.'	Another player whose form has taken a significant upturn during that period is goalkeeper Simon Mignolet, who produced two excellent saves to keep a clean sheet against Rovers and even stopped opposite number Simon Eastwood scoring what would have been the most dramatic of equalisers after the Rovers keeper came up for a throw-in in added time.	The Belgium international has overcome his early-season wobbles when he seemed to be the cause of much of Liverpool's defensive frailties.	He admits victory over Blackburn was important after back-to-back Premier League defeats put a huge dent in their Champions League aspirations.	'After the result against Arsenal there was n't much time to think because we knew there was going to be a game on Wednesday,' Mignolet said.	'So we had to recover well, put the focus to Blackburn and then make sure that we did the things we wanted to do.'	I think the lads and the team responded really well, did their jobs and did what the gaffer asked us to do, and we managed to get the result we wanted.	'We needed to bounce back after two disappointing results against Manchester United and Arsenal and we did that.	'We gave something back to the fans, who have got something to look forward to now as well with a trip to Wembley.	Philippe Coutinho (right) scored the decisive goal for Liverpool, drilling a low shot in off the far post.	Simon Mignolet (left) produced another commanding display in goal for Liverpool at Ewood Park.	Mignloet praised the Liverpool supporters and is targeting reaching the final of the FA Cup.	'They stand behind us at every single away game, they turn up in numbers and it's always nice to play in front of that crowd.	'They pushed us forward and they have something to look forward to now with a big game at Wembley.	Hopefully we can get to the final as well.'	As a result of Liverpool's semi-final involvement their league match at Hull scheduled for that weekend has been rescheduled for Tuesday, April 28 at the KC Stadium.
The records just keep tumbling for Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid.	After his strike against Rayo Vallecano, the Portuguese forward now has 300 goals for Los Blancos, despite having played in Madrid for only six seasons, amassing 288 appearances.	He has well and truly made his name as a legend at the Santiago Bernabeu, only trailing Raul and Alfredo di Stefano in the club standings.	Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in just six years with the La Liga giants.	The Portuguese forward is catching Raul's (l) club record and is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano (r).	Ronaldo heads home his 300th goal for the club - against Rayo Vallecano at the Vallecas Stadium in Madrid.	323 - Raul.	308 - Alfredo di Stefano.	300 - Cristiano Ronaldo.	289 - Carlos Santillana.	242 - Ferenc Puskas.	Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, even managing 41 with his head.	46 of his goals at Real have been outside the box, many of them screamers.	After claiming two FIFA Ballon d'Or awards during his time in Spain, as well as glory in La Liga and the Champions League, many would be running out of motivation, scratching around for more records to break.	But Ronaldo, 30, does n't only have the status of Raul or Di Stefano to look up to, but also Barcelona rival Lionel Messi, who is younger, and seemingly still improving.	But there are other poachers that have formed their goalscoring reputation at one club, including a Portugal legend and an Everton hero who the former Manchester United man could draw inspiration from.	Ronaldo celebrates after scoring his first goal (vs Deportivo in 2009, above), and his most recent (below).	THE TOP 10 ONE-CLUB SCORERS OF ALL TIME.	10) Dixie Dean, Everton (1925-37).	383.	Dean is the widely regarded as greatest player to have been born on Merseyside, and scored 60 goals in one league season in 1927/28.	Impressed?	He achieved that record after fracturing his skull and jaw in a motorcycling accident.	Former Everton striker Dixie Dean is widely regarded as the greatest striker ever born on Merseyside.	9) Willy van der Kuijlen, PSV (1964-81).	394.	When his career started in Eindhoven, part of Der Kuijlen's motivation was to work at Phillips.	He ended up with almost 400 goals, and was still only capped 22 times by the Dutch national side.	Willy van der Kuijlen of PSV runs with the ball in the UEFA Cup match against Bastia in 1978.	8) Lionel Messi, Barcelona (2004-present).	398 *.	Staggeringly, this Argentine forward is only 27.	As the star of a mightily impressive Barelona team, expect Messi to climb up this list considerably over the next 10 years.	Lionel Messi is closing in on the 400 mark with Barcelona and should rapidly rise up the scoring charts.	7) Zico, Flamengo (1971-83 and 1985-89).	401.	An attacking midfielder in the top 10?	Often called the'White Pele', Zico encapsulated a fine generation of Brazilian football, and impressed with his club side in his homeland.	Over two spells with Flamengo, it's no wonder he was given a prestigious nickname.	Zico of Flamengo takes on Liverpool's (l-r) Ray Kennedy, Graeme Souness and Alan Hansen in a friendly.	6) Eusebio, Benfica (1960-75).	474.	Eusebio helped Benfica to 11 league titles and seven more domestic trophies, as well as four European Cup finals.	Not just a poacher, Eusebio had it all and the Mozambique-born player was a Portuguese football legend.	Eusebio lead Benfica to 11 league titles and seven more domestic trophies with a staggering amount of goals.	5) Uwe Seeler, Hamburg (1953-72).	507.	Up there with Gerd Muller and Franz Beckenbauer as a German great, Seeker was not a giant but a very strong player with fantastic shooting and heading abilities.	His tally probably proves that.	Uwe Seeler scored over 500 goals for Hamburg and is up there with Franz Beckenbauer as a German great.	4) Jimmy McGrory, Celtic (1922-37).	522.	Regarded as the Hoops' finest ever player, McGrory netted 55 hat-tricks for the club and went on to rewrite the football record books with his unbelievable scoring feats.	3) Josef Bican, Slavia Prague (1937-48).	534.	Slavia were one of the biggest clubs in the pre-war era, led by a striker from a poor family, brought up in Austria.	He fled to Czechoslovakia during the second world war, and certainly made his mark.	2) Gerd Muller, Bayern Munich (1964-79).	573.	Muller scored an incredible 85 goals in a single season as Bayern Munich claimed the Bundesliga title in 1972, and was the league's top scorer on seven occasions.	Muller spent 13 campaigns with the Bavarian giants and with his goalscoring record, it's no wonder to see him near the top of the charts.	Gerd Muller (centre) scored 85 goals in one league season with Bayern Munich and netted 573 in total.	1) Pele, Santos (1956-74).	1088.	Though his official record stands at 643 goals for Brazilian side Santos, and the 1088 includes strikes against a military XI, Pele tops the charts.	Is he the best player of all-time, too?	Pele unofficially scored 1088 goals for Santos and is widely regarded as the best player of all-time.	PS... who are these Premier League sides' all-time top scorers?	ARSENAL.	228 - Thierry Henry (1999-2007 and 2012).	185 - Ian Wright (1991-98).	178 - Cliff Bastin (1929-47).	Thierry Henry enjoyed a prolific eight-year spell with Arsenal and is the club's all-time top goalscorer.	CHELSEA.	211 - Frank Lampard (2001-14).	202 - Bobby Tambling (1959-70).	193 - Kerry Dixon (1983-92).	EVERTON.	383 - Dixie Dean (1925-37).	159 - Graeme Sharp (1980-91).	138 - Bob Latchford (1974-81).	LIVERPOOL.	346 - Ian Rush (1980-87 and 1988-96).	286 - Roger Hunt (1958-69).	241 - Gordon Hodgson (1925-36).	Ian Rush netted 346 times over two spells with Liverpool and is streaks ahead of anyone else in the charts.	MANCHESTER CITY.	178 - Eric Brook (1928-39).	166 - Tommy Johnson (1920-30).	153 - Colin Bell (1966-1979).	MANCHESTER UNITED.	249 - Sir Bobby Charlton (1956-73).	237 - Denis Law (1962-73).	230 * Wayne Rooney (2004-present).	Wayne Rooney is just 19 goals behind Sir Bobby Charlton at Manchester United after his recent strike.	NEWCASTLE.	206 - Alan Shearer (1996-2006).	200 - Jackie Milburn (1946-57).	153 - Len White (1953-62).	Alan Shearer scored 206 goals for Newcastle, while Vic Watson managed 326 for West Ham United.	TOTTENHAM.	266 - Jimmy Greaves (1961-70).	208 - Bobby Smith (1955-64).	174 - Martin Chivers (1968-76).	WEST HAM.	326 - Vic Watson (1920-35).	252 - Geoff Hurst (1959-72).	166 - John Dick (1953 -- 63).	166 - Jimmy Ruffell (1921-37).
Ronald Koeman's message to his Southampton players is a clear one: Forget about the others, focus on yourselves and start scoring goals.	The Saints' stellar season has stuttered in recent weeks, largely due to their impotence in front of goal.	In their last 10 league matches they've scored just seven times, resulting in a haul of 14 points from a potential 30.	Southampton manager Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make Europe.	Southampton striker Graziano Pelle (centre) has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season.	Pelle's struggles in front of goal could see him removed from the side to play Hull on Saturday.	Still, though, the south coast side are punching well above their weight and sit seventh in the Premier League with 53 points from their 31 outings -- one point behind Tottenham Hotspur in sixth and Liverpool in fifth.	European football is the goal and, starting with Hull City on Saturday, Saints have seven matches to chase that dream.	'You have to look at yourself and to do your best,' Koeman said on Thursday.	'You have to have the ambition, spirit and quality.	'We have a little bit more difficulty in creating enough chances to score and we have to work on that.	Now the situation at the moment is that we are fighting for fifth, sixth and seventh position in the table and that's still very good.	'We have a home game now and if you want to finish up in the table you have to win games like this.'	Saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches, and Koeman could be poised to recall Senegalese striker Sadio Mane to the starting 11.	Sadio Mane (left) is pushing for a recall to the Southampton side for the home game against Hull.	Koeman is trying to lead Southampton into the Europa League and they are currently seventh on 53 points.	Koeman is looking for his best attacking combination and with Graziano Pelle continuing to misfire, winger Mane could be called on to play up the middle.	'We need to have patience and we need to bring more quality in front (of goal).	Then it's all about the performance,' Koeman told the club's YouTube channel.	Hull are scrapping for their top-flight lives and will be tough to break down.	The Tigers are one place above the drop zone, two points clear of Queens park Rangers and Burnley, and six above rock-bottom Leicester.
Mark Selby, John Higgins and Ding Junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the China Open on Wednesday.	Selby, who is gearing up for the defence of his world title later this month, continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash.	Ding, the home favourite and reigning champion in Beijing, had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against Mark Davis to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams, who was an easy 5-0 winner over Scotland's Michael Leslie.	Mark Selby plays a shot during his match against fellow Engllishman Elliot Slessor at the China Open.	Slessor plays a shot against Selby during their match at the China Open at Peking University in Beijing.	Four-time world champion Higgins had a single break over 50 as he beat Scottish countryman Graeme Dott 5-2, setting up an intriguing last-16 clash with Judd Trump.	Bristolian Trump, who lost out to Higgins in the 2011 World Championship final, enjoyed a century break in frame six to seal a 5-1 success against Peter Ebdon.	Another former world champion, Shaun Murphy, was made to work hard for his place in the third round, coming from 3-2 down to see off Anthony McGill 5-4.	Thailand's Dechawat Poomjaeng, who upset Neil Robertson in the opening round in Beijing, pulled out an impressive 5-0 win against England's Jack Lisowski to continue his challenge, but it was the end of the line for Marco Fu, who was edged out 5-4 by Welshman Jamie Jones.	There were also second-round wins for Barry Hawkins, Stephen Maguire, Michael White, Robert Milkins, David Gilbert, Robin Hull, Kurt Maflin and Gary Wilson, with the last-16 taking place across two sessions on Thursday.	Shaun Murphy worked hard for his place in the third round, coming from behind to beat Anthony McGill 5-4.
Vincent Kompany has emerged as an injury doubt for the Manchester derby.	City boss Manuel Pellegrini revealed that the Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday, 24 hours ahead of Sunday's clash at Old Trafford.	The Chilean, whose side have slipped into fourth place, also reinstated that he has no fears over his job amid mounting pressure.	Aleksandar Kolarov (11), Frank Lampard (18) and Edin Dzeko (10) lead the way in Manchester City training.	Yaya Toure attempts to control the ball during training at the City football academy.	Sergio Aguero leaps up in the air in front of Bacary Sagna to win a header during training.	However, he did admit:'We will see what happens in August.'	City captain Kompany, 29 on Friday, would be a huge loss despite his patchy form this season.	He played 90 minutes in Monday's 2-1 loss against Crystal Palace but picked up a hamstring injury at Selhurst Park and Pellegrini said he is doubtful for the match against Louis van Gaal's men.	'Kompany we will assess tomorrow,' he said.	'He worked the whole week the normal way.	I always say the same.	We are always better with Kompany but if he can not play we have a squad.'	If Kompany is deemed unfit City could be facing a defensive crisis with Dedryck Boyata also injured.	That would leave Pellegrini with a pairing of the ageing Martin Demichelis and the inconsistent Eliaquim Mangala.	Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's clash against Manchester United on Sunday.	City captain and central defender Kompany played 90 minutes as City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday.	City manager Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job, despite his team dropping into fourth.	City are in fourth place, a point behind United, after losing three of their last five Premier League matches and taking 18 points from 36 since the turn of the year.	Some have speculated that Pellegrini could face the sack at the end of the season.	When asked if he was worried about his future he said:' I do n't think so.	I am not talking about my future because it's not important.	I'm just thinking about the game against Manchester United.'	However, he added:'You never know what will happen in August.	if you ask me I am not afraid because I think we are in a bad moment.	'We are not a disaster, we are not a mess.	We are doing a lot of things well.'	City, who will also be without strike pair Stevan Jovetic (muscle injury) and Wilfried Bony (ankle and knee), will be going for five straight derby wins for the first time in their history against third-placed United who are a point in front.	But Pellegrini refused to say that they were now the biggest club in Manchester.	Eliaquim Mangala (left) could be set to replace Kompany in the team to take on United on Sunday.	Strikers Stevan Jovetic (left) and Wilfried Bony are already out of the Manchester derby through injury.'	I do n't like to compare,' he said.	'Our target is not to compare but to improve in our project.	Pellegrini added that his men were still using a certain ex-United manager as motivation.	'United dominated the league for so many years, but one time Sir Alex Ferguson said the neighbours are disturbing them a little bit more, so I say that's double motivation for us,' he said.
Manchester United's stars trained in the sunshine on Friday as they put together their final plans for their Premier League showdown with rivals Manchester City.	Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action as Louis van Gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on Sunday afternoon.	Also back in action was striker Robin van Persie, who has returned to training after getting injured defeat at Swansea in February.	Manchester United players train in the sunshine ahead of their game against Manchester City on Sunday.	Manager Louis van Gaal (left) oversees the action as captain Wayne Rooney runs with the ball at Aon Training Complex.	Goalkeeper David de Gea (left), winger Angel di Maria (centre) and striker Radamel Falcao in training action.	Striker Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit to play against Manchester City.	Falcao (left) and Antonio Valencia (second right) look in high spirits as they prepare for the derby.	United go into the clash against City ahead of them in the Premier League table for the first time since the Sir Alex Ferguson era, and victory at Old Trafford could see them move four points clear of Manuel Pellegrini's side in fourth.	With seven games to go, the two Manchester sides are battling out with Arsenal for second place in the Premier League, and hoping to stave off any potential surge into the Champions League positions from the likes of Liverpool and Tottenham, who linger in fifth and sixth respectively.	City have won on their last three visits to Old Trafford - the famous 6-1 in 2011/12, 2-1 in 2012/13 and 3-0 last season - which is a run Rooney and Co will be desperately hoping to bring to an end.	Captain Rooney leads the way in training as he runs drills through some cones in the sunshine on Friday in Manchester.	Dutch boss Van Gaal watches on as he prepares his side for his first Manchester derby at Old Trafford.	(Left to right) Rooney, Ashley Young, goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard and Michael Carrick have a quick breather.	(Left to right) Di Maria, Juan Mata, Falcao, Marcos Rojo and Ander Herrera were among the Manchester United stars on show.	Manchester United's captain was the last player to score a winner for Manchester United at home to their rivals, striking a stunning overhead kick past Joe Hart in a 2-1 win on 2011.	You play for Man United, you want to win these derby games,' Rooney told MUTV.	'We want to give United fans something to smile about when they go to work on Monday morning, we want them to be the ones to be able to give out the banter to Manchester City fans at work.'	I think it's a very important game for Manchester United and Manchester City... for the fans and, for me, it's a massive game of pride.'	Rooney (centre) was the last player to score a winner for Manchester United against rivals City at Old Trafford in 2011.	Left back Luke Shaw will be hoping for a recall for the clash after returning to fitness in recent weeks.	Spanish midfielder Herrera will be hoping to continue the fine form that has seen him become one of United's key players recently.	While midfielder Ashley Young is also desperate to bring an end to their wretched recent run against Manchester City.	He said:'We know it will be tough but as long as we can play the way we have shown, especially in the last few games, and add to that, it's going to be a great game and hopefully we will get the three points.	'We want to keep the momentum going and the positive play.	It would be nice (to finish above City) but we are just taking each game as it comes.	It is obviously going to be another tough one against City next week but we will prepare as well as we can do as we always do.'
James McClean's reaction said it all.	As Scott Carson's long, hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play, the talented winger spun in disgust, shook his head and threw open his arms.	Wigan are better than this, and they know it.	They were 2-1 down at that point, two moments of genius from Ross McCormack and Matt Smith the difference.	They rallied to come away from Fulham with a point - it was a night in which new manager Gary Caldwell certainly saw enough to build on - but all at the club know their stay in the Championship is unlikely to be extended beyond May.	It is an infuriating situation, the damage inflicted by an ultimately doomed appointment of Malky Mackay incurable this season.	Fulham captain Scott Parker (right) is hassled for the ball by Wigan's Gaetan Bong (left) at Craven Cottage.	Fulham striker Ross McCormack lets fly with a shot to score his side's opening goal against Wigan on Friday.	The ever industrious Parker (left) dribbles away from the challenge of Wigan's Kim Bo-Kyung (right).	Wigan winger Jermaine Pennant (left) scores a stunning free-kick to level the scores 1-1 against Fulham.	FULHAM (4-4-2): Bettinelli, Grimmer, Turner, Burn, Husband, Hoogland, Tunnicliffe, Parker, Kavanagh (Ruiz 73), Smith (Woodrow 63) McCormack (Stafylidis 94).	Subs not used: Kiraly, Hutchinson, Kacaniklic, Rodallega.	Booked: Burn, Kavanagh.	Scorers: McCormack 4, Smith 35.	WIGAN (4-1-4-1): Carson, Boyce (McCann 70), Maguire, Pearce, Bong, Kvist, Perch, Pennant (Murphy 84), McClean, Kim Bo-kyung, Fortune (Waghorn 57).	Subs not used: Mckay, Ojo, Barnett, Al Habsi.	Scorers: Pennant 22, Pearce 69.	Referee: Mick Russell.	Attendance: 15,994.	Caldwell must hope he has the character to build next year if they do fail to perform the improbable and remain in this division.	Seven points is now the difference, Wigan having played at least a game more than their rivals with just four games to play.	Their band of supporters in one corner of Craven Cottage recognise this is not the fault of Caldwell and are actually excited about what the future may hold.	No Malky, no problem.	But as McClean's annoyance indicates, they are all too aware that this impending relegation should not have been allowed to happen.	The frustration is that their squad is more than capable of challenging under the right guidance, but probably wo n't have the opportunity to do so.	Wigan showed guts and dug in for Caldwell, whose more patient style in possession was referenced by the Latics' official Twitter account midway through this.	It felt like a sly dig to his predecessor.	Matt Smith scores Fulham's second goal to restore their lead against Wigan at Carven Cottage on Friday.	Smith slides to his knees as he celebrates putting the home side back in front in the Championship match.	And to come from behind twice shows qualities they just did not possess under Mackay.	Caldwell, a rugged central defender, will be unhappy with the ease with which McCormack opened the scoring after just four minutes ; Harry Maguire's header was a poor one, straight into the path of Sean Kavanagh, who fed the Scot and he was afforded the time to pick a spot and curl beyond Scott Carson.	In a game lacking genuine chances, there were then two moments of real class.	Firstly Jermaine Pennant levelled for Wigan, bending a wicked 25-yard free-kick away from the despairing Marcus Bettinelli.	He ran the full length of the pitch to celebrate in front of the travelling hundreds.	Wigan utility player James Perch (left) jumps for the ball and is challenged by Fulham's Sean Kavanagh (right).	But anything the winger could do, lanky Smith would match.	Fulham's target man - again in too much space - looked up from the same distance and marvellously clipped over Carson to net just his third goal for the club since a summer move from Leeds.	Those flashes from the front two rather masked what was a disjointed display by the Cottagers, still smarting from their derby humiliation against Brentford last week.	Fans were furious at Kit Symons' lack of tactical imagination, further compounded when Jason Pearce gambled at the back post to equalise for the visitors in the 69th minute.	Smith had been taken off six minutes previously to a chorus of boos and chants of'you do n't know what you're doing' rained down on Symons.	The same when McCormack was hooked for defender Kostas Stafylidis.	Much like against Brentford, Fulham's paying customers did not shirk away from telling him exactly what they thought.	These are testing times for Symons, whose relationship with the fans is at its lowest ebb since he took over earlier this season.	How he must've prayed Scott Parker did n't fluff his lines in stoppage time.	Compare that to Wigan who, even though they will almost definitely join Blackpool in League One, are pulling in the same direction.	Their new chairman David Sharpe, grandson of Dave Whelan, spoke of a long-term vision on appointing Caldwell on Tuesday, and that is something which has galvanised the place.	Had Pennant's late header not been superbly blocked by Dan Burn, the talk might have been of an unlikeliest of survival miracles.	Wigan's Jason Pearce (right) is congratulated by Pennant (left) as he scores the second equaliser for his side.
As well as keeping alive hopes of an unlikely charge to the Premier League title, victory for Arsenal at Turf Moor on Saturday will also ensure Arsene Wenger's men claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season.	The Gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against fierce rivals Tottenham at White Hart Lane on February 7, a run of form which has moved them to second place in the table.	Now just seven points behind leaders Chelsea, Arsenal have a chance to surpass Manchester City's equally impressive run of seven victories in a row this season when they take on relegation-threatened Burnley in Saturday's late kick-off.	Arsenal celebrate last week's 4-1 victory over Liverpool which took their winning streak to seven games.	Victory against Burnley will ensure Arsenal claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season.	Olivier Giroud (centre) and Co celebrate against Newcastle as the Gunners won 2-1 at St James' Park.	Giroud flies through the air as the Frenchman celebrates opening the scoring in the 3-1 win against West Ham.	Alexis Sanchez roars with delight after finding the net as Arsenal defeated QPR 2-1 at Loftus Road last month.	Giroud points to the sky after scoring in the first half of Arsenal's 2-0 victory over Everton at the Emirates.	Santi Cazorla (left) is all smiles after scoring in Arsenal's 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.	Theo Walcott celebrates finding the net against Leicester as Arsenal started their winning streak inFebruary.	City earned maximum points from seven games prior to throwing away a two-goal lead in a 2-2 draw at home to the Clarets on December 28.	With Burnley battling for survival, the Gunners will be wary of a similarly damaging result when they take on Sean Dyche's spirited team in front of the Sky Sports cameras.	But if they do manage to take three points from Turf Moor, Arsenal will still be on target to match their best ever winning streak in the Premier League era by the time the season is over.	The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins, having come out on top in 14 successive games between February and August in 2002.	That run, which was also overseen by Wenger, helped Arsenal beat Liverpool and Manchester United to the 2001-02 title before a draw at West Ham in the second game of the following season ended the streak.	United sit second on the list, having put together a 12-game winning run under Sir Alex Ferguson between March and August 2000.	Their storming end to the 1999-00 campaign ensured the Red Devils comfortably won their sixth Premier League title, with second-placed Arsenal finishing a massive 18 points behind them.	Chelsea's longest winning streak stands at 11 games between April and September in 2009 as interim boss Guus Hiddink and his successor, Carlo Ancelotti, helped the Blues hit top form.	Liverpool put together their best run of form last season as they stormed towards their first Premier League title before faltering in two of their final three games.	Aided by the goals of Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge, Brendan Rodgers' side also managed 11 straight wins between February and April before losing 2-0 at home to Chelsea.	Manchester City were just one victory away from equalling their best run of eight straight wins earlier this season but they could n't quite manage to repeat the feat they managed between December 2013 and January 2014.	The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive victories - winning 14 games to clinch the title in 2002.	Manchester United's winning streak of 12 games helped Sir Alex Ferguson's men to the title in 1999-00.	Chelsea striker Demba Ba slides the ball home at Anfield to end Liverpool's 11-game winning run last season.	Everton also put together their best ever run in the Premier League last season, earning seven wins on the bounce between March and April last year as they tried and failed to break into the top four.	Newcastle won seven straight games in 1996, while Tottenham managed one less in the last three months of 2011.	Aston Villa, Crystal Palace, Southampton, Sunderland and West Ham all have a best winning run of five games in the Premier League era, with Hull, Leicester, Stoke, Swansea and West Brom all managing four victories in succession.	Struggling QPR could do with repeating the three-match winning steak they put together in March 1995, while Burnley's two consecutive victories last November remains their most impressive run.
Patrick Bamford enhanced Middlesbrough's automatic promotion bid by equalling the club's record goal return of the modern era.	Bamford, the on-loan Chelsea forward, struck his 15th of the campaign, to match the tally of Colombian Hamilton Ricard during the 1998-99 Premier League season.	No one has scored more in the 16 intervening years.	His deflected 20th-minute effort was enough to earn victory over relegation-threatened Wigan, who now have just six matches to avert the prospect of playing League One football just two years after shocking Manchester City in the FA Cup final at Wembley.	Middlesbrough striker Patrick Bamford, on loan from Chelsea, scores the opening goal via a deflection.	Bamford celebrates his 17th goal of the season, the fourth that he has scored in his last four games.	Middlesbrough: Konstantopoulos, Kalas, Woodgate, Gibson, Friend, Clayton, Leadbitter, Reach, Bamford, Adomah, Vossen.	Subs: Tiendalli, Amorebieta, Garcia, Tomlin, Ripley, Whitehead, Forshaw.	Wigan: Al Habsi, Boyce, Maguire, Pearce, Bong, Pennant, Perch, Kim, McClean, Clarke, Murphy.	Subs: Carson, McCann, Ojo, Barnett, Fortune, Waghorn, Kvist Jorgensen.	Referee: Stuart Attwell.	Despite being five points adrift of safety, the Lancashire club arrived with an impressive away record, having taken 21 of their 35 points away from the DW Stadium and winning their last four games on the road.	However, no second-tier side have taken more points on their own turf than Middlesbrough and Bamford made it nine victories in 10 attempts at the Riverside.	It was from a classic counter-attack that Aitor Karanka's team took the lead.	A Wigan free-kick invoked panic in the home penalty area as Dimi Konstantopoulos dropped a high ball at the feet of Leon Clarke, whose instinctive prod goalwards then fortuitously struck the Middlesbrough goalkeeper.	But Boro seized on the loose ball and within seconds they had scored.	Adam Clayton's pass utilised Albert Adomah's pace and Boro were lucky when Jelle Vossen's heavy touch from a right-wing cross set up Bamford.	He curled his shot goalward from 20 yards and a slight deflection off Wigan defender Jason Pearce took it beyond the grasp of his goalkeeper Ali Al-Habsi.	Jonathan Woodgate plays the ball out of defence as Middlesbrough looked in control for long periods.	Albert Adomah gets dow the outside of Josh Murphy as Middlesbrough continued their promotion push.	Despite Bamford stealing the limelight, however, Middlesbrough head coach Aitor Karanka praised the effort of his team.	'It was a very important win and performance, especially second half.	The most important thing is to win the games, to rest well and to think about Monday's game,' said Karanka.	'Everything is going to be tighter.	Everyone is playing for something.	Wigan were playing to stay up and I think in all games someone has something to play for, so every game will be difficult.	'Everyone was tired after Bournemouth and there were a lot of games in February and March.	Now after the break our heads are fresh and we have four games in the next two weeks.	'We have experienced players and a lot of games coming up now, Monday and Saturday.	There are six games to go and we need all of the players.	'Patrick scored the goal but there were other players who contributed all around the field.'	Bamford is mobbed by his team-mates after the goal that sent Boro back to the top of the league.	Malky Mackay's side remain adrift in the relegation zone after a third defeat in their last five games.	Wigan pressed hard for an equaliser after the break and it took a strong right hand from Konstantopoulos to keep out substitute Marc-Antoine Fortune's effort just after the hour.	'I'm really disappointed that we did n't get something out of the game,' said Wigan manager Malky Mackay.	'We deserved something.	'Especially in the second half we went toe to toe with Middlesbrough, one of the best teams in the division, and I am disappointed for my players for the courage they showed.'	Adam Clayton brings down James Perch, but Wigan never really threatened to take the points off their hosts.	Things got particularly nervy in injury time when Wigan -- with four up front -- were camped deep in home territory.	Boro had their own chances to seal a more comfortable win but Adomah volleyed wide at the climax of a stunning team move and substitute Lee Tomlin, who coame on for Vossen in the 67th minute, failed to get sufficient contact on a close-range effort seconds after entering the action.	Tomlin wasted another opportunity deep into injury time when he slalomed his way down the field on a breakaway but his shot came off the heel of covering defender Harry Maguire.	But all Boro cared about was the three points.
Manchester City's problems are not confined to the Barclays Premier League.	Over the pond, New York City FC manager Jason Kreis is finding life increasingly difficult following a patchy start to the season which continued on Thursday night as Philadelphia Union snatched a late draw in a match which had been bossed for long periods by the men in sky blue.	The pressure has n't reached Manuel Pellegrini proportions.	It's too early for that.	New York City FC's Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring before his side were pegged back.	Yet Kreis and NYCFC will be under no illusions about the task in hand.	Things need to improve.	And fast.	A superb second half strike from Mehdi Ballouchy looked to have put an end to a run of just one win from the first five matches.	But, as is ever the case in MLS, haphazard defending allowed CJ Sapong to stab in on 86 minutes.	As long as David Villa stays fit - he came off at halftime with a hamstring strain here - and the squad continues to gel, Frank Lampard will arrive here in the summer and join a side who slowly but surely will have adapted to the task in hand by then.	This though was a reminder of how much work needs to be done.	The Big Apple sports fans have been quick to adopt City's plans though it will take more time -- and a more wins -- for the club to really catch light.	They will never, and do n't expect to compare to the might of the Yankees, Knicks, Jets or Giants.	They are sporting titans in a city bursting with stars.	Certainly a look around Yankees Stadium at kick-off was all you needed to see that the initial spike of interest in NYCFC has quickly dimmed.	David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time on Thursday night.	The opening game attendance of over 60,000 seemed like a hazy distant memory.	It's another reminder, not that the club bosses required one, of the desperate need for a permanent football specific home.	But, to be fair, as the game wore on the atmosphere and excitement was enough to leave the attendees wanting more even if the League itself does little to help the product on the pitch.	MLS needs to start acknowledging international breaks like everyone else.	City' s Mix Diskerud, arguably their best player thus far, was unavailable having played for the US in their win over Mexico on Wednesday night while the likes Robbie Keane missed League matches during the last round of Euro 2016 qualifier.	That can not help the progress of the game here.	Another quirk this side of the pond saw Philadelphia lock horns with Kreis' side just four days after beating them at home 2-1.	It's perhaps an attempt to recreate the mini-series of matches like in baseball.	City, though, created nothing of note early on.	David Villa's second MLS strike in Philadelphia had brought his side level before Vincent Nogueira slotted home a late winner yet the Spanish star was feeding off scraps here.	Indeed the chances were falling at the other end of the pitch, Venezuelan striker Fernando Aristeguieta firing just over to keep the stuttering home side firmly on their toes.	Villa sparked into life every time the ball fell at his feet yet his markers were n't giving an inch.	Three surrounded the former Barcelona forward on 25 minutes and after he was ushered out of play, full-back Sheanon Williams needed no invitation to get stuck into the Spaniard by pushing his square in the chest.	New York City have made a slow start to the MLS season, winning just once.	It was handbags at best.	Yet it showed just how wary Union were of Villa's class.	And on 27 minutes, the first moment of magic should have resulted in the opener.	A sweet flick from the 33 year-old beautifully teed up Ballouchy only for the Moroccan to blaze over.	He really should have scored.	It goes without saying that Villa was emphatically the best player on the pitch.	A canny dummy helped split the Philadelphia backline in half but Khiry Shelton could n't get round keeper John McCarthy.	Kreis needed the rest of the team to start performing after the break though.	And, to their credit, they did.	Ned Grabavoy was denied by McCarthy's outstretched leg before Adam Nemec headed wide.	Finally there was some urgency and on 57 minutes, there was a goal.	It was a superb strike by Ballouchy who cut inside with an excellent first touch before curling home.	Philadelphia though, home of Rocky Balboa, stayed strong before delivering that late knock-out blow.	Perhaps Kreis should give Pellegrini a call at some point soon.	Both are enduring tough times.
The title race appears to be over, but what about the fight to stay in the Premier League?	No one is dead and buried and even Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone.	It's extremely close with the delightful benefit that there will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six.	Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in?	Are Leicester too far back?	Burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise?	Have QPR improved enough away from home to take any confidence to Leicester on the final day?	Sportsmail considers the possibilities and delivers a verdict.	Sunderland.	Position: 15th on 29 points.	Jermain Defoe (centre) reinvigorated Sunderland with a stunning strike to beat rivals Newcastle 1-0.	Dick Advocaat is overseeing Sunderland's survival bid as manager until the end of the season.	Seven points split Sunderland in 15th and Leicester in 20th as the battle for Premier League survival heats up.	Predicted results: Five points from seven games.	Crystal Palace (H) - D.	Stoke (A) - D.	Southampton (H) - L.	Everton (A) - L.	Leicester (H) - W.	Arsenal (A) - L.	Chelsea (A) L.	Predicted total: 34 points.	Verdict: Safe.	Their derby win will have done them the world of good, as will the relative comfort of facing three teams in Palace, Stoke and Everton who have very little to play for.	They need to make the most of those initial fixtures because it's highly unlikely that they will get anything out of closing trips to Arsenal and Chelsea.	Aston Villa.	Position: 16th on 29 points.	Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 against Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday.	Tim Sherwood has helped Villa rediscover their scoring touch since replacing Paul Lambert as manager.	Predicted results: Seven points from six games.	Tottenham (A) - L.	Manchester City (A) - L.	Everton (H) - D.	West Ham (H) - W.	Southampton (A) - L.	Burnley (H) - W.	Predicted total: 36 points.	Verdict: Safe.	At this stage of the season and in these circumstances you want winnable home games and that is what Villa have.	However, with only three home wins this season (one less than on the road) they face a challenge.	They ought to be OK, not least because a team that struggled to score under Paul Lambert has improved under Tim Sherwood.	Hull.	Position: 17th on 28 points.	Steve Bruce's Hull are placed perilously above the drop zone in 17th with seven games remaining.	Ahmed Elmohamady will be a key man in Hull's bid to protect their position outside of the relegation zone.	Predicted results: Five points from seven games.	Southampton (A) - L.	Liverpool (H) - D.	Crystal Palace (A) - D.	Arsenal (H) - L.	Burnley (H) - W.	Tottenham (A) - L.	Manchester United (H) - L.	Predicted total: 33 points.	Verdict: Safe.	On goal difference.	The hardest run-in of the lot?	It looks that way and therefore they could cut it awfully fine with regards to survival.	There are two points between them and QPR at the moment, but Hull could have a potentially decisive advantage in the form of their goal difference, which is six better than QPR's.	Their fixtures are simply awful.	Crystal Palace are isolated on that list as a team without major incentive.	QPR.	Position: 18th on 26 points.	Charlie Austin has netted 17 goals in 29 games for QPR and will be vital during his team's difficult run-in.	Chris Ramsey may find QPR's goal difference a big disadvantage, particularly with a tough final seven games.	Predicted results: Seven points from six games.	Chelsea (H) - L.	West Ham (H) - W.	Liverpool (A) - L.	Man City (A) - L.	Newcastle (H) - W.	Leicester (A) - D.	Predicted total: 33 points.	Verdict: Relegated on goal difference.	Three brutally hard fixtures with perhaps a mixed blessing that Liverpool and Manchester City -- games you would expect them to lose anywhere -- are played away.	That places huge emphasis on home games against West Ham and Newcastle, neither of whom are in form nor have much to play for.	It could all come down to the final game of the season, which is away at Leicester.	Chris Ramsey has improved their away form but it is a big ask.	Their poor goal difference in relation to Hull's could be the deciding factor.	Burnley.	Position: 19th on 26 points.	Danny Ings will spearhead Burnley's attack as they attempt to escape the Premier League relegation zone.	Sean Dyche's side have two relegation crunch matches away from home against Hull and Villa.	Predicted results: Six points from seven games.	Arsenal (H) -- L.	Everton (A) - D.	Leicester (H) -- W.	West Ham (A) - D.	Hull (A) - L.	Stoke (H) - D.	Aston Villa (A) - L.	Predicted total: 32 points.	Verdict: Relegated.	On paper they probably have the most straightforward opponents, but have the misfortune of playing two of their most critical fixtures -- against Hull and Villa -- away from Turf Moor.	They have won only once away all season so it would be extremely ambitious to expect them to make hay now, considering four of those seven fixtures are on the road.	Would expect their status to be decided by the final two games.	Leicester.	Position: 20th on 22 points.	Esteban Cambiasso celebrates after an impressive display helped Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 on Saturday.	Nigel Pearson (left) has eight games remaining to get Leicester safe and has five home games to play.	Predicted results: Four points from eight games.	West Brom (A) - L.	Swansea (H) - D.	Burnley (A) - L.	Chelsea (H) - L.	Newcastle (H) - D.	Southampton (H) - D.	Sunderland (A) - L.	QPR (H) - D.	Predicted total: 26 points.	Verdict: Relegated.	As with Burnley, it's not the most intimidating run-in and they do have the most games from which to gain points.	They also have the slight advantage of five fixtures at home.	But 22 points from 30 games so far offers little indication that they will mount any kind of sprint for the line.
Leicester's Premier League forecast has looked gloomy for some considerable time, but Jamie Vardy's stoppage time winner at the Hawthorns suddenly offers a sunnier outlook.	'It was a pretty decent day,' said Vardy (below).	'I go to the racing for a giggle.	Winning the sweepstake was nice but three points was the main thing.'	Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months, cemented to the bottom of the table since November.	Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of Premier League survival.	Vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against West Bromwich Albion.	Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the clash on Saturday.	West Brom (4-4-2): Myhill 5.5 ; Dawson 5, McAuley 5, Lescott 5.5, Brunt 6 ; Gardner 6.5 (Olsson 73, 5), Yacob 6, Fletcher 7, Morrison 6.5 (Sessegnon 85) ; Ideye 5 (Anichebe 60, 5), Berahino 5.	Subs not used: Rose, Wisdom, Baird, McManaman.	Booked: Gardner, Fletcher.	Scorers: Fletcher 8, Gardner 26.	Leicester (4-3-1-2): Schmeichel 6 ; De Laet 4 (Wasilewski 46, 6), Huth 6.5, Morgan 6, Schlupp 6.5 ; Albrighton 6.5, James 6 (King 60, 6), Cambiasso 7 ; Nugent 7 ; Vardy 7.5, Ulloa 6.5 (Mahrez 64, 6).	Subs not used: Schwarzer, Konchesky, Drinkwater, Kramaric.	Booked: Albrighton, Huth.	Scorers: Nugent 20, Huth 80, Vardy 90.	Man of the match: Jamie Vardy.	Referee: Martin Atkinson 6.	But two successive wins give genuine hope of survival with seven games to play, five at home.	Vardy struck a confident tone.	Survival is, after all, in Leicester's hands.	'We've all been running ourselves in the ground and not getting the points we deserve,' said Vardy.	'We've not played bad in any game really.	This just shows what we are capable of.	'We still want to be in this Premier League next year.	We feel like we belong here.	We've never been battered and always given a good account of ourselves.'	Leicester manager Nigel Pearson deserves credit for altering his team at half-time when 2-1 down to goals from Darren Fletcher and Craig Gardner.	Leicester switched to a 3-5-2 formation and flooded men forwards in a bid to add to David Nugent's strike.	Robert Huth found a leveller with 10 minutes to go before Vardy ran from halfway to drill a cracking finish in the first minute of injury time.	Pearson said:'This season we have to make sure our destiny remains with our own results as long as possible.	Whenever that's the case, we have a realistic opportunity.'
Nigel Pearson spent the last quarter of this match pushing his team on from his technical area, clapping, cajoling, instructing.	He has experienced a great escape at the Hawthorns before, in 2005 as assistant to Bryan Robson.	Beyond 90 minutes, Jamie Vardy scored a goal that gave an exhilarating indication another improbable story could yet be told.	Leicester secured their second consecutive Premier League win to bring safety into view for the first time in a long time.	Pearson's side are still bottom, but now just three points behind Hull in 17th.	With seven games to go, five at home, they are still very much in this fight.	Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of Barclays Premier League survival.	Vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against West Brom at The Hawthorns.	The Leicester forward, pictured with Riyad Mahrez, can not hide his delight after scoring what turned out to be the winning goal.	Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the Premier League encounter at The Hawthorns.	WEST BROM (4-4-2): Myhill 5.5 ; Dawson 5, McAuley 5, Lescott 5.5, Brunt 6 ; Gardner 6.5 (Olsson 73mins, 5), Yacob 6, Fletcher 7, Morrison 6.5 (Sessegnon 85) ; Ideye 5 (Anichebe 60, 5), Berahino 5.	Subs not used: Rose, Wisdom, Baird, McManaman.	Booked: Gardner, Fletcher.	LEICESTER (4-3-1-2): Schmeichel 6 ; De Laet 4 (Wasilewski 46, 6), Huth 6.5, Morgan 6, Schlupp 6.5 ; Albrighton 6.5, James 6 (King 60, 6), Cambiasso 7 ; Nugent 7 ; Vardy 7.5, Ulloa 6.5 (Mahrez 64, 6).	Subs not used: Schwarzer, Konchesky, Drinkwater, Kramaric.	Booked: Albrighton.	Referee: Martin Atkinson 6.	Attendance: 26,768.	MoM: Vardy.	Huth put his side back on level terms (pictured) before Vardy's winner - click HERE to see more of our brilliant Match Zone.	Vardy personifies that more than anyone.	In the first minute of added time he bullied Gareth McAuley to gain possession by the halfway line and advanced on goal.	Joleon Lescott was unable to halt him and in a flash the ball was in the net.	Pearson turned to his bench and held both arms aloft.	He had switched to three at the back at the interval and made all his substitutions with half an hour to go, and been vindicated.	Trailing 2-1, Leicester had equalised in the 80th minute when Marc Albrighton delivered a cross that reached David Nugent at the far post.	He hooked the ball back, Marcin Wasilewski won the header and Robert Huth nodded beyond Craig Dawson on the line.	This was a second consecutive home loss to a team in trouble for West Brom, following the 4-1 defeat to Queens Park Rangers.	Former Manchester United midfielder Darren Fletcher scored his first goal since joining West Brom during the January transfer window.	West Brom captain Fletcher leaped above Leicester's defence to open the scoring at The Hawthorns after just eight minutes.	Leicester striker David Nugent cancelled out Fletcher's opener by shooting past West Brom goalkeeper Myhill.	West Brom midfielder Craig Gardner celebrates after scoring during his side's 3-2 defeat against the Premier League's bottom side.	Gardner slides on his knees after putting his side back in the lead during the first half of the Premier League match at The Hawthorns.	It had all begun so brightly for the hosts on a day to honour their late, great striker Jeff Astle, scorer of the winning goal in the 1968 FA Cup.	West Brom looked resplendent in their replica kits from that year, numbered one to 11.	Darren Fletcher paid a fitting tribute with a very good glancing header to Chris Brunt's corner.	Goal-line technology was required to confirm the goal after Esteban Cambiasso cleared.	It was Fletcher's first goal since scoring for Manchester United in November 2012.	Leicester equalised in the 20th minute.	Cambiasso took a long free-kick that Leonardo Ulloa flicked forward for Nugent to stroke in a composed finish.	West Brom went ahead again six minutes later when Craig Gardner's volley deflected off Wes Morgan into the net.	But Leicester struck back impressively and, from nowhere, have genuine hope of survival.	'You never want to come off the field with regrets,' said Pearson.	'If we can maximise that home advantage we have a chance.	I do n't think at any point this season [ the ] players doubted themselves.'	West Brom are not yet safe and face a frightening run-in.	'The first goal is lower-league stuff,' said Pulis.	'The third goal, Gareth's trying to play like a right winger.	You ca n't do that at this level.'	Robert Huth nodded home with 10 minutes left on the clock to help his side launch an emphatic comeback against West Brom.	The Leicester defender, who joined the club in February, is congratulated by his team-mates after making it 2-2 with 10 minutes to go.	Leicester goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel celebrates his side's victory after the final whistle of the Premier League clash.	West Brom paid tribute to Jeff Astle on'Astle Day', the former Baggies striker at the age of 59 in 2002 due.	Baggies striker Saido Berahino wore Astle's No 9 shirt during the Premier League match at The Hawthorns.	West Brom players take to the pitch in a Astle commemorative kit ahead of their Premier League showdown with Leicester.	West Brom fans display an'Astle' banner during the ninth minute to represent the shirt number he wore at The Hawthorns.
It was another momentous night in Barcelona's proud European history, Neymar and Luis Suarez rampaging through Paris Saint-Germain's defence to put one foot in the Champions League semi-finals.	And Barcelona's second of the night, in the 67th minute when Suarez stormed through, nutmegged David Luiz and finished, was their 400th goal in the competition.	The landmark has been achieved in 202 matches since 1992 when the European Champions Clubs' Cup became the modern Champions League we know and love.	The two goals scored by Luis Suarez against PSG took Barcelona past 400 Champions League goals.	Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992.	Barcelona won the quarter-final, first-leg match 3-1 to put themselves in control of the tie.	Barcelona still have a little way to go before they catch Real Madrid's 436 Champions League goals.	Table courtesy of Opta.	However, Barcelona still have a some way to go to match the 436 goals scored in the competition by their great rivals Real Madrid.	The Spanish giants are way out on top in the club scoring charts, with Bayern Munich coming in third with 349 goals and Manchester United fourth with 343.	Over the Champions League years, Barcelona have found the net most against AC Milan (22), followed by Celtic and Chelsea on 18 apiece.	They have scored 17 times against United, Arsenal and Bayer Leverkusen.	And it will come as little surprise that Argentine superstar Lionel Messi is way out in front in the breakdown of Barcelona Champions League scorers with 75, the joint-most in the tournament with Cristiano Ronaldo.	Brazilian star Rivaldo comes in second with 22 goals, followed by Patrick Kluivert (20), Luis Enrique (19) and Samuel Eto'o (16).	To mark Barcelona passing 400 Champions League goals, we take a look at some of the highlights.	Barcelona 4 Manchester United 0 (1994-95 group stage).	A United side hampered by a limit on foreign players had the misfortune to encounter Johan Cruyff's Barcelona'Dream Team' at the wrong time.	Hristo Stoichkov and Romario ran United's makeshift defence ragged in front of 114,000 fans, with the Bulgarian scoring twice and the Brazilian once before Albert Ferrer completed United's humiliation.	Romario fires home Barcelona's second goal in their 1994 rout of Manchester United in the Nou Camp.	Barcelona 5 Chelsea 1 (1999-2000 quarter-final, second leg).	Leading 3-1 from the first leg at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea fancied their chances of getting through ahead of the return.	Rivaldo's deflected free-kick and Luis Figo's goal had erased the deficit by half-time, though Tore Andre Flo put Chelsea back in the box seat.	They were seven minutes from going through when Dani Garcia made it 3-1 and there was still time for Rivaldo to miss a penalty.	Chelsea's defence crumbled in extra-time, another penalty, this time converted by Rivaldo, and a fifth from Patrick Kluivert carried Barcelona through.	Luis Figo curls the ball home during Barcelona's 5-1 win over Chelsea in 2000.	Barcelona 2 Arsenal 1 (2006 final in Paris).	The Champions League triumph that signalled the beginning of Barcelona's golden age.	They needed two goals in the last 14 minutes to overcome the stubborn resistance of Arsenal, who had been reduced to 10 men when Jens Lehmann brought down Samuel Eto'o just 18 minutes in.	The Gunners sensationally took the lead through Sol Campbell's thumping header eight minutes before half-time but could n't hold out as Eto'o and Juliano Belletti sunk them late on.	Captain Carles Puyol lifts the trophy with Ronaldinho after Barcelona's 2006 win over Arsenal.	Barcelona 4 Bayern Munich 0 (2008-09 quarter-final, first leg).	Pep Guardiola's star-studded team showed their Champions League-winning potential with this demolition of Bayern in which all four goals came before half-time.	In no mood to hang around, Lionel Messi opened the scoring after nine minutes and Eto'o added another three minutes later.	A second from Messi and another from Thierry Henry essentially settled the two-legged contest before half-time.	Thierry Henry salutes Samuel Eto'o after rounding off Barcelona's 4-0 rout of Bayern Munich in 2009.	Barcelona 2 Manchester United 0 (2009 final in Rome).	Sir Alex Ferguson's team were going for their second Champions League triumph in a row and had beaten Barcelona in the 2008 semi-finals.	Guardiola's team had other ideas and exacted revenge thanks to a 10th-minute opener from Eto'o and Messi's clincher 20 minutes from time.	It was Barcelona's midfield partnership of Xavi and Andres Iniesta that ran the game.	Lionel Messi (left) and Andres Iniesta parade the European Cup after the 2009 win over Manchester United.	Barcelona 4 Arsenal 1 (2009-10 quarter-final, second leg).	One of Messi's finest performances as the maestro scored four times to demolish Arsenal's Champions League hopes.	With the last-eight tie locked at 2-2 from the first leg, the Nou Camp was stunned when Nicklas Bendtner scored a precious away goal on 18 minutes.	From then on, it was a one-man show.	Messi had equalised within three minutes and had Barcelona in control with another couple before the break, including a sumptuous lob.	A fourth late on made it an emphatic win.	Messi scored four times as Barcelona demolished Arsenal in a 2010 quarter-final.	Real Madrid 0 Barcelona 2 (2010-11 Semi-final, first leg).	This Clasico semi-final in 2011 was a dream come true for all football fans and it was Messi and Barcelona that kept their cool as tempers frayed.	Real hothead Pepe was sent off in the 61st minute and boss Jose Mourinho sent to the Bernabeu stands shortly afterwards for protesting.	Cue Messi to seize control, turning home Ibrahim Afellay's cross and then setting off on a 30-yard run to score the second.	Barcelona pile on Messi after his goal in the Bernabeu semi-final back in 2011.	Barcelona 3 Manchester United 1 (2011 final at Wembley).	Barcelona were unquestionably the best team in Europe at this time and another final triumph over United confirmed this.	At Wembley, Pedro gave them the lead in the 27th minute, only for Wayne Rooney to level shortly afterwards.	But Barca were by far the better team, dominating possession, and it came as little surprise when Messi fired home at the start of the second half.	David Villa made sure 20 minutes from time as Barca claimed a third European Cup in five years.	Pep Guardiola is thrown into the air by Barcelona after their 2011 final win over Manchester United.	Barcelona 7 Bayer Leverkusen 1 (2011-12 last 16, second leg).	Messi raised his game to even greater heights, becoming the first player to score five goals in a Champions League fixture in this seven-goal drubbing of Bayer Leverkusen.	Leading 3-1 from the first leg in Germany, there was little pressure on Barca and their domination was exemplified by their 865 passes in the game to the German side's 217.	Many of them found their way to Messi, who scored twice before half-time and added another three after.	Messi slots home his fourth goal in Barcelona's 7-1 demolition of Bayer Leverkusen in 2012.	Manchester City 0 Barcelona 2 (2013-14 last 16, first leg).	City desperately wanted to make a statement on the European stage but Barcelona had other ideas in this clinical away performance.	The decisive moment came in the 54th minute when Messi was fouled by Martin Demichelis, who was sent off.	Messi dusted himself down to convert the penalty and Dani Alves delivered a late second after swapping passes with Neymar.	Messi converts from the penalty spot in Barcelona's 2-0 win at Manchester City last season.	22 goals - AC Milan.	18 - Celtic, Chelsea.	17 - Manchester United, Bayer Leverkusen, Arsenal.	16 - Panathinaikos, Lyon.	14 - Galatasaray.	13 - Shakhtar Donetsk, Spartak Moscow, Paris Saint-Germain.	10 - Ajax, Stutgart.	9 - Porto, BATE Borisov.	8 - Sporting Lisbon, Werder Bremen, Newcastle United.	75 - Lionel Messi.	22 - Rivaldo.	20 - Patrick Kluivert.	19 - Luis Enrique.	16 - Samuel Eto'o.	15 - Pedro.	14 - Ronaldinho.	11 - Javier Saviola, Xavi.	10 - Andres Iniesta.	8 - Neymar, Thierry Henry, Hristo Stoichkov, David Villa.	7 - Luis Figo, Gerard Pique, own goals.
Utrecht has twelve players on the pitch at one stage during Sunday's 1-1 draw with Ajax at the Stadion Galgenwaard.	No, the home side were n't cheating but instead Utrecht winger Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half.	The referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to Duplan.	Edouard Duplan is spoken to by the referee as Utrecht appear to have twelve players on the pitch against Ajax.	The referee points at substitute Tommy Oar on the field of the play and Duplan appears to realise his mistake.	Duplan makes his way off the pitch and hops over the advertising hoarding to the Utrecht bench on Sunday.	Duplan sees the funny side of mishap and laughs with the bench during Utrecht's 1-1 draw with Ajax.	The Frenchman protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the pitch and soon made his departure.	With a hop over the advertising hoardings, Duplan saw the funny side and attempted to explain the mix-up to his team-mates on the bench.	Having briefly had twelve players on the pitch during the first half, Utrecht ended the game with 10, following Ramon Leeuwin's sending off in the 87th minute.	Leeuwin did n't have the best of afternoon's after putting the ball into his own net to give Ajax the lead before Gevero Markiet equalised for Utrecht with five minutes to go.	Australia international Tommy Oar replaced team-mate Duplan in the 24th minute of the Eredivisie clash.
The days of soft old Arsenal not liking it up'em when they get north of Watford are long gone.	A first-half strike by the outstanding Aaron Ramsey was enough to see off Burnley at an intimidating Turf Moor and record an eighth win in a row by Arsene Wenger's side, the best run since The Invincibles team managed it in 2004.	Arsenal have won at Sunderland, Newcastle, Manchester City and now Burnley, and picked up points at Liverpool and Everton, besides beating Manchester United in the FA Cup at Old Trafford.	The only exception was a 3-2 defeat at Stoke and even then they nearly clawed back a 3-0 deficit.	Aaron Ramsey (right) fires Arsenal into a 1-0 lead in the 12th minute as Arsene Wenger's side fly out of the traps at Turf Moor.	The Welsh midfielder points to the sky as he celebrates putting Arsenal into a early 1-0 lead.	Francis Coquelin (left) celebrates Ramsey's opening goal in front of a disappointing Burnley crowd.	Ramsey is congratulated by Arsenal team-mates Olivier Giroud (left) and Hector Bellerin after his early goal.	Ramsey's goal gave the Gunners a perfect start, but Arsene Wenger's side did n't have it all their own way at Turf Moor.	Burnley (4-3-3): Heaton 6 ; Trippier 7, Duff 5.5, Shackell 6, Mee 6 ; Arfield 6, Jones 6 (Taylor 90), Boyd 5.5 ; Barnes 6, Ings 5.5, Vokes 6.5.	Subs not used: Kightly, Jutkiewicz, Ulvestad, Gilks, Ward, Keane.	Booked: Duff, Mee.	Manager: Sean Dyche.	Arsenal (4-2-3-1): Ospina 7 ; Bellerin 6.5, Mertesacker 6.5, Koscielny 6.5, Monreal 7 ; Coquelin 6.5, Cazorla 6 ; Ramsey 8.5, Ozil 6.5, Sanchez 6.5 (Chambers 90) ; Giroud 6 (Welbeck 82).	Subs not used: Szczesny, Gibbs, Rosicky, Walcott, Flamini.	Goals: Ramsey 12' Manager: Arsene Wenger.	Referee: Mike Dean (Wirral).	Att: TBC.	MOM: Ramsey.	* Player ratings by Joe Bernstein at Turf Moor.	Aaron Ramsey gave Arsenal an early 1-0 lead.	CLICK HERE to see more from our brilliant Match Zone service.	The new-found resolution, built on a base of Laurent Koscielny and Per Mertesacker at the back and Francis Coquelin holding in midfield, has enabled Arsenal to mount a surprising late run for the title.	It is still unlikely given Chelsea are four points ahead and hold two games in hand.	But should Jose Mourinho's men slip up in the first of them on Sunday at QPR, Arsenal will be waiting.	After next weekend's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley, The Gunners host Chelsea at The Emirates.	Wenger seemed as pleased with his side's narrow win in Lancashire as he had done after dismantling Liverpool 4-1 at The Emirates the previous weekend.	'It was more of a fighting performance and many people question us on that side of things so I am pleased,' said the Arsenal manager, whose side also had to contend with a swirling wind in the first half.	'Coquelin contributes to the balance of the team.	He can do things that other players are n't able to.'	Burnley's Kieran Trippier (left) was unable to pull his side level with a 25-yard free-kick shortly after Ramsey's goal.	Alexis Sanchez looks confused after a decision from referee Mike Dean as the Chilean star believes he was fouled.	Mesut Ozil is surrounded by three Burnley players as the German star attacks inside Burnley's half.	To pip his old enemy Mourinho, Wenger knows his side must equal the winning run of his last legendary title-winning team, and then go beyond it.	'We need a perfect run and we a need a non-perfect run from Chelsea.	We can not master that, only our attitude.	'We have won 15 of the last 17 games so we are consistent.	We want to keep winning of course.	It is a challenge for the team.'	An early goal always helps and Arsenal went ahead after 12 minutes.	Mesut Ozil's shot was saved by Tom Heaton, Alexis Sanchez's rebound hit Michael Duff in the face and at the third time of asking Ramsey fired into the roof of the net for his ninth goal of the season.	'An awful goal to concede,' said Dyche, whose side are still in the bottom three but not without hope of beating the drop.	Ramsey was the outsanding performer of the first half appearing to have almost limitless energy.	One passage of play summed it up, one moment he was in the Arsenal wall blocking a David Jones free-kick, the next he was in the Burnley penalty area ready to try and score a second.	Burnley clearly tried to rough Arsenal up a bit.	Ben Mee and Michael Duff were booked, Ashley Barnes sent Hector Bellerin flying in the air.	The home fans thought referee Mike Dean was being a bit soft towards the visitors but Wenger clearly did n't bear Burnley grudges, saying afterwards he hoped The Clarets would stay up.	Gunners midfielder Santi Cazorla (left) is beaten by Burnley's Scott Airfield during the first 45 minutes.	Sam Vokes and Laurent Koscielny take a tumble as the two sides battled it out on Saturday afternoon.	Four thousand Arsenal fans were enjoying themselves and even had the temerity to sing "This is a library" as the normally voiceferous home support were stunned into temporarily silence.	Arsenal's traditional soft-centre has hardened up too.	Laurent Koscielny went crashing into Ashley Barnes when danger threatened though the Frenchman was relieved to see Ospina dive to his right to beat away Kieran Trippier's free-kick.	Burnley left-back Ben Mee then became the game's first booking when he pushed his hand into Ramsey's face to stop the rampant No16.	Santi Carzola then was close to scoring on his 100th Premier League appearance when he went close with a trademark free-kick.	Among the watching spectators was Roy Hodgson though with Arsenal not having a single Englishman in their starting line-up, one hopes he made the journey north to check on Burnley's England under-21 striker Danny Ings.	Arsenal ended the first half in control.	Burnley's repeated fouling gave them a flurry of free-kicks and though the home crowd berated Mike Dean, it was difficult to see what else the official could have done.	Arsenal boss Wenger looks on from the Burnley dugout as his team struggled to build on their 1-0 lead.	Danny Ings goes close with an acrobatic effort which was easily saved by Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina.	Ashley Barnes has a shot as Cazorla looks to block during a rare sight at goal for the Burnley striker.	If Ramsey was the key man of the first half, Coquelin impressed in the second as Burnley belatedly chased an equaliser.	He broke up most things but on the rare occasions he was breached, Burnley fluffed their lines in front of goal.	Scotland international George Boyd, who scored a famous winner against Manchester City last month, miskicked when a cross from Ben Mee from the left found him in front of goal.	England under-21 international Danny Ings then connected with an overhead kick that was saved by David Ospina with his bright orange kit in goal.	At least the Ings effort was something for England manager Roy Hodgson to note down.	He'd travelled to Lancashire to find Arsenal had n't included a single Englishman in their starting line-up and Danny Welbeck was only given eight minutes at the end.	Ospina also saved from Barnes while Welbeck missed a late chance to add to Arsenal's win when he shot wide from Mesut Ozil's pass.	Michael Duff challenges Gunners frontman Giroud in the air as Arsenal look to double their early advantage.	Burnley manager Sean Dyche shouts instructions to his players during the Premier League clash.	French forward Giroud holds off a challenge from George Boyd as Arsenal look to hold onto their 1-0 lead.	'We had moments but you have to take the moments at this level.	It is something we have found all season,' said Dyche, who had some consolation by defeats earlier in the day for relegation rivals Hull City and Sunderland.	Burnley have six matches left and among their fixtures are games against fellow strugglers Leicester City, Hull and Aston Villa.	'In the second half we got on the front foot, went right after them.	And apart from the goal we conceded, I thought we defended really well.	'There was n't a lot in the game and it was close against Manchester City and Chelsea too.	Arsene would have spoken to his players about what to expect here.	'Make no mistake, they have a fine side.	They are bringing on a Danny Welbeck as a # 16million substitute, that's not bad.	'Now we have got six different kinds of games left, edgy games.	There is a less expectation on us than other teams around us so we can play with a bit more freedom.	There is a lot of belief from us going into those games.	We want to be effective enough to win them.'	David Jones looks to get the better of Sanchez during a difficult second half for the Gunners.	England manager Roy Hodgson and England Under 21 boss Gareth Southgate were in attendance at Turf Moor.	Burnley fans get behind their team with a'Made in Britain' sign at Turf Moor on Saturday afternoon.
Momentarily, he looked his age.	Having struck his second shot 163 yards to within six feet of the pin, Jordan Spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green.	History was assured.	He was n't going to three-putt from there, so whatever happened this would be the lowest 36-hole score in the history of the Masters.	He wanted it to be more than that, though.	The best it could be.	The exuberance of youth was kicking in.	Spieth missed.	For the first time around Augusta, he made a mild mis-step.	He wheeled away, hopped a little, almost coltish in his frustration.	He marched back to his ball, prepared to tap it in.	Except it was n't a real tap-in.	There was a bit still to do.	And at that point, Spieth checked.	He stepped away.	He marked his ball.	He let Henrik Stenson play.	He did the sensible thing.	Spieth always does the sensible thing.	That is part of his wonder.	Jordan Spieth walks off the 18th after carding a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130.	Spieth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes, matching the largest halfway lead in Masters history.	Some might think that makes him boring.	It does n't make him boring.	To shoot 14 under, the lowest two-round score at Augusta, and equal to the best 36-hole score recorded at a major championship, is n't boring.	We may be watching a sporting phenomenon.	A performance as breathtaking as Tiger Woods's arrival in 1997.	There will come a time when such comparisons no longer seem like hyperbole.	If Spieth repeats his achievement at the Hero World Challenge in Florida last year, perhaps, when he led from wire to wire and recorded a score of 26 under par.	Those numbers are unlikely though.	As the tournament committee set out ever more fiendish pin placements in the next two days to preserve the dignity of the famous greenery, his scores are bound to fall.	Against that, it will be a lot harder to chase Spieth's total than just maintain it.	Modern courses have, of course, been Tiger-proofed before -- but in the short term Augusta may need to be Spieth-proofed, too, if his scoring stays stable.	This was his sixth round as a professional here and his worst score is level par.	He has been in the top three players in five of those six, too.	'I was a bit out of my comfort zone, at the moment on the 18th,' Spieth confirmed.	'I was going to have to work around Henrik's line -- and I just thought if I step away I am definitely going to make this putt, so that was the only way I could miss.	'I have to work to control those things the next two days.	If I can shoot 14 under then a lot of other players could shoot 14 under, so I have to be ready for that and to match their scores now.	The stress levels can get pretty high.	Still, it's pretty cool any time you can lead the Masters and to set a record is awesome.'	Spieth broke Raymond Floyd's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke and blitzed the first 36 holes.	At the age of 21 and playing in his second Masters, Spieth looks in complete control.	Billy Horschel, Spieth's playing partner, had wished for an imaginary tape recorder at the end of the first day.	Horschel deadpanned that he needed a device that replayed the message'Nice hole, Jordan' as they stood on every tee.	Nothing changed overnight.	Many had Augusta pegged as the venue where Rory McIlroy would complete his personal grand slam in 2015 ; instead, this Masters may go down as the moment where he was placed in the threatening shadow of a young Texan gunslinger, now in the vanguard of an American revival.	Up ahead of Spieth, Ernie Els laboured valiantly to stay in touch.	It was a salutary reminder of the need for good timing in any sporting career.	At the age of 25, as McIlroy is now, Els won his first major, the 1994 US Open.	He was considered capable of dominating the sport for the next decade, and he won it again in 1997.	By that time, however, a 21-year-old called Tiger Woods had announced his arrival at the 1997 Masters.	The era of Els never materialised.	McIlroy may have achieved more and younger than Els, and Spieth may not be the ice-cold winning machine Woods was at his age -- but he has done a damn good impression of one over the first two days.	Already in the record books, Spieth has many more landmarks in sight these next two days.	The record for birdies here stands at 25 from Phil Mickelson ; Spieth already has 15.	His course management was outstanding.	Spieth took Augusta on, yet remained entirely in control.	It helps that he is exceptional, yet strangely unspectacular.	As Graeme McDowell pointed out recently there are better drivers, better chippers, better putters -- and the statistics bear this out -- but none who do all three as well as Spieth.	He might not have the best game ; but he has the most complete.	There were tiny aberrations -- he found the pine straw twice on the back nine -- but they were rare.	Most of the time, he was consistency personified, picking out the best line, the best lie, the most advantageous position on the green.	When he dallied with a bunker on the par-five eighth, his third shot was so perfect that he sunk a two-foot putt for birdie.	Spieth made 15 birdies through two rounds as he blazed his way around the Augusta fairways and greens.	The young Texan pumps a fist to celebrate a birdie on the 13th during his sensational round.	'That was special, even for you,' said Horschel's caddie Micah Fugitt.	It was a masterful display, the work of a wise head not a callow college boy.	It is n't just that Spieth does n't think like a 21-year-old.	At the 15th, a par five and a good birdie opportunity, he sensibly laid up, and then made four.	Even when he missed, he missed cute.	He has absorbed a lot from his mentor Ben Crenshaw, a fellow Texan and Augusta expert.	Asked about'Ben's advice' on Thursday, Spieth sweetly replied:'Do you mean Mr Crenshaw?'	There was n't a hint of irony in his response.	Had he stayed in school, he would be studying for his finals right now.	Instead he is fast approaching # 10m in career earnings and on the brink of a first major.	The next Tiger?	That is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders.	The idea that McIlroy is without a serious challenger has been truly debunked.	When Spieth shot 63 to win the Australian Open at Royal Sydney, the conditions were windy and inhospitable.	McIlroy said he could have played the course a hundred times in those circumstances and not made Spieth's score.	Geoff Ogilvy claimed it may well have been the finest 18 holes of golf seen in Australia.	Where do Spieth's first 36 holes stand in the annals at Augusta?	Ray Floyd played the previous best 36 holes -- 13 under par -- in 1976.	Spieth now has that record, as well as that of the youngest player to hold the 18-hole lead.	Like McIlroy's US Open victory at Congressional in 2011 this could see a grand rewriting of the record books.	He has barely put a foot wrong.	Nice hole, Jordan?	Seriously, dude, name one that was n't.	Spieth recovers from among the trees at 13, and his caddie Michael Greller has to hand it to him (below).
One of Diego Simeone's many managerial mantras -- and there are already enough to fill a volume that would rival Louis van Gaal's Biographie & Vision -- is:'I always think that tomorrow I could be sacked'.	It perfectly illustrates his work ethic and his obsession with guarding against complacency but even he must know that right now no-one is further from the chop than the 44-year-old coach who took Atletico Madrid to the title last season and leads them into the Champions League quarter-final against Real Madrid on Tuesday night.	There was a communal sigh let-out across several boardrooms of top European football clubs two weeks ago when he put pen to paper on a new deal that ties him to the club until 2019.	Diego Simeone shows off his playing skills as he prepare Atletico Madrid for their Champions League clash.	Simeone talks to his squad ahead of Real Madrid's visit on Tuesday night in the quarter final first leg.	Sporting directors from Manchester to Milan were watching his situation carefully and the new four year contract with the option of a fifth season appears to have ended his chances of arriving in Italy or England this summer.	Back home in Madrid the Atletico supporters were delirious at the news.	Never mind that last year's title will not be repeated this season.	The fans have long enough memories to remember how bad things were back in December 2011, before his appointment.	Current Chelsea striker Diego Costa would also remember that period well.	He was just about to return from a cruciate ligament injury that had sidelined him for three months.	The Argentinian manager has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players since joining Atletico.	Simeone has turned Atletico around since joining in December 2011, and recently extended his deal.	His Atletico Madrid team-mates were stagnating under coach Gregorio Manzano and had just been knocked out of the Cup by a third division side, Albacete.	Costa had previously been out on loan at Albacete and had the good grace to go into their dressing-room after the game and congratulate his former team-mates on their giantkilling scalp.	Back in his own dressing room the mood was bleak.	The team were closer to the relegation zone than the European places and Manzano was soon sacked and replaced by Simeone.	Sceptics said his inexperience as a coach in Europe would prevent him succeeding.	Romantics said the former captain and double winner at Atletico would bring back the glory days.	The romantics were right.	Without Costa, who was at first loaned out to Rayo Vallecano, Simeone's Atletico won the Europa League and the European Super Cup.	Costa returned to help them win the Copa del Rey and the league as well as making last season's Champions League final.	That final in Lisbon seemed to put Real back on top in the Spanish capital but Simeone's noisy neighbours have refused to pipe-down.	In the six subsequent matches between the two sides they have not let Real win a single game.	In the two-legged Spanish Super Cup at the start of the season Atletico drew 1-1 in the Bernabeu and beat Real 1-0 in the Calderon.	They then went to the Bernabeu in the league and won 2-1.	Saul scores a brilliant bicycle kick during the 4-0 win over Real at the Vicente Calderon earlier this season.	Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale were unable to do anything to prevent Atletico's dominance in February.	And when the two teams were drawn against each other in the Copa del Rey Atletico won the first leg 2-0 and then drew the second.	Worse was to come for Real Madrid in the League in February when they lost the away fixture 4-0.	This season Atletico Madrid are not going to win the league but no one is ruling out another tilt at the prize they were seconds from winning last season -- leading from Diego Godin's goal until the last minute when Sergio Ramos scored to take the match to extra time.	Atletico players had told anyone who would listen throughout last season that while they did n't give themselves much of a chance in La Liga up against the stronger squads of Real Madrid and Barcelona, they did fancy themselves in the Champions League --'we can beat anyone over two legs' was the message and that still stands.	They showed tremendous resilience to come through against Bayer Leverkusen in the last round with Fernando Torres scoring the last penalty of the shoot-out.	Ronaldo scored the fourth goal in Real Madrid's win over their rivals in last year's Champions League final.	Simeone's players watch on after losing out in Lisbon, but are determined to bounce back this year.	He put through his own net at the weekend in the league typifying that faltering league form and will probably make way for Mario Mandzukic Tuesday.	The battering-ram bought from Bayern in the summer to replace Costa has not always met Simeone's demands for constant pressing of the opposition's defence this season.	After a fall-out with Simone, who in one recent match was visibly furious with his striker, a fragile truce has been called although the likes of PSG's Edinson Cavani and Villarreal's Luciano Vietto are being looked at as replacements for next season.	Mandzukic told his manager recently that he had regularly played through injury and wanted resting.	He was obliged, and now looks set to be brought back in to face Pepe and Sergio Ramos.	Former Bayern Munich striker Mario Mandzukic (behind) is set to start alongside Antoine Griezmann.	Mandzukic has patched up his relationship with Simeone and will play ahead of Fernando Torres on Tuesday.	Tuesday night may well be as much about keeping a clean sheet as scoring.	Ronaldo returns the scene of Madrid's biggest crime this season -- that 4-0 defeat in the league on the day he celebrated his 30th birthday.	Sometimes in training Simeone likes to play a very special game of attack against defence.	He lines up a first team back seven against 14 youth teamers.	He's proud of the first-team defences' ability to keep the ball out of their goal despite being outnumbered two to one.	Whether 14 youth team players amounts to more or less than Gareth Bale, Ronaldo and Karim Benzema is open to debate.	But then again those three were all on the pitch back in February for the 4-0 Atletico win and they never got anywhere near a goal.	Tuesday night is a chance for Real Madrid to avenge that defeat, but it' s also another chance for Simeone to show once again that in the Spanish capital he is the boss.
Barcelona took a major step towards qualification for the last four of the Champions League after they dismantled Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday night.	Sportsmail's ADAM CRAFTON takes a look at five things we learned from Barcelona's emphatic victory.	Super Suarez.	It feels rather strange now but there was a time last summer when we were all wondering whether Luis Suarez - with his penchant for a human-based snack during football matches - was worth all that money for Barcelona.	There can be no question anymore.	It is now 17 goals for the season and Barcelona's front three, spearheaded by Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar is the most in-form in world football.	They are a frightening prospect and Suarez, after three goals in his first 12 games for Barcelona, has hit the high notes at the right time.	He has scored 10 in his last 11 games - including two crucial goals away at Manchester City - and his understanding with his strike partners has elevated this Barcelona side to a new level.	Luis Suarez scores his second of the night to give Barcelona a 3-0 lead in their tie at Paris Saint-Germain.	The former Liverpool forward is mobbed by his Barcelona team-mates after doubling his tally for the evening.	PSG yearn for Zlatan's quality.	Prior to this game, PSG were unbeaten so far this season when playing without Zlatan Ibrahimovic, winning 11 and drawing 5 of the 16 games.	It had developed a view - nourished by that inspiring performance when Ibrahbimovic was sent off at Chelsea - that PSG may be a stronger collective unit without the Swede.	Yet on the grandest occasions, you still require that moment of world-class quality and Laurent Blanc really needed Edinson Cavani to stand tall here.	Zlatan Ibrahimovic, pictured in action on Saturday, missed the game against Barcelona through suspension.	Edinson Cavani failed to deliver the goods for PSG and looked out-of-sorts against Barcelona on Wednesday.	Once more, though, the Uruguayan failed to deliver on the biggest stage.	PSG fans still wince at the memory of his miss against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last season and so often, he leaves you wanting more in these pivotal games.	He was brilliantly denied by a Javier Mascherano challenge in the first half but you sensed he lacked the conviction to really make the most of the opportunity.	He does some wonderful things, moving with pace and intelligence but when faced with a guilt-edged opening, he too often loses that defining ability to remain cool and detached when faced by a goalkeeper and the roar of the crowd.	When bearing down on Mascherano in the first half, he was like a pianist whose timing has deserted him, hesitating and pontificating.	It is now only four goals in 15 games and you can perhaps understand why PSG may be tempted to cash in on him.	Neymar back in form.	After a run of three goals in 10 games, the Brazilian had begun to fade into the shadows a little, particularly when placed against the the brilliance of Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez.	The local rumour mill had begun swirling and there were suggestions - not without foundation - in the Catalan media that Neymar is unhappy with how often he is substituted by his manager.	This was a good response.	He remains such a talent and the opening goal tonight was clinically dispatched and marked his 28th goal of an excellent season.	Messi was pulling the strings as ever but Neymar was the most eye-catching Barcelona forward in the first-half.	Neymar was Barcelona's most eye-catching forward in the first half of their victory against PSG.	Neymar celebrates with Luis Suarez after the Uruguayan scored his first of two goals against PSG.	PSG's Euro home run comes to an end.	This victory for Barcelona brought a shuddering end to PSG's proud unbeaten run at the Parc de Princes in European competition.	Barcelona are the first team to win here in either the Europa League or Champions League since Hapoel Tel-Aviv in 2006 - an undefeated streak that had lasted nine years, yielding 22 wins and 11 draws.	In truth, the victory was rarely in doubt from the first whistle, such was Barcelona's composure and quality on the ball.	Sir Alex Ferguson once described the experience of facing Barcelona's passing game as like being on a'carousel'.	PSG started brightly and for a few moments, it looked like the carousel might have malfunctioned.	But it was no more than a glitch.	PSG hopped on and when the referee finally called time, they staggered off across the fairground, most probably feeling rather sick.	Marquinhos and Yohan Cabaye reflect on PSG's defeat... their first at home in European football since 2006.	Busquets is the midfield maestro.	We have marvelled for years at the gifts of Xavi and Andres Iniesta and while the shielding work of Sergio Busquets has also been appreciated, it does seem as though he has become even more prominent under Luis Enrique.	He reads the game with such intelligence, stepping in with poise and composure to mop up the danger.	Those around him - Iniesta, Rakitic and Xavi add the decoration - but Busquets' consistent brilliance forms the foundations of this Barcelona midfield.	Every team is grateful to its'water-carriers', as Eric Cantona once dubbed Didier Deschamps, but with Busquets in this form, Barcelona could be heading towards the champagne come the end of the season.	Sergio Busquets' consistent brilliance forms the foundations of the Barcelona midfield.
It is not often you hear this said but the goalkeeper really should have scored.	Deep in injury time, with Blackburn's FA Cup journey about to end, Simon Eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball at his feet as it dropped from a jumble of players 12 yards out.	Eastwood, oddly, had time and, even more strangely given the melee in the area, he had space, too.	He had the whole goal to aim at.	He should have scored.	As it happened, his right-foot shot on the turn was struck well enough but it was straight at Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet, who managed to parry the ball and then grab it as it threatened to spin over the line.	We do not blame Eastwood, of course.	He is a goalkeeper.	But he will wake this morning knowing that a peculiar and romantic part in FA Cup folklore could have been his.	Liverpool celebrated a place in the FA Cup semi-finals after beating Blackburn, setting up a Wembley encounter with Aston Villa.	Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.	Jordan Henderson, Kolo Toure and Joe Allen celebrate after Liverpool secured their place in the FA Cup semi-finals.	Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers celebrates with Henderson after his team ousted the Championship outfit.	Blackburn players look dejected while Liverpool celebrate their progression after a hard-fought quarter-final replay.	Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner.	Blackburn defender Matt Kilgallon sinks to the floor at the final whistle after Blackburn's elimination.	Blackburn: Eastwood, Henley, Baptiste, Kilgallon, Olsson, Evans, Williamson, Conway (Gestede 65), Cairney, Marshall, Rhodes.	Subs not used: Nyambe, Spurr, Songo'o, Lenihan, Steele, Mahoney.	Booked: Evans.	Liverpool: Mignolet, Johnson, Lovren, Sakho (Toure 28), Moreno, Henderson, Lucas, Allen, Sterling, Sturridge (Lambert 85), Coutinho.	Subs not used: Jones, Manquillo, Borini, Brannagan, Markovic.	Goals: Coutinho 70.	Referee: Kevin Friend (Leicestershire).	Attendance: 28,415.	Blackburn may not have gone on to win.	They were losing 1-0 at the time and a goal so late on would only have taken them in to extra-time.	Nevertheless, Liverpool will go on to a semi-final date with Aston Villa knowing that they were almost part of one of the great cup stories -- and not in a good way.	Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer had looked ready to celebrate the unlikeliest of goals.	He said:'I think it was more shock that he managed to do that and turn.	It was an unbelievable turn from him, a last roll of the dice.	To have pushed Liverpool like that over two games and still have a chance like that means there's nothing but praise for my players.'	Over the course of the piece, Liverpool deserved their win.	They were not wholly convincing and will need to improve markedly if they are to win this competition or make another desperate late dart towards the Champions League places.	Nevertheless, they dominated the majority of the possession and defended manfully when they had to.	Without their two best defenders -- the suspended pair Emre Can and Martin Skrtel -- Liverpool reverted to a back four and then lost Mamadou Sakho to injury.	However, the makeshift pair of Dejan Lovren and Kolo Toure stepped up and deserve credit.	Toure was wretched in the Barclays Premier League defeat at Arsenal at the weekend but was excellent here.	At times, experience counts for much.	So does timing, of course, and Philippe Countinho's was excellent on Wednesday.	With 20 minutes to go, this was a game that looked as though it may be about to swing towards Blackburn.	Coutinho watches his shot find the bottom corner of the Blackburn goal to give Liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play.	The Brazilian's shot flicks the inside of the far post before nestling in the back of the net at Ewood Park.	Coutinho was mobbed by his team-mates after scoring what proved to be Liverpool's winner in the tie.	Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time, but his shot was saved.	Daniel Sturridge, pictured being closed down by Blackburn's Adam Henley, returned to the Liverpool starting line-up.	Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling tries to elude the challenge from Blackburn's Henley.	Blackburn's Ben Marshall beats Henderson to the ball as he forces a header towards the Liverpool goal.	Reading vs Arsenal.	Sat 18 April, 5.20 pm.	Aston Villa vs Liverpool.	Sunday 19 April, 3pm.	(Both ties to be played at Wembley).	Having just thrown on their big forward Rudy Gestede -- a player who had caused Liverpool so much trouble in the first game a month ago -- the Championship team were beginning to seriously trouble their opponents.	Within a minute of his arrival, Gestede outmuscled Jordan Henderson in the middle of the field and released Tom Cairney, who had to be tackled desperately by Toure.	Then, from the ensuing corner, Mignolet was forced to come and palm the ball away rather desperately under pressure.	For Bowyer and his team, it looked as though the perfect storm was brewing.	Liverpool had enjoyed huge swathes of possession but had most of their approach play floundered against Blackburn's defensive barricades manned by the exceptional Matt Kilgallon and Alex Baptiste.	Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet makes a save onto the post to deny Marshall giving Blackburn the lead.	Blackburn's Tom Cairney is clipped by Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno after evading the Spaniard's challenge.	Now, with the last quarter of the game upon them, Blackburn were scenting blood only for Coutinho to draw their sting with one of the few moments of stardust quality Liverpool managed all night.	Seeing a 70th minute corner come back to him from a defender, Coutinho had the awareness to lay the ball off to Henderson and then make a move towards the return.	It was this that created the space and the rest -- the control and shot across goal in to the corner -- was down purely to confidence, touch and purpose.	These three qualities had been missing from much of Liverpool's play.	Daniel Sturridge, for example, was wretched.	For him every second touch was a tackle and young Raheem Sterling did not do an awful lot better.	Liverpool's Brazilian midfielder Coutinho tries to unlock the Blackburn defence as Kilgallon stands him up.	Toure watches on after Blackburn goalkeeper Eastwood makes a save during the first half at Ewood Park.	Jordan Rhodes attempts a shot at goal in the second half, but it was blocked by Liverpool defender Toure.	Liverpool goalkeeper Mignolet punches the ball clear as Blackburn's Rudy Gestede attempts to head the ball.	Liverpool, though, do have players of high class and when people like Coutinho are around the keys to the jail cell are never far from reach.	Afterwards, Blackburn manager Bowyer did have a complaint to make.	At the start of the second half, Mignolet made a diving save from Cairney and then, from the corner, an even better one from a Ben Marshall header.	Replays showed that the ball may have brushed Joe Allen's arm before it reached the Liverpool goalkeeper.	If it did, though, it did not deviate.	There is no way that referee Kevin Friend could have spotted it.	It would have taken cricket's Hot Spot to reveal the thinnest of outside edges and as such it was hard to feel too much empathy with Bowyer.	Cairney steps away from a challenge from Liverpool midfielder Allen during the quarter-final replay.	Liverpool manager Rodgers and Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer talk in the technical area.	Ewood Park was sold out for the quarter-final replay after the initial tie at Anfield last month ended goalless.	On the whole, his team were excellent.	So, too, were the home crowd who have rather criminally been deprived of nights like this since their club's ownership changed hands four-and-half years ago.	Just as they did in the first game, Blackburn struggled for prolonged possession but still scared Liverpool at times.	Jordan Rhodes, for example, should have scored with a header in the first half.	Liverpool, for their part, lived on half chances.	They are not fluent at the moment.	They are in the last four, though.	Had the goalkeeper taken better aim, it may have been different.
Between the bad behaviour and the bad advice, Raheem Sterling is not exactly endearing himself to potential suitors right now.	Hippy crack and shisha pipes, mixed in with accusations of greed after being encouraged by his agent to reject Liverpool's offer of close to # 100,000-a-week, might not be quite enough to send rival clubs running.	After all, as Liverpool know only too well, you can bite and racially abuse opponents and still secure a move to Barcelona.	But the evidence is sure to be a concern when the world's richest clubs assess the character as much as the class of an individual before parting with the # 40million upwards Liverpool will demand to secure the services of a player like Sterling.	Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe (left) have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.	This is the second time Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days.	The recent images of Sterling will be a concern to clubs considering parting with # 40million to sign the star.	Luis Suarez secured a move to Barcelona despite being involved in a number of incidents on the pitch.	English football would appear to have yet another flawed talent, another player seemingly lacking the wit to make best use of the ability he has been blessed with.	There is a reason why we rarely see the finest players on the planet caught in as compromising a position as Sterling found himself on Monday night.	Becoming as good as Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo -- Gareth Bale even -- requires more than ability alone.	It requires the kind of professionalism and dedication that seems to be absent in English players too often photographed smoking or indulging in legal highs.	As the latest photographs show, this is not an isolated incident and he will be lectured on the dangers of nitrous oxide when he meets with Brendan Rodgers tomorrow.	It is more of a health issue than an image issue for Liverpool's manager, as Sterling did at least opt for the privacy of his own home to suck on a balloon filled with nitrous oxide -- unlike Tottenham's Kyle Walker, for instance.	But Rodgers will also suggest to the unsettled 20-year-old that he needs to select his friends more carefully given the emergence of the video in the first place.	Ibe was also pictured smoking shisha with Sterling in fresh pictures that will further embarrass Liverpool.	It appears that Liverpool stars Sterling and Ibe had a shisha pipe apiece and were also drinking Fanta.	Sterling celebrates after scoring Liverpool's opening goal in Monday night's 2-0 win over Newcastle United.	Becoming as good as Lionel Messi (right) or Cristiano Ronaldo (left) requires more than just ability alone.	He should also heed the warnings of other talented players who have run into such trouble, like Jack Wilshere and Ravel Morrison.	Of course, it will not be the first time Rodgers has questioned Sterling over the company he keeps.	He has publicly criticised the player's agent for his role in the England international's ongoing contract saga -- and with some justification given how badly things have been handled.	But Rodgers' criticism of Aidy Ward is limited to the issues over the contract because he recognises the agent as someone who, at times, has had a positive influence on a young man whose life has not been without its problems.	Ward is credited to some extent with the fact that Sterling actually gives his manager few concerns when he is at work.	He is said to be polite and courteous to the staff, is always punctual and applies himself in training and matches and generally has a smile on his face.	Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.	Ibe and Sterling were wearing casual clothing and pictured inhaling from the lit shisha pipe (bottom right).	Shisha is a water pipe in which flavoured tobacco is roasted with charcoal.	The tobacco smoke passes through a water chamber and is inhaled deeply and slowly.	The flavoured tobacco smells sweet, making it an enjoyable and relaxing experience, according to enthusiasts.	Despite the smoke passing through water, all the risks of smoking a regular cigarette are present -- including respiratory and heart diseases, as well as cancer.	During an hour-long Shisha smoking session, it has been estimated the smoke inhaled is the equivalent of between 100 and 200 cigarettes.	For all the uncertainty over his future, Rodgers and the player have managed to maintain a healthy working relationship.	The relationship between Ward and Sterling is more personal than the typical agent-player dynamic.	They appear to be business partners judging by the company details of Trinity Goals Limited.	While Ward has 80 per cent of the equity, the remaining 20 per cent is divided between Sterling and Arsenal's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.	But Ward has an almost paternal relationship with Sterling, with the player affectionately addressing him as'Uncle Aidy'.	Clearly, Sterling needs that kind of guidance.	His team-mates might joke that he has'more kids than caps' when he admits to one daughter -- he occasionally brings two-year-old Melody Rose into training -- but denies a second child.	But Sterling's own childhood was a difficult one.	Born in Jamaica and raised for the first five years of his life in one of the more deprived districts of Kingston, he would eventually leave with his mother to live on one of the toughest estates in north London in the shadow of Wembley Stadium.	Back in Jamaica, when he was still only nine, the father he claims never to have known was murdered, reportedly shot dead in some kind of gangland ambush.	In London, Sterling had to leave his primary school to attend Vernon House, a school in Neasden for children with behavioural problems.	'As a young kid I had anger issues,' Sterling admitted in a recent interview, although teachers at the school could not speak highly enough of him.	While Chris Beschi once had to warn Sterling he could end up'in prison' if he failed to change his ways, he remembers someone who was'amazingly intelligent in so many ways ; a brilliant thinker'.	Sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend.	Sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as'hippy crack' Beschi told the Mail on Sunday two years ago that he would walk Sterling and his classmates to look at the building site that would soon become the new Wembley.	It proved a source of inspiration, with QPR recruiting him when he was 10.	Steve Gallen, academy director during Sterling's time at QPR, remembers a young player whose'mentality' was'his strongest attribute'.	He also described him as'a coach's dream'.	Gallen also praised Sterling's mother -- Nadine is a nurse -- for her positive influence.	When Sterling moved to Liverpool at 15 he lived in digs with the couple he warmly refers to as his'house parents'.	Eventually, however, Nadine moved to Merseyside, living with her son until around a year ago.	Judging by recent events, she might need to move back in.	Ward should think very carefully before he makes his next move, because the last few weeks have amounted to a PR disaster.	Sterling acknowledges young QPR supporters - the Liverpool star joined the Loftus Road club at the age of 10.	There is nothing wrong with trying to secure the best deal possible for a player.	Particularly when Ward can point to the fact that, right now, a player of Sterling's value to Liverpool is earning roughly # 6m-a - year less than Daniel Sturridge ; # 35,000-a-week compared with # 150,000-a-week.	There was also nothing wrong with activating the trigger clause in Sterling's contract, which entitled him to renegotiate his deal after a number of appearances.	By the end of last year, Liverpool actually thought they had reached an agreement at just shy of # 100,000-a-week.	And if Sterling looks at Sturridge and questions why there is still such a significant shortfall, he probably has a point.	Such a reaction would be no different to other marquee players at top clubs when news emerges of a colleague landing a big deal.	Managers even joke of a queue forming at their office door.	Sterling has cause for complaint because he is a wonderful footballer.	The academy staff at Liverpool consider him the most exciting winger to have come through the club's system and Rodgers has described him as the finest young player in Europe.	Roy Hodgson was so impressed he unleashed him at last summer's World Cup in Brazil, aged just 19.	It is simply the way Ward and Sterling have gone about their business off the field that has been so unpalatable.	The unauthorised interview with the BBC ; an article in the Sunday Times magazine when he said it was an ambition to have his own song'from the Kop'.	The Kop duly obliged on Monday night against Newcastle, informing the scorer of their opening goal that his'agent is a ****'.	Sterling says it is not about the money, that it is about playing Champions League football and winning trophies.	But do n't activate that trigger clause and make out you want a new contract if the real intention is to move to Manchester City, Chelsea or Arsenal.	Do n't take the dispute into the public arena if it's not a pay rise you're after, but a transfer.	Sterling celebrates with Ibe after scoring in Monday's Premier League match at Anfield against Newcastle.	Ibe pictured during Monday night's win over Newcastle, which kept Liverpool in the top four chase.	If Ward's intention is to take Sterling away from Liverpool this summer, the player is not making his job easy right now.	Alarmed by recent events, Arsenal are already thought to be going cold on the idea.	The agent will tell potential suitors not to read too much into the photographs, that Sterling is a good Christian boy who says his prayers every night and rarely, if ever, touches alcohol.	He drives a Range Rover ; an expensive but sensible car.	He was bright enough to buy a house when he was only 18 and generous enough to buy his mother a'beautiful house' back in Jamaica.	Ward might also point out that the mistakes he has made are typical of any other 20-year-old.	Trouble is, Sterling is not like any other 20-year-old.	He is a gifted footballer who needs to ask himself a couple of important questions.	Does he want to be the best?	And if so, is he prepared to make the sacrifices?
At the start of the year the prospect of Manchester United leading rivals Manchester City going into April's derby at Old Trafford looked extremely unlikely.	But Louis van Gaal's side have hit form at the right time, while the current Premier League champions seem to have blown their chances of retaining their title after crushing defeats at Burnley and Crystal Palace.	Since City beat United 1-0 last November, plenty of players have improved, some have faded, while both Van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini have tinkered with their systems.	Here, Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might take shape, choosing the 4-2-3-1 formation both teams seem to favour.	The Manchester United and Manchester City composite Xi ahead of the derby - selected by Sportsmail.	Louis van Gaal (l) and Manuel Pellegrini's (r) sides are in contrasting form going into the Old Trafford clash.	Goalkeeper - David de Gea.	Just gets the gloves ahead of Joe Hart.	A very close call, especially given the Englishman's form over recent weeks, but the athletic Spaniard edges it.	David de Gea edges out Joe Hart for the goalkeeper slot and has been in fine form at Old Trafford this season.	Right back - Pablo Zabaleta.	Form has been patchy this term but is the best right back either club can boast.	Manuel Pellegrini may opt for the more defensive Bacary Sagna, but he should not do so if only so we can see Zabaleta renew acquaintances with Marouane Fellaini, who elbowed him in the face last season.	Pablo Zabaleta has n't been at his best but is the best right back either club can boast at the moment.	Centre back - Vincent Kompany.	Like Zabaleta, not had the best of seasons but remains far above anything United currently have at centre-half.	Should be coming into his best years but appears to be going backwards.	That said, would be some dip in form to see him miss the cut.	Vincent Kompany - pictured looking dejected after the defeat by Crrytal Palace - is still the No 1 choice.	Centre back - Chris Smalling.	Impressive in recent weeks before illness, keeping the likes of Harry Kane and Daniel Sturridge quiet.	Deserves his chance to rectify his derby disaster, when he was red-carded at the Etihad in November.	Chris Smalling was sent off in the last Manchester Derby in November and will be looking to make amends.	Left Back - Gael Clichy.	Both clubs may strengthen at left back in the summer although United will want more from Luke Shaw.	Clichy has done well to keep out Aleksandar Kolarov for long periods and is a better left back than Daley Blind, despite the versatile Dutchman's sterling performances there recently.	Both United and City will be looking to strengthen at left back this summer but for now Gael Clichy is best fit.	Sport analysts BSports are predicting Manchester City are likely to win the derby at Old Trafford.	Centre midfield - Michael Carrick.	Finally getting the recognition he deserves outside of Old Trafford.	At 33 he is excelling at the back of midfield in a quarterback role and has been at the heart of United's revival.	Michael Carrick has been at the heart of Man United's revival - playing in a quarterback position in midfield.	Centre midfield - Ander Herrera.	United's man-of-the-moment finally appears to be on the right side of Van Gaal after a sluggish start.	The box-to-box Spaniard is evidence of the Dutchman's claims that given time to adapt to his methods, his players will succeed.	Ander Herrera is Louis van Gaal's man of the moment and seems to be flourishing in the manager's system.	Attacking midfield - Juan Mata.	March's player of the month is another to flourish after a sluggish opening.	His two goals at Liverpool and understanding with Ander Herrera have helped United launch what looked for a long time like an unlikely assault on second place.	Juan Mata has a fine understanding with Herrera and scored this stunning goal against Liverpool last month.	Attacking midfield - David Silva.	Arguably City's greatest player of all time, the nimble-footed magician drifts effortlessly into the side.	Has remained superb despite the slump and continues to create chances for his suddenly-wasteful team-mates.	David Silva has remained superb despite City's slum and continues to create chances for his team-mates.	Attacking midfield - Wayne Rooney.	The Scouser who loves the Manchester derby.	Has scored 11 times against City and has more goals than anyone else in the long history of this fixture.	Wayne Rooney has scored more goals than anyone in the Manchester Derby and is in good form up front.	Striker - Sergio Aguero.	Another underperformer who should be doing better for City, the Argentine has not scored in his last six matches.	That said, few would bet against him ending that run on enemy territory.	Sergio Aguero is another City underperformer but could end his six-game run without a goal against United.	PLAYER TALLY.	MANCHESTER UNITED - 6.	MANCHESTER CITY - 5.
It is not a match to decide the title, as has been the case in earlier seasons.	But the Manchester derby this Sunday still holds great significance for both clubs, managers and, of course, supporters.	City have won the last four contests between the sides, as well as the previous three at Old Trafford.	A number of intriguing strands run through this coming clash and could be pulled apart on full time.	Here Sportsmail assesses ten key questions and tries to provide some answers.	Can Manuel Pellegrini survive a derby loss?	The word is the Chilean's future will be decided come May when the dust on a creaking season has settled.	Defeat to cross-town rivals would push chairman Khaldoon al Mubarak closer to pressing the termination button though.	It would leave City trailing United by four points and likely to finish fourth, needing to get past a qualifying round to reach to Champions League -- the very minimum requirement.	Manuel Pellegrini (centre) is a man under-pressure at City and a defeat to their rivals is unthinkable.	Who needs the win more?	To that end you would probably have to say City.	A victory would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation, and reignite ambitions to finish second, possible saving Pellegrini from the axe.	United look set to finish in the top four regardless, the baseline attainment for this campaign to be judged satisfactory.	But they will be desperate to alter that current ugly sequence against their noisy neighbours.	United have never lost five in a row to City before.	Three points would begin to make their season look very decent indeed.	Glenn Murray (right) tormented City at Selhurst Park as they dropped out of the Premier League title race.	Would victory dispel any lingering doubts about Louis Van Gaal?	Quite likely.	Three successive wins on the bounce against opposition the stature of Tottenham, Liverpool and City would underline Van Gaal's ability to rise to the big matches and suggest that, after a season of trial, error, and turnstile selections, the plan is coming together.	Those uncertainties around the Dutchman would resurface just as swiftly with defeat of course.	Louis van Gaal has had his critics this season but Manchester United's performances are proving them wrong.	Should Vincent Kompany remain in the City side?	It would be a big call for a game of such size, but the sense that City may be better off without their captain can not be disregarded.	These should be the 29-year-old's peak years but injuries seem to have affected his body and mind.	The Belgian is increasingly prone to errors of judgement.	Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala do not provide the most robust competition but Kompany's appearance in seven losses in 12 games speaks volumes.	Mangala, on the bench against Crystal Palace, has experienced three losses in 24 matches all season.	Vincent Kompany (left) has struggled for form this campaign and could lose his place for the derby.	Where does this rank in English football's biggest games?	Manchester has become a powerhouse of English football through City's ascent.	The city has been home to the Premier League title for the past four seasons, oscillating between Old Trafford and the Etihad.	That will not be the case this year but the rivalry still burns and allied to the global scale of these clubs the match ranks as high as any other, perhaps only beaten by Liverpool-United.	Mario Balotelli (centre) produced one of the most iconic derby moments when he scored at Old Trafford.	Who is the better player right now: Wayne Rooney or Sergio Aguero?	No doubt Aguero is the better striker, his movement, angles for shooting, and goal-scoring record stands testament to that.	But since being shifted to his preferred centre-forward role, Rooney is displaying form that would see him into any side.	He has been approaching his all-action peak and scored seven goals in ten games for club and country, taking his overall season tally to 21.	Aguero has 23 for the campaign, but has failed to find the net in his last six games, a run stretching back to February 24.	At the moment you would have to go for Rooney.	These two love the Manchester derby.	Rooney holds the record for most all-time goals with 11, while Aguero has six in seven.	Wayne Rooney (left) and Sergio Aguero are two of the best forwards in the current Premier League.	How crucial might Michael Carrick be?	His return to the United lineup in the fulcrum role in front of defence has lifted the side considerably.	He has not enjoyed the best returns facing City in recent seasons -- and in the corresponding fixture was asked to play centre-back as a first-half substitute -- but will get more space in his deeper midfield role.	It is unlikely Pellegrini will task anyone with marshalling Carrick, which is how he likes it.	Michael Carrick (left) has become a key player for United over the years and is pivotal for Van Gaal.	Will the real Yaya Toure show up?	You would hope so.	Yaya at the height of his powers in an awesome sight and could prove the difference.	But those flashes have been all too fleeting this season.	Now would be a good time to step up.	Like Kompany, Yaya Toure's form is patchy but he scored a stunning goal against Crystal Palace on Monday.	Will United solve the problem of Angel di Maria?	The team looks balanced right now, with Ashley Young doing nothing to lose his place.	United's record signing has been coming on and providing assists, so Van Gaal is probably inclined to repeat the pattern.	Ultimately, Di Maria must provide more, and will want to, but at this moment he should start on the bench.	Why is kick-off at 4pm?	Police saw no dangers of the late afternoon kick-off time on a Sunday, and have cited previous good behaviour between sets of supporters.	As ever, television dictates the preference and the 4pm slot is prime for viewers.	Angel di Maria has n't quite settled in Manchester but recently has done well when coming off the bench.
It took Louis van Gaal less than a minute of his weekly press conference to burst Manchester United's bubble and re-open some of the more troubling issues of his time in charge at Old Trafford.	The Dutchman wasted no time in revealing that Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will miss the much-anticipated clash with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge through injury.	Four players capable of filling two key positions.	'The worst scenario,' Van Gaal called it.	Wayne Rooney arrives in London ahead of the Chelsea clash while Ashley Young (right) poses with a fan.	Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against Chelsea.	Rooney had been impressing for the Red Devils in his favoured striking role but United have players out.	Michael Carrick (left) limped off against Manchester City while Marcos Rojo (right) picked up an injury too.	Daley Blind (left) and Phil Jones (right) are also out injured for United ahead of their game with Chelsea.	United midfielder Juan Mata posts a picture on his official Instagram of the squad's journey to London.	United boss Louis van Gaal (left) and assistant Ryan Giggs (right) carry their luggage on Friday.	Van Gaal puts his arm around Rooney during a training session earlier this week ahead of Saturday's game.	The uplifting victory in last weekend's Manchester derby has come at a price.	All of a sudden, United's chances of extending an impressive run of six straight Premier League wins by becoming the first top-flight team to win away at Chelsea this season look decidedly slimmer.	Van Gaal must take on his old apprentice Jose Mourinho without either of his two first-choice holding midfielders, Carrick and Blind, and two senior centre-backs in Jones and Rojo.	Blind was hurt in the Manchester derby by a challenge from City skipper Vincent Kompany.	It means that captain Wayne Rooney is likely to be asked to sacrifice himself for the team once again by dropping into midfield -- an issue that both player and manager must have hoped was behind them.	With Robin van Persie not ready to return from injury, that in turn raises the old question about whether Radamel Falcao has the necessary match sharpness to replace Rooney and lead United's attack having not started a game since February.	United striker Robin van Persie has not yet been passed fit enough to return to first-team action.	There remain doubts over Radamel Falcao's ability to fill the void in United's attack against Chelsea.	Luke Shaw is set to take over from Blind at left back despite fitness concerns that have plagued him since his # 28million move from Southampton last summer and led to him being hooked at half-time in the FA Cup defeat by Arsenal last month, not to be seen since.	And then there's the likely choice of replacement for Rojo between Tyler Blackett and Paddy McNair, two young defenders who have not featured since January and February respectively.	Both figured more prominently in the first half of the season when persistent injury problems and experimental formations slowed Van Gaal's progress.	We were back on familiar ground on Friday, the fragility of United's squad all too apparent.	Was he concerned by the lack of playing time among the players he may turn to?	The United boss answered with one of his Dutch sayings.	'Yes, but that's also a truth like a cow,' he said.	'It means a rhetorical question.	You know the answer already.	'There is more balance in the team because I have played the same line-up more.	Luke Shaw (left) looks set to return to the United first-team, while Rooney will drop into midfield.'	I did n't have injuries anymore and now, coincidentally, we have four in two positions where we do n't have any other players.	That's difficult.	'It's the worst scenario because Rojo and Jones are good players at the left central defender position.	Jonny Evans is suspended so we do n't have many choices.	'Luke Shaw has already had more than four or five weeks with no match and I do n't like that.	But we train and I think he is fit enough.	'Blind and Carrick could play the midfield holding position and I do n't have any other option, or I have to play Wayne Rooney in that position again.	I have to puzzle a lot.'	With Chelsea holding an eight-point lead and a game in hand over United, Van Gaal is experienced enough to know that even victory is unlikely to make any difference in the title race.	'It's still possible, I've said that before, but it is not logical,' he added.	'It's more when and if, and I do n't believe in when and if.	I believe in facts.	The fact is that we are behind Chelsea.	'But, all right, we have to play against them and so do Arsenal so we can lay pressure on Chelsea's shoulders.	You never know, you've seen it in previous Premier League seasons.	'They play at home but I think that Chelsea will be satisfied with a draw.'	United midfielder Mata (right) gets ready to play a pass during a club training session on Friday.	Van Gaal, meanwhile, will be satisfied if United hold on to third place and fulfil his primary aim of qualification for the Champions League.	But he made it clear that first place is ultimately all that matters and what drives him on at the age of 63 when financial security is no longer an issue.	'We live for these titles,' he said.	'We are doing this for that.	The only satisfaction you have as a manager is when you win a title.	'When you are second or third you can play Champions League, but a title is more fixed and you have your name on it.	That's why managers are fixated on titles.	When you reach that goal you are happy.	'To be involved in the game with young people to reach a goal, that is why I'm still a manager because I do n't have to work any more -- you can count on that.'
Leigh Griffiths sure knows how to finish.	And, in passing, how to make a point.	Left on the bench for Wednesday night's home clash with Kilmarnock, perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting XI for Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness, the Celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory.	The Treble-chasing reigning champions came from a goal down, inspired by Kris Commons and the second-half introduction of Griffiths, to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the Premiership -- and lifts confidence ahead of their trip to Hampden.	Hat-trick hero Leigh Griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award.	Darryl Westlake's wickedly deflected strike early in the second half had given the visitors a shock lead completely against the run of play -- only for Commons to equalise in spectacular, if contested, fashion eight minutes later.	As good and important as Commons was for Celtic, though, even his performance was overshadowed by the arrival of Griffiths, who simply exploded on to the scene with three goals of supreme quality in less time than it takes for the average warm down.	Rightly named Man of the Match despite playing for just over half an hour, the former Hibs front man eased all the frets and fears of home fans on a night that had looked to be slipping away from their team.	Celtic's Leigh Griffiths (right) completes his hat-trick against Kilmarnock.	Celtic had begun the night with a starting XI looking very much like the team Deila might have been thinking about for Hampden, all things being equal ; leaving Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven, both suspended for the semi-final, on the bench suggested that he was giving his Cup formation a gentle run out.	Against a Kilmarnock team whose ambition rarely threatened to over-reach their ability, there were certainly passages of play that resembled nothing so uncompetitive as a training session.	With Lee Miller plodding along on his lonesome up front and only the pace of left winger Tope Obadeyi carrying even the hint of a threat to the home side, the visitors -- doughty in defence but reliably clumsy on the ball -- were obviously intent on playing a containing game.	Griffiths collects the match ball after his second-half hat trick on Wednesday night.	Maybe, just maybe, they'd catch Celtic sleeping and grab a surprise goal.	And, if not, well, a nil-nil at Parkhead is never a disgrace, right?	The problem for those who turned up in anticipation of a football match was that, however well Celtic played, attack against defence boasts only so much in the way of entertainment value.	James Forrest looked the most obvious outlet for a Celtic breakthrough, the winger scampering down the left and finding space where none should have existed, though too often making the wrong call.	The former Scotland regular might have scored himself with seven minutes on the clock, tearing into the box and receiving an Emilio Izaguirre pass at pace, yet Forrest's first touch was half an ounce heavy -- allowing young Killie captain Lee Ashcroft to make a vital block on his shot.	Substitute Griffiths came off the bench to spark Celtic into life after lacklustre first-half.	It did n't take overly long for the crowd, such as it was on a night when empty seats abounded, to grow frustrated by the home team's inability to get themselves ahead.	Virgil van Dijk loping forward from central defence caused a few stirs of excitement, Stefan Johansen's running beyond lone striker John Guidetti promised at least a possibility or two.	Still space in the final third remained at a premium.	Home skipper Scott Brown should have done a great deal better with an Izaguirre cut-back on the half-hour mark, failing to connect cleanly with the bouncing ball and watching it balloon high and wide of the target.	Would set-pieces, of which there were an increasing number, provide a more productive avenue of attack for Celtic?	Well, big Van Dijk came fairly close with a flashing header from a Commons corner.	In open play, an inability -- or unwillingness -- to let fly continued to be the running theme, one great guddle involving Guidetti and Forrest, neither finding that half yard needed to take a shot inside the box, moving the locals to howls of annoyance.	If they were irked by their heroes showing less than perfect concentration in the art of opening up their opposition, Kilmarnock's opener had the home support in uproar when they took a hugely unexpected lead four minutes into the second half.	Celtic manager Ronny Deila (left) congratulates Griffiths after the final whistle.	Two or three Celtic players had a chance to close down and dispossess Obadeyi as he made ground and tied defenders in on the flank, yet he kept hold of the ball long enough for support to arrive in the shape of Westlake.	Sure, the midfielder's shot took the kind of deflection for which there is no accounting, smacking Jason Denayer and spinning beyond a helpless Craig Gordon.	But failure to apply due diligence at the back definitely contributed to the concession.	Their fans roused and their own pride hurt, Celtic had to muster a quick response.	Step forward the captain, who pounced to nick the ball off the toe of Sammy Clingan -- prompting immediately complaints of a dangerous challenge.	Griffiths was thrown into the fray before the game could be restarted, Forrest making way as Celtic tried to provide Guidetti with more support up front.	As substitutions go, not one of Deila's worst.	Griffiths had been on the park all of six minutes, in fact, when he put Celtic ahead, rising to score with a downward header after Commons had shown excellent skill and vision to drive towards the byeline, beat his man and dig out a cross to the back post.	As soon as they went ahead, the shackles seemed to fall from the limbs of the home players.	Suddenly, they were finding space, making killer passes, creating openings and -- most importantly -- taking shots.	None better than the 25-yarder that Griffiths sent screaming past Craig Samson with 10 minutes remaining, the ball cannoning in off the keeper's right-hand post.	When he was put through behind the defence four minutes later, there was never any doubt about what would happen, the striker finishing low and hard past a shell-shocked Samson.
David Luiz should not play in central defence again after his horror show in PSG's 3-1 defeat against Barcelona, according to former England boss Glenn Hoddle.	The ex-Chelsea defender came off the bench in Wednesday night's Champions League quarter-final first leg and was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals.	Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but Hoddle, who insists that the Brazilian has always been a defensive liability, believes he still showed his naivety even if he was n't fully fit.	Luis Suarez puts the ball through David Luiz's legs on his way to scoring his second goal of the night.	Luiz suffered the same fate when Suarez weaved his way into the box for Barcelona's second goal.	The Brazilian was left with his head in his hands after allowing Suarez a clean run at goal.	Asked about Luiz's defending for Barcelona's third goal, the Sky Sports pundit said:'Even if you're not 100 per cent fit you ca n't show that lack of intent.	'He's the last man on the pitch when Suarez picks the ball up and starts running at him.	He realises he's the last man and the very last thing (you should do) when you're last man is jump in.	You bide time for your team to get around you.	'He does what an eight year old who has n't been coached does.	He tries to win it by putting both of his feet together but when he does that he ca n't move anywhere.	Suarez nutmegs him again.'	Some of Luiz's best performances for PSG - and former club Chelsea - came when he was deployed in a central midfield role with less defensive responsibility, something Hoddle believes manager Laurent Blanc should consider from now on.	Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a'liability at the back' after PSG's defeat.	Luiz defended like an'eight-year-old who has n't been coached' in this challenge, according to Hoddle.	Suarez tucks home the first of his two goals against PSG after nutmegging Luiz with ease.	He added:'For me he's a liability at the back.	He always has been.	You have to find a place (for him) in midfield or even at right back.	'He's a footballer who likes to play in the playground when there's no shape to the game.	He's a talent but that's not what top football is about.'	However Hoddle's fellow pundit, former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry, was quick to point the blame in the direction of Blanc, who chose to introduce the 25-year-old after an injury to Thiago Silva.	Henry said:'If David Luiz was n't fit enough to start the game, why does he come on as a sub after 21 minutes?	Luiz looks dejected after contributing to his side's 3-1 defeat in their Champions League quarter-final first leg.	Jamie Redknapp also admitted that Luiz can be a liability but Thierry Henry questioned the player's fitness.	'From a coaching point of view, why would you put him in?	If he's not fit enough to start, why do you put him in?'	Sportsmail columnist Jamie Redknapp, who was also in the Sky Sports studio, showed some sympathy for Luiz but pointed towards the sheer number of high-profile errors made by the former Benfica man in recent seasons.	Responding to Henry, Redknapp said:' I do agree with you but I've seen him do that every single week in the Premier League.	'That's one of the reasons Chelsea were quick to get rid of him.	Defensively, at times, he's a liability.'
The Bayern Munich squad flew back to Germany on Thursday the day after suffering a surprise defeat by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.	A glum-looking Thomas Muller, Manuel Neuer and Pep Guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to Bavaria after their 3-1 loss at the Estadio Dragao on Wednesday.	The defeat was the price the five-time European champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing, chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said.	Thomas Muller, Xabi Alonso and the rest of the squad get off the bus at the airport before returning to Germany.	A glum-looking Pep Guardiola prepares to board the flight in Portugal with his depleted squad.	Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer and Guardiola make their way on to the plane as they return to Bavaria after defeat.	Bayern, chasing a treble of domestic and European titles, travelled with only 15 outfield players to Portugal for their quarter-final first leg leaving injured Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba, among others, behind.'	I am not prepared to criticise the team,' Rummenigge said in post-midnight banquet.	'There are 13 or 14 players who are at the moment healthy and have been playing three times a week.'	Bayern have been cruising towards the Bundesliga title with a 10-point advantage as the injuries seem to hardly affect them domestically.	Guardiola can not believe it as he sees his side beaten 3-1 by Porto in the quarter-final first leg on Wednesday.	Neuer looks exasperated as the German champions concede their second goal of the game after 10 minutes.	'But there comes a day when you are a little bit tired, when your legs feel heavy and when you lack some of your concentration,' Rummenigge said.	A lack of concentration certainly contributed to the three goals they conceded, each coming from an individual defensive mistake.	What had been for much of the season their strongest asset - Bayern conceded just four goals in their first 17 Bundesliga games - was on Wednesday their Achilles heel.	Jerome Boateng, Xabi Alonso and Dante, all lost possession or control near the box, allowing the Portuguese to score.	Colombian Jackson Martinez rounds Neuer with ease before slotting into an empty net to put Porto 3-1 ahead.	Bayern boss Pep Guardiola looks perplexed as his side fall two goals behind during the early stages of the Champions League clash.	'We imagined it differently,' said keeper Manuel Neuer, who was lucky not to be sent off after bringing down Jackson Martinez for a third-minute penalty.	'We were not confident and did not create scoring chances.	The other problem was the mistakes we made.	You are punished in the Champions League for those.	We know we messed up together but we have to keep going.'	While Bayern are not used to losing, they have every chance to overturn the first leg deficit, with Ribery and possibly Schweinsteiger fit for the return leg in Munich on Tuesday.'	I am not fully dissatisfied with the team,' coach Pep Guardiola said.	'We tried everything but it is not easy against such a physical team.	'It is a complicated result but we will take a shot at it in the return leg and we will not give up that easily.'
With the Premier League season entering its final stretch, focus is now turning to the summer transfer window.	Many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from.	Here are best players who are currently set to leave their Premier League clubs on a free in June.	Manchester City's tenacious, creative and versatile midfielder James Milner could leave as a free agent.	Goalkeeper - Gerhard Tremmel (Swansea).	At 36 years old, he is no spring chicken, but Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side.	Tremmel has played second fiddle to Michel Vorm and then Lukasz Fabianski during his four years at Swansea, but has performed well when called upon in the cup competitions and was in goal when the Swans beat Bradford in the Capital One Cup final two years ago.	Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel, 36, is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups.	Right-back - Glen Johnson (Liverpool).	England's first-choice right-back at the World Cup is still a regular for Liverpool, but he looks almost certain to end his six-year spell at Anfield this summer.	Johnson, who has 54 England caps, is on a bumper deal at the Merseyside club and there seems to be little appetite to keep him on the books.	England's first-choice right-back at the World Cup looks set to leave Liverpool after six years this summer.	Centre-back - Kolo Toure (Liverpool).	Another regular at Liverpool who is still to extend his contract.	Toure kept Cristiano Ronaldo quiet with an excellent display when Real Madrid came to Anfield in November, but the 34-year-old Ivorian lacks consistency and has made some terrible gaffes in his time at the club.	Inconsistency has been Kolo Toure's curse - the 34-year-old Ivorian has produced some howlers at Liverpool.	Centre-back - Ron Vlaar (Aston Villa).	Vlaar performed so well at the World Cup that his omission from the team of the tournament raised a few eyebrows, especially when Thiago Silva was selected ahead of him.	Injury has restricted the Dutchman to 16 appearances for Villa this season.	At 30, he has at least a couple of years left in him yet and will surely be courted by other top-flight teams.	Holland's Ron Vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the World Cup but could leave Aston Villa.	Left-back - Luke Garbutt (Everton).	Everton have been doing everything they can to tie this promising young defender down to a new deal, but he is yet to put pen to paper.	The 21-year-old has played nine times for Everton this year and faces a big battle to displace Leighton Baines so he may fancy a challenge elsewhere.	Everton want to lock the talented 21-year-old Luke Garbutt down for the long term but he's yet to commit.	Right wing - James Milner (Manchester City).	Probably the most high-profile free agent available this summer, Milner has 15 years' worth of top-flight experience to his name and 53 England caps.	Milner is both tenacious and creative, either in the centre of midfield or out wide, and he is still a year off his 30th birthday.	Milner has 15 years in top flight experience, 53 England caps and still is n't 30, so a great buy for someone.	Central midfield - Mikel Arteta (Arsenal).	Named Arsenal captain last summer, but Arteta has not played for the Gunners since November due to injury.	Hard to see him displacing the in-form Francis Coquelin on his return.	May be 33, but still has a good eye for a pass and is also a free-kick specialist.	Mikel Arteta has n't played for Arsenal since November due to injury and will need to displace Francis Coquelin.	Central midfield - Tom Cleverley (Manchester United).	Named captain for a tour match against Roma last summer, Cleverley clearly thought he had a future under new United manager Louis van Gaal.'	I think I'm going to be his type of player,' he said.	But alas, that did not prove to be the case.	The 25-year-old was farmed out on loan to Aston Villa, where he has played 30 times.	He is not wanted back at United.	Villa and Everton are keen to sign the England international.	Unwanted by Manchester United, Aston Villa and Everton want to sign England international Tom Cleverley.	Left wing - Jonas Gutierrez (Newcastle).	Bravely battled back from testicular cancer to return to the Newcastle squad last month, but is no longer wanted by his club.	Will be 32 in the summer, but still a good operator and would prove an inspirational figure to younger players around him.	Testicular cancer survivor Jonas Gutierrez will be an important figure somewhere, even if it is n't Newcastle.	Striker - Danny Ings (Burnley).	One of a number of young English strikers pushing for national selection after scoring nine goals for Burnley this season.	Rumoured to be of interest to Manchester United and their neighbours City, as well as David Moyes' Real Sociedad.	Manchester United and City are said to be interested in Burnley's dangerous striker Danny Ings.	Striker - James Wilson (Manchester United).	Promoted to the first-team squad last summer following a fairytale debut under Ryan Giggs against Hull.	The 19-year-old has played 16 times under Van Gaal, but has struggled to get on the bench recently and despite rumours of a new deal being close, the United academy product is yet to agree terms.	James Wilson, 19, has played 16 times under Louis van Gaal but is now struggling to get on the bench.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to send Real Madrid on their way to a 3-0 victory over Eibar.	It was his 38th league goal of the season and with Manchester United loanee Javier'Chicharito' Hernandez scoring a second this was another win that Real Madrid had wrapped up before half time as they continue their pursuit of leaders Barcelona.	Ronaldo had not scored a free-kick since last March but when Luka Modric was fouled 25-yards out in a central position midway through the first half, he dipped a free-kick through the Eibar wall that bounced just in front of Xabier Irureta.	Cristiano Ronaldo (right) puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead against Eibar with a 21st minute free-kick.	Before the strike against Eibar, Ronaldo had n't scored a La Liga free-kick in over a year.	The Madrid star celebrates his strike with team-mates Isco (centre) and Marcelo (left).	The 30-year-old blows kisses to the Santiago Bernabeu crowd as Madrid take a 1-0 lead.	Real Madrid: Navas, Arbeloa, Varane, Ramos (Pepe 64'), Marcelo (Nacho 65'), Modric (Borges 61'), Illarramendi, Isco, Jese, Hernandez, Ronaldo.	Subs not used: Casillas, Benzema, Carvajal, Munoz Jimenez.	Goals: Ronaldo 21, Hernandez 31', Jese 83' Eibar: Xabier Irureta, Castellano Castro, Anibarro, Rodriguez Navas, Vila Rosello Booked, Fernandez, Garcia, Carrillo (Boateng 77'), Capa, Berjon Perez (Arruabarrena 45'), Lara Grande, Del Moral Fernandez (Piovaccari 66').	Subs not used: Ekiza, Lekic, Minero Fernandez, Jimenez Merlo.	Booked: Arruabarrena, Rosello, Boateng.	Ref: Alejandro Jose Hernandez.	Att: 73,965.	The Eibar goalkeeper was already travelling to his right and when the ball spun like an off-break to the keeper's left he was left floundering at his near post as the ball crossed the line.	Despite his recent poor conversion rate from free-kicks, Madrid's goal machine has now scored 16 goals from direct set-pieces -- only Roberto Carlos can match that in the last 20 years in Spain.	Real Madrid were up against La Liga's smallest club who were playing a league game at the Bernabeu for the first time in their history.	Madrid had Keylor Navas making only his ninth start of the season for the rested Iker Casillas but he was seeing little more of the action that he usually does from the bench in a one-sided first half.	Real could have gone ahead after 16 minutes when Ronaldo tried but failed to make contact with an Alvaro Arbeloa cross with an ambitious bicycle kick.	The rebound came out to Asier Illaramendi but he hit his shot wide.	Ronaldo then forced a corner with a blocked shot and from it Real managed to hit the crossbar, both posts, and had a goal ruled out for offside all inside 10 seconds.	Ronaldo flicked the corner kick on to Sergio Ramos who hit the bar with a header.	The ball rebounded to Isco whose shot hit one post, rolled along the line and hit the other, before coming out to Hernandez.	In the team ahead of the rested Karim Benzema, he scored, but from an offside position.	Javier Hernandez made the most of a rare start for Madrid by doubling Madrid's lead in the 31st minute.	Hernandez watches on as his header beats Eibar goalkeeper Xabier Irureta (left).	It was impossible to come any closer and sure enough Real Madrid scored with their next chance as Ronaldo rammed home that set-piece.	He should have doubled the lead a minute later but just failed to reach Hernandez' cross.	Manchester United's on-loan Mexican has become increasingly frustrated by his lack of chances in Spain.	He will not stay beyond this summer but there will be no shortage of clubs interested in a forward whose strike rate is comfortably inside one goal a game.	On 31 minutes Arbeloa crossed and he angled a clever and powerful header home to make it 2-0.	It was his first goal in the Bernabeu and his fifth for the club.	The Manchester United loanee striker celebrates just his fifth goal in Los Blancos colours.	The Madrid players celebrate Hernandez's header during the 3-0 victory against La Liga minnows Eibar.	Just before half time Marcelo drove forward and laid the ball off to Ronaldo in space.	His fierce low shot forced a fine save from Irureta who had performed well since flapping at that spinning Ronaldo free-kick.	Real coasted through the second half.	They were able to withdraw Modric, Ramos and Marcelo on the hour with thoughts already turning towards Tuesday's Madrid derby Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid.	It was a gamble to make all three changes so early despite the 2-0 advantage and Carlo Ancelotti almost paid for it when on 70 minutes Federico Piovaccari clattered into Pepe who in-turn fell into keeper Navas.	Both the keeper and Pepe, who had come on for Ramos, needed treatment but were able to continue.	Gareth Bale will also be back for Tuesday's Champions League first leg.	He sat this one out as a precaution after taking a knock on the thigh in midweek.	Madrid coped without him and his replacement Jese who scored the third on 83 minutes.	He was quiet throughout in Bale's right wing position but showed strength and skill to work an opening on the right hand edge of the penalty area before burying a shot in Irureta's far corner.	Marcelo jumps over the tackle of Eibar's Borja during the La Liga clash at the Santiago Bernabeu.	Spanish star Jese fired Madrid into a commanding 3-0 lead during the closing stages.	Jese was quiet throughout in Gareth Bale's right wing position but showed strength and skill to score.	Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti shouts instructions to his players during the La Liga clash.
At the meeting in Paris between Pep Guardiola and Roman Abramovich in the summer of 2012, the former Barcelona coach made it clear that he craved stability.	Abramovich's track record with managers had not been good, dispensing with Claudio Ranieri, Jose Mourinho, Avram Grant, Luiz Felipe Scolari, Carlo Ancelotti and Andre Villas-Boas when he raged against results.	Sensibly, Guardiola approached with caution.	At Barcelona, his relationship with successive presidents, Joan Laporta and Sandro Rossell, had fluctuated wildly during Guardiola's hugely successful spell as head coach.	Pep Guardiola, the Bayern Munich coach, craves stability and chooses his clubs based on such assurances.	Bayern's dominance of the German domestic scene means Guardiola may be tempted by a move this summer.	Manuel Pellegrini's position at Manchester City is under threat as they fight for fourth place.	Abramovich had been seduced by Barcelona's football, the 14 titles that the club won during Guardiola's four years in charge before he took off to New York with his family for a year-long sabbatical.	Chelsea's inner circle believed they had finally landed their man and Abramovich began recruiting players in anticipation of his arrival.	Eden Hazard arrived from Lille for # 32m and Oscar from Internacional for # 25m.	Marko Marin, a # 7m capture from Werder Bremen, was another gamble.	Then Abramovich blew the deal by firing his European Cup-winning coach the morning after a catastrophic 3-0 defeat in Turin against Antonio Conte's Juventus.	It turned out to be a painful lesson.	Guardiola was spooked, pulling out of the deal to become Chelsea's next manager the following day and decided instead to succeed Jupp Heynckes at Bayern Munich.	Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in the summer of 2012 - but the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers.	Expecting Guardiola to arrive, Abramovich recruited the likes of Eden Hazard (right) for # 32m.	Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich instead and has maintained their dominance in the Bundesliga.	BARCELONA.	La Liga 2008-09, 2009-10, 2010-11.	Copa del Rey 2008-09, 2011-12.	Supercopa de Espana 2009, 2010, 2011.	UEFA Champions League 2008-09, 2010-11.	UEFA Super Cup 2009, 2011.	FIFA Club World Cup 2009, 2011.	BAYERN MUNICH.	Bundesliga 2013-14.	German Cup 2013-14.	UEFA Super Cup 2013.	FIFA Club World Cup 2013.	This is precisely the scenario that is facing Manchester City as they weigh up what on earth they are going to do with a coach who can no longer motivate his players.	It is an open secret that City want Guardiola to become their next manager, but the indications are that he will not be ready to leave Bayern Munich until 2016, when his three-year contract expires, at the very earliest.	To wait 12 months or more for a manager who will have the top clubs in the Barclays Premier League falling at his feet when he announces that he will leave the Allianz Arena is a dangerous position to be in.	Timing, as ever, is everything.	According to the inside story on Guardiola's first season at Bayern, there is an anecdote in the book Pep Confidential that indicates that he could see himself one day managing Manchester United.	In the same book Guardiola also discloses that Txiki Begiristain, the former Barcelona winger who now works at City as the sporting director, also approached him in the summer of 2012.	To appeal to Guardiola, he demands stability because he knows the training facilities, the stadium, the support and the financial power, through television rights, commercial arrangements and ticketing, is already in place.	To fire Pellegrini with six games left of the Barclays Premier League season would be an admission by City's owners that anything other than the Premier League trophy or the Champions League warrants a dismissal.	City's place in the Premier League top four is under threat from Liverpool and Southampton.	City slipped to a 4-2 loss to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday, leaving them in fourth place.	Pellegrini guided City to the Premier League trophy last season but they've fallen well short this time.	That was Chelsea's game before Mourinho returned, via spells at Inter Milan and Real Madrid, and they lost a lot of goodwill over it.	City felt a mild tremor too when word got out that they were about to fire Roberto Mancini, the manager who led them to their first Premier League title, on the eve of the 2013 FA Cup final against Wigan.	After that, City vowed to be different.	After meekly surrendering their Premier League title and being given another chasing by Barcelona over two legs in the Champions League, it is clear that City have failed to make significant progress under Pellegrini.	The concern now, especially after Liverpool's 2-0 victory over Newcastle on Monday evening, is that the club could yet fall out of the top four.	Even though City appear to have a favourable run-in against West Ham, Aston Villa, Tottenham, QPR and Swansea before the final game of the season against Southampton, there is a contingency plan open to them.	Guardiola holds the European Cup after Barcelona's 3-1 win over Manchester United in the 2011 final.	Guardiola is thrown in the air by his Barcelona players after their 2009 Champions League win.	Patrick Vieira, currently in charge of City's Elite Development Squad, could take charge until May.	Patrick Vieira, currently in charge of City's Elite Development Squad, has the respect of the first-team players and could yet be parachuted in to see the season through.	Fourth place is critical.	The difficulty beyond that scenario is what to do beyond the end of the season because a club with City's ambitions can not limp on for another 12 months in the hope that Guardiola becomes available.	He demands consistency, a stable environment to allow him to work with his players on the training ground, preparing for a match every three days.	That is the cycle for Guardiola at Bayern, picking the bones out of their 3-0 victory over Eintracht Frankfurt at the weekend before moving on to the Champions League quarter-final against Porto in Estadio do Dragao.	He is always looking ahead, much like the chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov after they became friends during Guardiola's year in New York.	For Manchester City, it is down to them to make the next move.
World number one Novak Djokovic eased into the third round of the Monte Carlo Masters with a straight sets victory over qualifier Albert Ramos-Vinolas.	It was a comfortable win for Djokovic who came through 6-1 6-4 and he faces Andreas Haider-Maurer, who defeated Bernard Tomic in three sets, in the next round.	World number seven David Ferrer joined Djokovic in the third round as his opponent Victor Estrella Burgos retired with a shoulder injury with Ferrer leading 6-2 2-0, while 11th seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga got his campaign under way with a 6-4 6-4 victory over Jan-Lennard Struff.	Novak Djokovic comfortably beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas to progress to the third round of Monte Carlo.	Grigor Dmitrov, who like Tsonga was competing in the first round, came through a stern examination to beat Fernando Verdasco 6-4 4-6 6-4.	Gael Monfils also went the distance after coming from a set down to defeat Andrey Kuznetsov 4-6 6-3 6-4 while Gilles Simon overcame wildcard Benjamin Balleret in their first round match.	Jeremy Chardy will face Roger Federer in the third round on Wednesday while Juan Monaco and Lucas Pouille will face Stan Wawrinka and Rafael Nadal respectively after coming through their openers.	David Ferrer is also through after his opponent Victor Estrella Burgos retired with a shoulder problem.	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was given a tough game by Jan-Lennard Struff but he performed well to win 6-4 6-4.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the New Orleans Pelicans earned their first play-off berth since 2011 with a 108-103 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday.	Davis, who'll make his play-off debut against the Golden State Warriors, came through in the waning minutes with two jumpers, two blocks and two rebounds to prevent the Spurs from pulling off a 23-point comeback.	Tyreke Evans had 19 points and 11 assists, and Eric Gordon added 14 points for New Orleans, which had to win to make the post-season because Oklahoma City also won in Minnesota.	The teams finished with identical records, but the Pelicans held the tiebreaker on head-to-head results.	New Orleans Pelicans' playing and coaching staff celebrate after reaching the NBA play-offs on Wednesday.	Anthony Davis (right) had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the Pelicans beat the San Antonio Spurs 108-103.	Jrue Holiday added 11 points, capped by game-sealing free throws with 9.5 seconds left.	Tony Parker had 23 points and Borris Diaw 20 for San Antonio, which needed to win to secure the second seed in the Western Conference playoffs.	The loss ended the Spurs' 11-game winning streak.	Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in the Thunder's 138-113 victory over Minnesota that was rendered moot by New Orleans' play-off-clinching win over San Antonio.	The Thunder needed to a win in the regular-season finale and a loss from the Pelicans to make the playoffs.	Westbrook locked up his first scoring title to hold up his end of the bargain, but the Pelicans beat the Spurs.	That means the Thunder will miss the playoffs for the first time since Westbrook's rookie season in 2008-09.	Oklahoma City's Russell Westrbook (left) scored 37 points in their 138-113 win vs Minnesota Timberwolves.	The Brooklyn Nets clinched the final Eastern Conference playoff spot, beating the Orlando Magic 101-88 and getting help when Memphis knocked off Indiana.	Brooklyn earned the No 8 seed and will visit top-seeded Atlanta on Sunday for their play-off opener.	If Indiana won, the Nets would have missed the post-season for the first time since moving to Brooklyn in 2012.	In Memphis, Tennessee, Marc Gasol had 33 points and 13 rebounds as the Grizzlies downed the Pacers 95-83 to end Indiana's playoff hopes.	Memphis earned the Western Conference's fifth seed with the victory and home-court advantage in a series with fourth-seeded Portland, winners of the Northwest Division.	Over in the East, the Brooklyn Nets are through to the play-offs after beating the Orlando Magic 101-88.	Marc Gasol's (left) 33 points helped condemn the Indiana Pacers to a 95-83 defeat at the Memphis Grizzlies.	The Golden State Warriors finished their best regular season in club history after Klay Thompson scored 25 points before resting in the second half of a 133-126 win over the Denver Nuggets.	Starters on both sides rested most of the game, with the Warriors tuning up for the play-offs and Denver long out of contention.	The biggest developments for Golden State, which secured home-court advantage throughout the play-offs a couple weeks ago, came on the out-of-town scoreboard.	The Houston Rockets downed the Utah Jazz 117-91 after James Harden had 16 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists in just three quarters for his fourth triple-double of the season.	Klay Thompson (right) scored 25 points as the Golden State Warriors beat the Denver Nuggets 133-126.	Tyson Chandler had 22 points and 15 rebounds as the Dallas Mavericks beat the Portland Trail Blazers 114-98, while LeBron James sat out Cleveland's regular-season finale to rest for the play-offs as the Cleveland Cavaliers came back to beat the Washington Wizards 113-108 in overtime.	In other games, Kyle Lowry scored 26 points as the Toronto Raptors finished the regular season with a club record 49th victory, beating the Charlotte Hornetts 92-87, the Chicago Bulls came back to beat the Atlanta Hawks 91-85 and the Boston Celtics defeated the Milwaukee Bucks 105-100.	The Los Angeles Lakers ended then season with their worst record in club history after losing 122-99 to the Sacramento Kings, the Detroit Pistons trounced the New York Knicks 112-90 and the Miami Heat were 105-101 winners over the Philadelphia 76ers.
Ronny Deila hailed ultimate impact sub Leigh Griffiths for his hat-trick performance in Celtic's comeback Premiership win over Kilmarnock.	And then Parkhead manager said the striker's desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI.	Griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a treble that takes Celtic ever closer to a clean sweep of domestic honours, staking an obvious claim to start in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness at Hampden.	Deila, asked if he thought the forward was trying to prove a point, said:'It looks like that - and that's how you're going to do it.	That's what I expect from the other subs as well.	You can be angry but the way to get back into the team is to prove you deserve to play - like Leigh did today.	Ronny Deila celebrates after Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock at Parkhead on Wednesday.	'He was fabulous.	You ca n't do any better than three goals.	His contribution was excellent.	And his left foot?	He could be a kicker in American football -- he'd be very good, I think.	'He's improved a lot in my time here.	He's training well and as a 24-hour athlete he's been getting better and better, even though he eats cakes on the bench sometimes.	But it's just a start -- he needs to keep working on small things and he'll get even more goals.	'He and John Guidetti played well together today and that's something to think about when we play with two strikers.'	Asked if Griffiths is now a certain starter for Sunday, Deila said:'He played very well today so we'll see.'	Deila shakes hands with Leigh Griffiths, who collects the match ball after his hat-trick.	Celtic came back from the loss of a goal early in the second half to crush Killie, Deila saying:'Defensively we were very good for the first 60 minutes, we had the ball all the time and they did n't have a shot on target.	'Our attacking play was too slow, too many square passes and we did n't create anything.	We said at the break we needed to take more risk and get behind them.	With Leigh coming on we had a lot more movement and we opened them up and got our goals.'	Celtic could now win the title against closest rivals Aberdeen on May 10 -- if both teams win all their games beforehand.	But Deila hopes his team wo n't even need to beat the Dons in their own back yard to be crowned champions.	Griffiths completes his hat-trick against Kilmarnock on Wednesday at Parkhead to move eight points clear.	Wednesday's win took Celtic eight points clear with six games remaining.	Should both teams win their remaining league games, an away win at Pittodrie would finish the race.	Yet Deila said:'We could win it before Pittodrie.	Hopefully we will.	It's possible -- if they lose a game and we win we can do that.	'We want to win the title as early as possible and today was a very important win and we're in to a very important week.	If you can get into the last five games eight points ahead we have a very good chance.	'The Parkhead side have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone -- and wo n't play another game on Saturday at 3pm this season.	Substitute Griffiths came off the bench to spark Celtic into life after lacklustre first-half.	If Celtic wrap up the league flag they will be presented with the trophy before their final home game against Inverness Caledonian Thistle on May 24, the final day of the season.	Aberdeen will play St Johnstone in their final game, with the top six completed by a Dundee derby.	The final round of bottom six ties could be held on the night of Friday, May 22.	The team which finishes 11th will be consigned to a two-leg play-off against the winners of the Championship play-off.	With St Mirren 10 points adrift at the foot of the table with just 15 points left to play for, Motherwell will begin their quest to leapfrog Ross County out of the play-off spot with a local Friday night derby against Hamilton.	The Fir Park side face Partick Thistle on the final day of the season, while St Mirren face Hamilton.
Jonny Howson made a triumphant return to Elland Road to nudge Norwich one step closer to the Premier League.	An academy product and Leeds' youngest captain since Billy Bremner before moving to Carrow Road for # 2million in January 2012, Howson marked his first game back at his old club by making the breakthrough in the 57th minute to keep Alex Neil's side in the automatic promotion places.	The 26-year-old had already endured taunts of'cheat' from the home fans after winning a first-half penalty when he was bundled over by current Leeds skipper Liam Cooper.	Jonny Howson (8) refuses to celebrate after putting Norwich ahead early in the second half.	The midfielder smashed home to put his side in control and continue their automatic promotion charge.	Graham Dorrans hammered his spot-kick against the underside of the ball and then wasted another opportunity moments later, although he made amends with Norwich's second goal in injury-time.	Howson struck when Nathan Redmond poked the ball across to him just inside the box, guiding it with the outside of his right foot beyond a despairing Marco Silvestri and inside the far post.	If his celebration was a little muted, the same could not be said for Neil and his staff on the touchline as they sensed a fifth straight win.	Graham Dorrans (right) sealed the tie with a late goal and made up for his late penalty miss.	Leeds XI: Silvestri 6 ; Wootton 6, Bamba 6.5, Cooper 5.5, Byram 6 (Montenegro 85) ; Ngoyi 6 ; Taylor 5 (Antenucci 71, 6), Murphy 6, Mowatt 7, Berardi 6 ; Sharp 7.	Subs: Taylor, Bellusci, Morison, Sloth, Phillips.	Norwich XI: Ruddy 7 ; Olsson 6.5, Bassong 6.5, Martin 6, Whittaker 6 ; Tettey 6 ; Redmond 7 (Hooper 86), Howson 8, Dorrans 6, Hoolahan 6 (E Bennett 80) ; Jerome 6.5.	Subs: Rudd, Grabban, R Bennett, O'Neil, Odjidja-Ofoe.	Scorers: Howson 57, Dorrans 90 +1.	Booked: Olsson, Tettey, Whittaker, Dorrans.	Referee: Michael Jones 6.	Star man: Jonny Howson.	'I think every passing game now is a massive moment,' said the Norwich boss.	'I told the players at half-time that we had three-and-a-half games left.	The next 45 minutes could be the turning point of the season to get us over the line or it could cost us.	'Jonny is a model professional.	I know Leeds mean a lot to him but ultimately he's done his job tonight (Tuesday).'	It still needed a magnificent block by Russell Martin to deny Scott Wootton and John Ruddy's flying save from Alex Mowatt to preserve Norwich's lead before Dorrans made sure of victory, burying his shot from 15 yards after a fine run and cutback from Cameron Jerome.	Leeds head coach Neil Redfearn said:'The ball was a yard out of play so it's a bit harsh on us.'	With Norwich, Bournemouth and Middlesbrough all winning, the pressure is now on Watford to do the same when they visit Nottingham Forest on Wednesday night.	It also raises the stakes even higher when Norwich entertain Middlesbrough at Carrow Road on Friday battling for a # 120m ticket to the top-flight.	Dorrans (centre) smashed a first half penalty against the crossbar but later spared his blushes.	Luke Murphy (left) attempts to tackle Nathan Redmond during the first half in the Championship clash.	'Each game gets bigger and bigger, and for us and Middlesbrough, it wo n't get much bigger than this game on Friday night,' said Neil, who kept his players in the north to prepare for this game after they snatched an injury-time winner at Bolton on Saturday.	'My mindset before the game is that we do our job, we do n't pay attention to others.	With all three of us winning tonight, Watford have got a job to do tomorrow but that's for them to worry about.	'We've worked so hard to get here.	It's not easy.	The games are coming thick and fast, and mentally it's tough.	But we're well up for the challenge, this is what you're in football for.	'Looking at Bolton and Leeds, on paper, they were two extremely difficult games and the fact we've managed to pick up six points says a huge amount about the character in the squad.'	Murphy fires a free-kick into the Norwich wall as Leeds lost their fourth game in five in the Championship.
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero struck early on against Manchester United, even though City's eventual defeat was good news for Liverpool.	Argentine striker Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford, and his controversial former City team-mate took the opportunity to lay into his biggest rivals from his time at the Etihad Stadium and at Anfield.	Balotelli tweeted:'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!!	1-0 OLD TRAFFORD... Stand up and shut up.'	Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City scored early on in the Manchester derby.	Balotelli tweeted:'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!!	1-0 OLD TRAFFORD... Stand up and shut up.'	Sergio Aguero struck after eight minutes to give City the lead but they were blitzed by United in a 4-2 loss.	Despite Balotelli's gloating, the defeat for City is actually more beneficial to his Liverpool side.	While United's blitz of City went on to leave the Italian red-faced anyway, the fact that a defeat for the champions was beneficial for his current club will not have gone unnoticed either.	Instead, Balotelli seemed to throw his weight behind his former employers rather than clinging on to Liverpool's slim hopes of Champions League qualification that look like they will only open up if City's slump continues.	Liverpool - and Balotelli - face Newcastle United on Monday night with the chance of closing the gap on City in fourth to four points in the Barclays Premier League.	Controversial striker Balotelli listens in as Brendan Rodgers talks his team through a training session.	Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday clinging to their top four hopes.	And with Manuel Pellegrini's side having lost six of their last eight in all competitions the Anfield club maintain a small chance of taking a top four place, even if it is n't at the top of Balotelli's list of priorities.	The 24-year-old has had his run-ins with the red half of Manchester before, famously celebrating a goal with his'Why always me' shirt at Old Trafford in 2011 and clashing with Rio Ferdinand after a win over United at Wembley in the same year.
It's that time of year when football managers double as mathematicians.	With points running out and prizes at a premium, they're praying the calculator tells them the dream is still alive.	But for those at the top of a claustrophobic Championship, the maths is simple -- win every game or risk missing out on a potential # 120million payday.	Two points separate four teams, with four games remaining.	To drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Barclays Premier League.	Middlesbrough were top on Good Friday but are fourth going into the visit of Wolves.	Aitor Karanka is not wasting his time on permutations.	Lee Tomlin (centre) fires Middlesbrough 1-0 ahead against Rotherham United in the Championship match.	Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka (right) is targeting wins from all of his side's remaining fixtures this season.	'We have to win our games,' said the Spaniard.'	I think by winning four games we will get promotion, but it is very difficult.	We have to forget the other teams and just concentrate on our games.'	Wolves are seven points behind Boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference after Saturday's 2-1 defeat to Midlands rivals Birmingham.	And head coach Kenny Jackett admits they have played must-win games for a while.	He said:'It seems to have been that way for about three months, where we have been chasing.	'We have been working hard to make sure the sides at the top do n't get away.	It's good we're in this position.	We want to be a Premier League club.'	Callum Wilson (left) is congratulated after scoring his side's second goal against Brighton in their last game.	Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe insists that his side are not getting carried away at the top of the table.	The Championship leaders Bournemouth travel to Reading.	And the message from Eddie Howe to his team is very much:'Do n't get ahead of yourselves'.	'With every win, we take it away from some of the teams that have been challenging all season, but I still think it is anyone's,' said Howe.	'We have to focus on every game, not get complacent, and remember that this league has a habit of throwing up surprises.	We want to make sure that we stay strong until the end.'	Norwich are the division's form team having won four on the spin and, ahead of their trip to Leeds, manager Alex Neil said:'My job is simple.	I said it before (Saturday's 2-1 win at Bolton) we had five left and we had to win every one.	Now we have four it's the same.'	Bolton Wanderers' Josh Vela (left) and Norwich City's Nathan Redmond (right) battle for the ball.	Watford are the team sandwiched in third and they have the benefit of seeing how their rivals perform before they take on Nottingham Forest at the City Ground on Wednesday.	The leading quartet could all guarantee their place in the play-offs at least with midweek victories.	But for the chasing pack, four must go into two.	Derby, Ipswich, Brentford and Wolves are within just one point of each other and must produce title-winning form between now and May 2 to be sure of post-season participation.	Meanwhile, matters at the bottom of the table have been complicated after Rotherham were charged yesterday with fielding an ineligible player.	Derby loanee Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday but there is confusion as to whether the defender had already been recalled.	Rotherham are seven points above the drop zone and will nervously await the outcome of their FA hearing, especially if Millwall -- with a game in hand -- narrow that gap to four with victory over fellow strugglers Wigan.	Elsewhere in the Football League this week, Bristol City will be Championship-bound with a win at Bradford City, while Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's Burton Albion side and Shrewsbury could leave League Two behind them if they triumph against Carlisle and Bury respectively -- and other results go their way.	Derby County striker Darren Bent turns to celebrate scoring a late equaliser against Brentford.
It proved too much too soon for Paris Saint-Germain's David Luiz as the Brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain Thiago Silva in the first half against Barcelona.	What ensued was a night to forget for the former Chelsea man as he encountered ex-Liverpool ace Luis Suarez in an especially audacious mood for the Catalans, who take a 3-1 lead to the Nou Camp after the Uruguayan's deadly double.	With his side already 1-0 down through the imposing combination of Lionel Messi and Neymar, the night went from bad to worse when Luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes.	Luis Suarez torments a less-than-fit David Luiz on a night to forget at Parc des Princes for the Brazilian.	Suarez celebrates as he scores a double in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday night.	A handful for any defender in the world at the best of times, let alone one not fully fit after a hamstring problem and thrust into the Champions League cauldron, a rampant Suarez scored an impressive double at Luiz's expense.	Unfortunately for Luiz, both of the Uruguayans goals came about after Suarez cheekily nutmegged him and, unsurprisingly, internet jokers had a field day.	Standing tall or rooted to the ground?	This web jokester likens Luiz to Paris's famous Eiffel Tower.	This is just nuts!	Luiz holds a superimposed jar of Nutella in front of a Parisian skyline in another meme.	Luiz is spared in this one as the PSG badge takes centre stage.	Familiar faces went head-to-head as ex-Chelsea defender Luiz met ex-Liverpool star Suarez - Keanu Reeves' Neo from the Matrix films had the words - in French no less - to say it all.
Only after the fourth goal had been scored, only after this derby demolition had been completed, did Louis van Gaal turn to the most expensive player in English football and the player who commands the highest wages.	Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were little more than fresh legs here on Sunday, and any success Van Gaal has enjoyed in his first season at Old Trafford needs to be measured against the difficulties two phenomenally talented players have endured.	But it also a measure of the qualities the Dutchman possesses that players with only a fraction of their ability are not just keeping them out of the side, but are performing as well as this.	Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal on Sunday.	Argentine # 60m man Di Maria came on for Juan Mata in the 81st minute at Old Trafford.	Falcao replaced Belgian Marouane Fellaini with seven minutes to play in the win over Manchester City.	A sixth successive Premier League victory that cements United in third place owes much to the revival of Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata and the progress being made by Chris Smalling and Phil Jones.	David Moyes once said Smalling and Jones were good enough to become England's central defensive pairing and Roy Hodgson, a spectator here on Sunday, is sure to be encouraged by their rate of development.	In Young, Fellaini and Mata the transformation has been most startling, however, and credit has to go to Van Gaal for the way he has managed three players who were so central to the downfall of Moyes 12 months ago.	In fairness to Fellaini, and indeed Moyes, the Belgian just needed time to make the transition from Everton to United.	In fairness to Mata, he probably needed time, too, after being ejected from Chelsea by Jose Mourinho.	Ashley Young celebrates after bringing Manchester United level having earlier trailed.	But Young is a triumph for the style of leadership Van Gaal has long been recognised for: his ability to work with players on a personal basis as well as part of a collective.	Even Van Gaal's critics recognise the skills that also made him a fine schoolteacher when he was supplementing his income as a poorly paid player in Holland with a career in education.	He is clearly very good at restoring confidence and inspiring an individual, with Young finally looking like the player Martin O'Neill used to admire so much.	Young, one of five Englishmen in United's outfield 10, was the outstanding player in this hugely entertaining contest, scoring the equaliser that quickly cancelled out Sergio Aguero's opener, as well as providing the assists for Fellaini and Smalling, but more to the point, responding most effectively to what, presumably, were his manager's instructions.	Fellaini headed in at the far post to give Manchester United the lead and continue his fine recent form.	Mata slots under Joe Hart to extend Manchester United's lead to 3-1 early in the second half.	Van Gaal would have seen how vulnerable City were to the aerial threat posed by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday and it was Young who delivered the crosses that enabled United's tallest players to punish them again, on both occasions with headers.	Exactly why the issue had not been addressed by Manuel Pellegrini is anybody's guess.	But if this game highlighted the skills of Van Gaal, it also illustrated where City's beleaguered manager has fallen short this season.	While United are in the ascendancy, Pellegrini has overseen a period of decline for a stuttering City side.	While United are now celebrating the renaissance of players like Young, Pellegrini faces the question of what on earth has happened to a side who were so superior to United a year ago.	Chris Smalling headed in a free-kick to score Manchester United's fourth goal in the derby.	England manager Roy Hodgson watched the Manchester derby from the stands at Old Trafford.	5 - Games lost by City in 2015, one more than the whole of 2014.	13 - City's position in the Premier League form table after losing four and winning two of his last six.	4 - The first time since losing 4-3 to United in 2009 that City have conceded four in the league.	9 - City have nine points fewer than they did at this stage last season.	70.8 - City's pass completion rate percentage at Old Trafford was their worst of the season.	It was a 3-0 win at Old Trafford that effectively finished Moyes at United, with the eventual champions moving 15 points clear of their neighbours that day with two games to spare.	But this game was a microcosm of City's season: a decent start, marked by that first Aguero goal, and then a period of steady, draining decline.	Since the turn of the year City have collected just 18 points from 13 games.	Compare that to United, who have taken 29 from the same number of matches.	Pellegrini was honest enough to admit that they have thrown away their title defence with the'garbage' but the real garbage is on the pitch, in the form of some truly inept performances.	Not least away from home.	If Pellegrini had a desire to'continue being noisy' and extend a period of dominance over their neighbours to a fifth league meeting, the evidence on Sunday would suggest it was not shared by his players.	They were a poor imitation of the side that so impressed here last year.	Nothing like the champions of England.	Louis van Gaal shakes hands with his opposite number Manuel Pellegrini after the final whistle.	Manchester United boss Van Gaal thanked supporters for their patience after Sunday's victory.	Manchester City boss Pellegrini has come under increasing pressure after a dismal second half of the season.	Compared to Chelsea, United are some way short of the best in England too and both clubs will need to invest heavily again this summer to close that gap.	But this morning United and City appear to be travelling in opposite directions, one on the rise and the other entering another period of upheaval.	Vincent Kompany blames financial fair play but overlooks the fact that Pellegrini has actually spent more than # 75million since last summer.	Just as he ignores that the problem is closer to home ; that he is chief among players operating on restricted power.	At Old Trafford the drop in standards at City was obvious to all, and probably explained why the atmosphere was electric.	United's supporters are enjoying seeing City suffer as much as they are now beginning to appreciate the leadership of Van Gaal.	His management has taken on an almost magical quality.	Judging by the fact that he can keep his two most expensive players on the bench for 80-odd minutes and nobody even notices.
Alastair Cook must somehow shut out the deafening noise enveloping English cricket and concentrate on what has become one of the most important Test series of his career.	Defeat against West Indies in a three-Test battle that begins here on Monday is simply unthinkable for an England captain who is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him.	There has been so much happening, from the demise of Paul Downton, to speculation surrounding the new director of cricket and the ever-present spectre of Kevin Pietersen, that the imminent first Test has barely registered.	Alastair Cook in the nets ahead of the first Test in the West Indies of a vitally important series for his career.	Cook and his England team-mates share a few words in practice ahead of the first Test on Monday.	West Indies (probable): K Braithwaite, Smith, Samuels, Chanderpaul, Darren Bravo, Blackwood, Ramdin (captain and wkt), Holder, Benn, Taylor, Roach.	England (probable): Cook (captain), Trott, Ballance, Bell, Root, Stokes, Buttler (wkt), Jordan, Broad, Tredwell, Anderson.	Umpires: Steve Davis (Australia) and Billy Bowden (New Zealand).	TV umpire: Bruce Oxenford (Australia).	Match referee: Andy Pycroft (Zimbabwe).	TV and RADIO: LIVE Sky Sports 2 (from 2.30 pm) and BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra (from 2.45 pm).	Chance of showers on all five days and strong cross-wind throughout which will affect bowling and make reverse swing crucial.	26 °C.	Yet Cook knows that he, and coach Peter Moores, can afford no slip-ups in what should be the least taxing assignment of England's ridiculous schedule of 17 Tests in the next nine months.	In less chaotic times Jimmy Anderson's 100th Test appearance and his chances of securing the four victims he needs to overtake Sir Ian Botham and become England's leading Test wicket-taker would dominate the agenda.	Equally, the return of Jonathan Trott, who looks set to open with Cook, 18 months after he left England's Ashes tour in a state of turmoil is a significant development that has virtually passed under the radar.	Instead all eyes are on the duo whose futures are in the balance with an arch-critic of both, Michael Vaughan, favourite to become supremo even though he has played down his links to the job.	Cook has seemed relaxed in his first week in the Caribbean and looked in good touch while scoring a hundred against St Kitts with the slightly altered stance he has been working on with Graham Gooch.	Cook (left) and coach Peter Moores (right) know they ca n't afford any slip-ups in the Caribbean this month.	Cook has slightly altered his batting stance after working with Graham Gooch in his enforced off-season.	He made three half centuries in his last four Test innings against India last summer while leading England to three successive victories, yet the disaster of a World Cup that went on without him has heaped pressure back on his side.	That pressure can only have been increased by the somehow inevitable news that Pietersen had smashed a huge century on his return to the domestic game with Surrey yesterday, albeit against the students of Oxford University.	England, both publicly and privately, still insist that nothing has changed regarding Pietersen and there seemed a genuine indifference from Cook when asked about the sacked maverick for the umpteenth time on Sunday.	Kevin Pietersen hit 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU as he put on a show for Surrey.	James Anderson (left) will make his 100th Test appearance as Cook looks to get the tour off to winning ways.	'I'm pleased he scored runs for Surrey but it is exactly what I said before we came here,' said Cook.	'It's for other people to make any decision regarding him.'	The difference now, of course, is that the two men most responsible for jettisoning Pietersen after the Ashes have gone, Downton having been sacked and former ECB chairman Giles Clarke now marginalised as the new president.	It was Downton who put so much faith in Cook to lead a new England era that the captain still believes is full of promise.	'It's sad when anyone gets fired,' said Cook.	'It's not a nice feeling in any walk of life.	Paul is a good man and I feel for him but as players and staff we have to concentrate on the next three weeks.'	Jonathan Trott has returned to the Test side.	Equally, Cook did not want to think about the implications of what will happen when the new men at the helm in chairman elect Colin Graves and new chief executive Tom Harrison continue their revolution of the English game.	'I have absolutely no idea,' said Cook when asked about the new director of cricket.	'I'm probably reading less about it than anyone.	That's how it should be.	The day before a Test the captain should be worrying about what's important to him.	'That's making sure we're ready to try to win a series against West Indies.'	A glance at the West Indies net session yesterday was an exercise in trying to put faces to names that are little known in the wider cricket world.	This is an inexperienced home team and one that England really should defeat easily.	Yet the pitches will be slow and turgid, making it difficult for either side to take 20 wickets and West Indies can clearly sense that England must be vulnerable.	'We had a function the other night and it was made quite clear to us that West Indies are here to fight and want to beat us 3-0,' said Cook.	'They kept on calling it a war so we know we're in for a hell of a battle.'	One thing that has become clear under the new regime is that the ECB want to try to involve the many good brains of former captains, with Nasser Hussain due to talk to the team last night and Mike Atherton due to make a presentation to Anderson today ahead of his landmark Test.	For now what comes next for England has to be pushed to one side.	For Cook is facing a Test series he has to win.
Reading manager Steve Clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper Adam Federici to help him get over his Wembley gaffe.	The Australian blew his side's chances of beating Arsenal in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final by spilling Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra-time.	Federici was inconsolable after the match and Clarke revealed:'I tried to hug him but he was very, very disappointed.	He just wanted to get inside and have his sad moment by himself.	You have to respect that.	Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici in extra time.	It was a routine shot from Sanchez but the Reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp.	The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game.	Federici tries desperately to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp.	'When he comes into training we'll have a little chat but he'll be fine.	He's a professional.'	The incident was reminiscent of Robert Green's error in England's 2010 World Cup opener against the USA, when Clint Dempsey's strike got through him.	Reading midfielder Jem Karacan added of Federici:'He's one of the best goalkeepers around and they all make mistakes.	'The saves he made earlier were top-class and he was probably man of the match up to that point.	Nobody will blame him.'	Federici lies slumped on the ground as the impact of his error hits him in the FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal.	The Reading goalkeeper left the field in tears as manager Steve Clarke tries to console him.	Federici's opposite number, Wojciech Szczesny (left) of Arsenal comforts his fellow goalkeeper.
Brendan Rodgers admitted Liverpool's big-game mentality must improve after his hopes of winning the FA Cup were left in tatters.	The Liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa -- their first loss in an FA Cup semi-final since 1990 -- and accepted his side have to do better in the most important games.	Since beating Manchester City on April 13 last year when they were in the thick of the title race, Liverpool's record in must-win games has been lamentable.	Aston Villa captain Fabian Delph shoots past Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet to put his side in the lead.	Aston Villa players chase goalscorer Delph after the England midfielder made it 2-1 with 36 minutes to play.	Even though they took the lead with a well-worked goal by Philippe Coutinho (right) in the 30th minute, Liverpool never gave the impression they would give Steven Gerrard a dream date in the final on his 35th birthday and their lame performance left Rodgers shattered.	He said:'We've come up short in a few games, that's something we'd certainly need to improve.	But I think all these experiences will make them better.	'We're a team that's grown and changed quite a bit in the summer.	'We're obviously bitterly disappointed, more with the performance.	I thought we were second best, to be honest.	We had some chances but Aston Villa were better than us.	Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho is mobbed by his team-mates after opening the scoring.	Coutinho lifts his shirt after putting Brendan Rodgers' side in the lead following a fine run and finish.	Coutinho spreads his arms out wide after scoring his seventh goal of the campaign.	'In a semi-final, in a one-off game you do n't have a second chance and I know the players well enough to gauge whether we are getting the flow of our game and we were n't.	'You've got to give credit to Aston Villa, but I always look at my own team ; that movement and sharpness was missing.'	Manchester City heaped more misery on Liverpool -- their 2-0 win over West Ham damages the Reds' chances of finishing in the top four.	Belgium international Christian Benteke is congratulated by Aston Villa team-mate Delph after his goal.	Benteke leaps in the air after levelling the scoreline at Wembley Stadium by hitting the back of the net.	Rodgers, whose side have a game in hand, conceded that it will be a tall order but made it clear they have a duty to approach their final six fixtures with professionalism.	'There's an obligation here to fight till the very end,' Rodgers added.	'We've come close now in two competitions but failed to make the steps.	Steven Gerrard almost snatched a dramatic equaliser with four minutes left, but his header was cleared.	Rodgers shouts instructions at his players, but to no avail as Liverpool slump to defeat at Wembley.	'There will be disappointment over the next few days but we now have to get ready for our next league game.	'This last block of games it's more the performance level has n't been what we would like.	'We need to have the courage and bravery to play better in the big games.	'We looked as if the occasion and the energy got to us a wee bit.	But that's what can happen sometimes.'	Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since 1956-1959 not to win a trophy in his first three seasons.	Liverpool captain Gerrard sinks to his knees after seeing his side fall to a 2-1 defeat at Wembley Stadium.	Gerrard leaves the pitch following his side's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat by Villa.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink may have steered Burton Albion to promotion but that does not mean the rookie manager's season is over.	After guiding his side into League One for the first time in their history, the Dutchman turned his attention to winning a championship medal.	Hasselbaink's team beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday thanks to two goals from Lucas Akins, then the players heard that Wycombe could only draw at Wimbledon -- and the Brewers were up.	Burton Albion's (L-R) Denny Johnstone, Tom Naylor and Jon McLaughlin celebrate League Two promotion.	Burton Albion's Manager Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is happy to be promoted, but wants to finish on top.	The Burton Albion players celebrate their win against Morecambe which confirmed promotion.	Scott Shearer sprays his team-mates in Champagne as they celebrate their victory and promotion.	But Hasselbaink said:'We want to be No 1.	I want the second target and that is winning the league.	'I want to stay there and the fans want to stay there as winners.	'So, we're going to relax but then we're going to train hard again and make sure that we are ready for Northampton.	'We've got two more games and we need to prepare the right way and try to be right.	Burton Albion players celebrate with the fans after their victory against Morecambe confirmed promotion.	Burton Albion's Shearer and John Mousinho celebrate promotion to League One with a bottle of bubbly.	'It has been a great season and the lads have handled it really well.	We were always in control against Morecambe and we created a lot of chances and apart from a spell at the start of the second half and a few minutes right at the end we were certainly on top.'	Hasselbaink also paid tribute to his predecessor Gary Rowett, adding:'Gary started the job here and must take a lot of credit for what the club has achieved.	'We have come in and made a few changes but the base was there and I'm delighted that we have been able to build on his success.'
Argentina internationals from Manchester City and Manchester United looked delighted as they joined forces on Sunday night, enjoying a meal with their partners in the city centre.	Stars such as Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo embraced as they dined at the popular San Carlo Italian Restaurant.	The United players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday, while the City men were still on a high following a comfortable victory over West Ham.	A host of Argentine stars including Angel di Maria (left) and Willy Caballero (right) dined out together at San Carlo restaurant on Sunday along with Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes.	United's # 60million record summer signing was joined by his wife Jorgelina Cardoso for the evening.	Martin Demichelis (left) and his wife Evangelina Anderson greet City defender Pablo Zabaleta.	Victor Valdes was also present as another Spanish-speaker, and is pictured greeting fellow No 2 goalkeeper Willy Cabellero outside the restaurant.	The players are said to have dined for around four hours at San Carlo, finishing up at around midnight.	Di Maria, joined by wife Jorgelina Cardoso, Valdes with Yolanda Cardona, and Rojo with partner Eugenia Lusardo made up the United presence.	United's No 2 goalkeeper Victor Valdes was also in attendance along with his partner Yolanda Cardona.	Red Devils defender Marcos Rojo leaves San Carlo restaurant with wife Eugenia Lusardo.	Rojo was ruled out of United's weekend clash against Chelsea with a stomach injury, but seemed in fine spirits on Sunday night, laughing and joking with his supposed rivals.	Caballero, Zabaleta and Martin Demichelis were the City players pictured, fresh from beating West Ham at the Etihad Stadium earlier in the day.	Lucia Caballero, Christel Castano and Evangelina Anderson joined their respective partners for the meal, which seemed to turn into a mini Argentine invasion.	Valdes embraces City goalkeeper Caballero as the group say their farewells outside the Italian restaurant.	Valdes, who is yet to make a first team appearance for United, joined his City rivals for a meal.	30year-old defender Zabaleta leaves the popular nightspot with spouse Christel Castano (left).	Former Real Madrid man Di Maria (right) made a cameo appearance during Chelsea's 1-0 victory on Saturday.	United boss Louis van Gaal (right) gestures towards the referee during the Premier League clash.	United's # 60million record signing Di Maria had to settle for yet another cameo appearance on Saturday after entering the fray in place of Ashley Young after 70 minutes.	Di Maria was unable to help his side find a goal, despite United dominating Chelsea for large parts of the Stamford Bridge clash.	A low strike from Belgian star Eden Hazard was enough to hand Jose Mourinho's side a crucial three points as they look to close in on the Premier League title.	Eden Hazard celebrates giving Chelsea a 1-0 lead in the 5.30 pm kick-off at Stamford Bridge.	Remaining fixtures.	Aston Villa (home) - April 25.	Tottenham (away) - May 3.	QPR (home) - May 10.	Swansea (away) - May 17.	Southampton (home) - May 24.	Remaining fixtures.	Everton (away) - April 26.	West Brom (home) - May 2.	Crystal Palace (away) - May 9.	Arsenal (home) - May 17.	Hull (away) - May 24.	The west London club managed to defeat United with just 29 per cent possession in a game which Van Gaal claimed had been his side's best performance this season.'	I am not frustrated.	I am very proud of my team,' he told BBC Sport.	'We played our best match of the season but in football you can lose a match even when you are the better team.'	Manuel Pellegrini's side, meanwhile, strolled to victory against West Ham thanks to goals an own goal from James Collins and Sergio Aguero's 20th Premier League strike of the season.	Sergio Aguero slotted City into a two goal lead after a flowing counter attack against West Ham.	The Argentine striker sprints away in celebration having fired in his 20th league goal of the season.	The victory meant City closed the gap on rivals United to just one point as the Etihad side look to remain in the top four after their aspirations of retaining the Premier League title slipped away.	Defeats in six of the previous eight games had left the champions' title defence in tatters and even put their top-four place in jeopardy.	Pellegrini, whose position is also under heavy scrutiny, said after the game:'It was important to be a consistent team and we played - especially for the first 65 minutes until the injury of David that was a distraction - as a consistent team.	'In other games we have played some minutes but today I think we played the whole game.'
James Collins can rest easy.	As sensational an own goal as his inadvertently precise lob over Adrian was in West Ham's 2-0 defeat at Manchester City, it was not the weekend's most bizarre.	Not by a long way.	That honour falls to Mohammad Shatnawi of Jordanian club Al Faisaly, whose effort will be considered as one of the strangest own goals ever.	His team were 1-0 down against Al Whidat in the Amman Derby when their opponents pushed forward, looking to double their lead.	VIDEO - Scroll down to see Mohammad Shatnawi's amazing own goal.	Mohammed Shatnawi bizarrely scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head at the weekend.	Shatnawi appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play after initially making a good save.	He watches on in horror as the ball floats ominously towards the net after his overhead kick.	As the Al Whidat striker closed in on goal and lashed a venomous strike on target, Shatnawi got down well to stop it with his foot, an impulsive reaction block.	But what happened next, as the ball looped up in the air, is inexplicable.	Perhaps Shatnawi did not realise he had as much time as he did to collect the rebound.	Maybe he thought what he was about to do was the best way to eliminate any impending danger.	Or maybe he even mistook his team-mates for opponents.	West Ham's James Collins (right) accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross on Sunday.	Shatnawi kept his eyes on the ball, leaned back, raised his right leg and kicked it over his head, one would imagine in an unorthodox attempt to send the ball over his goal and out for a corner.	Instead, his touch was a little too cushioned, and the ball drifted nonchalantly into his own net.
Ask most players about the hat-tricks they've scored and they'll describe in detail how they managed to find the back of the net three times in 90 minutes.	But that does n't apply to Lionel Messi.	The Barcelona star has scored so many trebles at club level - 32 to be exact - that he ca n't remember each one despite keeping a match ball from every game.	Messi will be hoping to add another to his list when Barca take on PSG in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.	Lionel Messi poses with each of the 32 balls he has taken home after scoring a hat-trick for Barcelona.	Messi bends home his side's opening goal against Sevilla on Saturday during Barcelona's 2-2 draw.	Speaking to Barcelona's official magazine ahead of the game, Messi revealed that his hat-trick balls have a special place in his home even if he ca n't recall which games they're from.	Asked about getting each one signed by his team-mates, the 27-year-old said:' I always sign it because I believe it is recognition for the whole team.	'Without my team mates I would not have achieved all that I have on an individual level and I think that with a hat-trick, more than ever, because I depend on them to score goals, so it is a nice souvenir to have them all sign it.	Messi celebrates after scoring against Sevilla - his 34th La Liga goal of the season so far.	Messi will lead the line for Barcelona when they take on PSG in the Champions League on Wednesday evening.'	I keep them at home where I keep all my trophies, but I have thought about doing something special with them, something nice with all the footballs.	'At the moment I have them in glass cases but I am thinking about doing something so that they have a more special place.'	Having netted 277 La Liga goals for Barcelona over the last 10-and-a-half years, it's little surprise that Messi has some trouble remembering the 96 which arrived in just 32 matches.	Asked if he can recall all of his hat-tricks for the club, Messi said:'Right now, as we speak, no.	I need to see the goals again or for somebody to tell me something about them to actually remember them.'	Messi celebrates after scoring the second goal of his hat-trick against Real Madrid in March 2007.	Less surprising is the one that stands out to him.	'The one I scored against Real Madrid when we drew 3-3 at Camp Nou was very special for me, for what it meant in the game and because for me it was my first hat-trick and it kept us ahead in the league,' said Messi.	'Even though at the end we did n't win the league, at that moment it was important and also because it was against Real Madrid.'
Fabio Borini may not have had much success climbing up the pecking order in the Liverpool attack but the Italian striker had no problems scaling the heights at Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.	The former Swansea striker made the most of the warm weather as he spent the day at adventure park Go Ape at the Cheshire forest.	Borini appeared as a second-half substitute in Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle at Anfield on Monday as clearly still had plenty of energy left as he was pictured taking part in a climbing exercise.	Fabio Borini enjoys a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.	The Liverpool strike poses with friends at the adventure park in Cheshire as he enjoyed a day off.	Fabio Borini came on as a second-half substitute during Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle on Monday.	The former Sunderland loanee took to social media to share pictures of his day out with his pals writing on Instagram:'Sunny day off in Delamere forest!	"Go Ape"!!	It's good having friends around!'	Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season as he has struggled to establish himself in the team following his loan spell in the North-East last season.	Liverpool's win on Monday moved Brendan Rodgers' side up to fifth, just four points behind Manchester City in the race for the top four.
In the aftermath of Sunday's derby disaster the talk among fans was of summer incomings to reboot a blue machine that, all-of-a-sudden, looks as outdated as a Commodore 64.	Then there is the inevitable speculation over the future of under-fire manager Manuel Pellegrini.	But the biggest challenge for Manchester City this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have.	Manchester City risk losing star man Sergio Aguero should they slip out of the Premier League's top four.	Aguero scores the first of his two goals during City's 4-2 defeat at the hands of rivals Manchester United.	It may have gone largely unnoticed in the carnage at Old Trafford but there was an important landmark for the brilliant Sergio Aguero that deserves to be recognised.	The aftermath of a crushing derby defeat at the old enemy may not be the place for jelly and ice-cream but the Argentine's tremendous feat of scoring 100 goals in just 158 appearances should be cause for celebration.	Take a minute to think where City would have been without that century.	Remember THAT title-winning goal against QPR in 2012?	Most, in that situation, would have put their foot through the ball as soon as it arrived from Mario Balotelli.	The Argentine forward clinched the Premier League title for City with this striker against QPR in 2012.	Aguero wheels away in celebration after giving the City faithful inside the Etihad a moment to remember.	Not Kun.	The man who takes his nickname from a cartoon character had City fans believing in fairy tales when he feigned a shot to open up space before firing home probably the biggest goal in the club's long history.	That calm head, that powerful shot and that unnerving ability to find the target are what City paid what now looks like a bargain # 38m for in 2011.	Aguero is settled in Manchester and signed a new five-year deal only last August.	However, he now has to think of himself.	Aguero scores past United goalkeeper David de Gea to earn his 19th Premier League goal of the season.	The City players look dejected during the 4-2 defeat which left their side fourth in the Premier League table.	If the unthinkable happens and City slip outside the top four will one of the best players in the world be happy at a season without showcasing his talents on the Champions League stage?	There are admirers.	Real Madrid and Barcelona are both fans.	Should either register an interest City would face a desperate battle to keep hold of their star man.	While a move to Madrid may come with an enticing caveat in the shape of Gareth Bale, the loss of Aguero would be exceptionally difficult to recover from.	Manuel Pellegrini signed former Swansea City striker Wilfried Bony for # 30million in January.	April 19 West Ham United (H).	April 25 Aston Villa (H).	May 3 Tottenham Hotspur (A).	May 10 Queens Park Rangers (H).	May 17 Swansea City (A).	May 24 Southampton (H).	Where else do you get those goals from?	While it is too early in his City career to pass judgement it would appear that the burden would be too much for Wilfried Bony's broad shoulders.	The former Swansea City man, who cost just # 10m less than Aguero, has failed to hit the ground running since his January move and has scored only once in five appearances.	The powers-that-be would no doubt have to open their chequebook but who would come to an Aguero-less City?	And, should they sleepwalk out of the top four, who would dream of coming to a club without Champions League football?	City are reportedly targeting Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba as they look to strengthen this summer.	The likes of Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential targets.	Sportsmail understands discussions have already taken place with a number of new additions.	But will they also want to come to a club shorn of its idol?	It is a big question and one that City will be desperate not to have to discover the answer to.	There are others to ponder.	Does Pellegrini stay?	And what share of the blame do executives Ferran Soriano and Txiki Begiristain take?	Pellegrini's future as City boss is in doubt after a difficult 2014-15 campaign at the Etihad.	Are they at fault for spending the best part of # 200m since 2012 without really strengthening the team or does Pellegrini carry the can?	With Financial Fair Play sanctions hurting, it was essential that City got bang for the buck.	In reality they barely had a whimper.	The pile on the in-tray on chairman Khaldoon al Mubarak's desk seems to be getting taller every week.	It is essential that keeping Aguero is top of that ever-growing list or else that ageing blue machine risks heading for an even bigger crash.
This stunning series of photographs offer a bird's eye view of the moment a great grey owl swooped on a tiny field mouse.	The bird, which has a five-foot wingspan, stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack.	Its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws.	The great grey owl is a deadly predator, its hunting skills aided by its superior sense of hearing.	Its soft feathers allow the bird to glide unheard, taking its prey by surprise.	Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops.	Scroll down for video.	This is the moment a great grey owl swooped on a tiny rodent snowy fields in Ontario, Canada, after stalking it from high above.	The predatory bird has an impressive wingspan of around five feet.	It is is clothed in soft feathers making its attacks almost silent.	Making a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow, the bird clutches onto the mouse with its claws, all the while being captured on film.	Great grey owls are solitary hunters with often the only sign of their presence in the wild being imprints left in the snow from when they strike.	The huge bird lunges towards the bird after abandoning its perch on a bare tree in the snowy wild.	Its light feathers allow for a quiet arrival.	With its eyes never straying from its prey, the bird hovers above ground with its long wings stretched out before launching its attack.	The grey owl stalks its prey from a perch in the field before choosing its moment to strike, its sharp claws ready to strike upon landing.
Izzy Brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire Chelsea's youth team to glory in the UEFA Youth League either side of a call-up to Jose Mourinho's first-team squad.	The Blues' under 19 captain played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma in Switzerland on Friday afternoon after learning that Mourinho wanted him on the bench for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.	So Brown flew back to London, watched from the Loftus Road dug-out as a late goal from Cesc Fabregas took Chelsea a step closer to the title, and then hopped back on a plane to Geneva.	Izzy Brown has spoken of the incredible weekend after Chelsea won the UEFA Youth League on Monday.	Brown was on the bench for Chelsea seniors for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.	But just a few hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice and captaining his side in becoming champions.	And clearly untroubled by the'commuting', the 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over Shakhtar Donetsk as Chelsea became the first English team to lift the Youth League trophy.	After the triumph in Nyon, Brown told Sportsmail:' I got a phone call at lunchtime (on Friday) and I was told I had to come back to England because the first team needed me on the bench.	'So I was a bit shocked because I wanted to play the final and I did n't know whether I'd get back or not.	It's been a bit of a rush but I'm glad I was here and also glad I was on the bench.'	Brown's close-range finish gave Chelsea a seventh-minute lead against Shakhtar in the final.	Although the Ukrainians were gifted an equaliser when defender Andreas Christensen put through his own net, Chelsea took command after the break.	Dominic Solanke (left) and Brown got the goals as Chelsea saw off Shakhtar Donetsk to take the trophy.	First, Dominic Solanke headed in a Jeremie Boga cross to restore their lead and then Brown made sure of victory with a well-taken left-foot finish a few minutes later.	Brown then had the honour of lifting the Lennart Johansson trophy as Chelsea followed in the footsteps of Barcelona last year.	He added:'It is an amazing achievement, we've come so far since the first game against Schalke.	'There's been lots of ups and downs through the tournament but we've stuck together and now we're European champions.	We've got so many creative players, so many people who can score goals.'	Brown had the honour of lifting the Lennart Johansson trophy as Chelsea followed in Barcelona's footsteps.	Solanke ended the competition as leading scorer, with his 47th-minute header taking his tally to 12, and was understandably delighted.	He said:'It's a great tournament, i managed to do quite well.	I finished as top goalscorer, which is an amazing achievement for me.	'Obviously playing against all these different teams in Europe, I've got to adapt to how they play and I think I'm scoring a lot of goals in that way and it's really good to do that.'	Solanke ended the competition as leading scorer, with his 47th-minute header taking his tally to 12.	The England under 18 international was handed a taste of first-team action by Mourinho in October's Champions League tie with Maribor and he is hopeful of further opportunities in the future.	'It's a tough task at Chelsea to get into the first team but you've just got to keep working and see what happens,' he said.
It is matches like this that makes one wonder just how good Gael Monfils could have been ; and perhaps how good he still can be.	The Frenchman is sometimes fantastic, often frustrating and always flamboyant but he brought all the good parts of his game to bear as he knocked Roger Federer out of the Monte Carlo Masters 6-4, 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter.	Monfils displayed the breathtaking athleticism that can make Novak Djokovic look sluggish and the shotmaking that can make Andy Murray seem conventional.	But the 28-year-old also played with focus and commitment, two attributes which can sometimes be found wanting in the world No 18.	Gael Monfils celebrates after beating Roger Federer in straight sets at the Monte Carlo Masters.	Frenchman Monfils beat the former world No 1 6-4 7-6 in a last-16 thriller on Thursday in Monaco.	Federer started smoothly and broke with a clever chipped return.	But the 33-year-old handed the break back with a double fault and the momentum swung towards the Frenchman.	At 4-4, Monfils came out on top in a pulsating 31-shot rally to bring up three break points.	On the second, he won another grueling point and then served out comfortably.	The second set was the best of the tournament so far.	Each game was fiercely contested with both men playing superb, intense tennis.	Federer shows his frustration after bowing out of the clay court tournament to the No 14 seed.	Federer leaves the court after his loss put Monfils through to his first last-eight match in Monaco.	Neither was able to puncture the other's serve and so, appropriately, a tie break was needed to separate them.	Every rally in the breaker was a mini epic.	Federer edged ahead with a brilliant return winner but missed a backhand to cede the advantage.	Monfils won a couple of points on serve and the world No 2 was forced to serve to stay in the match at 5-6.	He missed an approach shot wide and the Frenchman unfurled that trademark beaming grin.	Monfils will face Grigor Dimitrov in what should be an explosive quarter-final.	World No 18 Monfils hit 22 winners to Federer's 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner.	Monfils and Federer shake hands at the end of the match after the 28-year-old overcame the 33-year-old.
Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend.	This season, like so many in recent years, has been a frustrating one at St James' Park and that has led some fans to take action when Spurs arrive on Sunday.	A number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner Mike Ashley, which is likely to lead to a peculiar atmosphere in the north east.	Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino (right) is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to Newcastle.	Newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime at St James' Park.	It will certainly make it an interesting test for Pochettino's side as they look to recover from some disappointing recent results of their own.	'You never know because sometimes the effect on the players and team maybe is positive,' the Spurs boss said.	'Maybe sometimes the players are scared and run more than all season.	'Or maybe it is a very negative atmosphere and they feel under pressure and do n't show their face.	'You never know in football how it can affect all the decisions around the team.	For that it is difficult to guess what will happen on Sunday.'	On paper, this looks a good opportunity for Spurs to make amends for the goalless draw at Burnley and home defeat to Aston Villa.	Christian Benteke scored the winner for Aston Villa to leave Spurs' season in danger of fizzling out.	The fact Pochettino's predecessor Tim Sherwood oversaw the latter's victory made it all the more frustrating, yet the Spurs boss was in a surprisingly upbeat mood ahead of the trip to St James' Park.'	I think that football is football and I am a person who has spent all my life in football as player, manager and head coach,' he said.'	I accept in football there are good and bad moments, but one thing important is to keep your balance and a good mood.	'We always want to win and we are ambitious, but always we need to have a very good mood.	'We need to have patience, we need to work hard, we have to have our minds on the players and we need to have very good energy to repeat some of the performances this season.'	Pochettino will come up against his countryman Jonas Guiterrez following his recovery from cancer.	This weekend's match against Newcastle will also see Pochettino come up against a countryman who has made many a headline of late.	Former Argentina international Jonas Gutierrez's recovery following a battle with cancer and his return to top-flight football has inspired many.'	I am very happy for him,' Pochettino said.	'When he went in the game against Liverpool, he got a good ovation and it was good to see him playing football.	'This is real life.	Sometimes we worry about a lot of things and results, but this is real life when you have the problems that he has.	'For me, I am very happy to see him come back to football.'
THE CHAMPIONSHIP.	Steve McClaren's Derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at Huddersfield provided Wolves and Brentford are both beaten.	Just two years on from winning the FA Cup, Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton -- although Rotherham's FA hearing for fielding an ineligible player could change things were they to be docked points.	Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield if other results go their way.	LEAGUE ONE.	Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill said after his side sealed promotion:'That's great, but we have n't won the league yet and that is what I want.'	Victory at home to Coventry will give him the trophy he craves.	Sheffield United and Chesterfield can both make sure of play-off places with wins over Bradford and Oldham respectively, as long as Rochdale lose away to Gillingham.	Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy with victory against Coventry.	LEAGUE TWO.	Burton will be promoted with a win at Morecambe if Wycombe fail to win at AFC Wimbledon or Bury lose at Portsmouth.	Shrewsbury will be up if they win at home to York, Bury lose and Southend fail to win at Exeter.	Stevenage will seal a play-off place if they win at Accrington and both Luton and Newport fail to win against Hartlepool and Dagenham respectively.	Burton will be promoted with a win at Morecambe if Wycombe fail to win at AFC Wimbledon.	... AND IN THE CONFERENCE.	Martin Allen's Barnet side will be promoted as champions if they win at Kidderminster and Bristol Rovers lose at Dover.	Eastleigh and Forest Green Rovers can make sure of a play-off place with victory over Lincoln and Gateshead respectively, as long as Macclesfield lose at home to Dartford, or, in Eastleigh's case, fail to win.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of Nathaniel Clyne this summer as Manchester United prepare a bid for England's first-choice right back.	An unparalleled summer talent drain last year led many onlookers to predict a meltdown at St Mary's, yet they have gone on to defy the odds and produce a remarkable season.	Saints are pushing for a top-four finish in the Barclays Premier League with six matches to go, although that success has led the vultures to once again circle overhead.	Nathaniel Clyne (left) has attracted the glances of several top clubs with his performances for Southampton.	Clyne, out of contract next summer, is one such target and this week fuelled mounting speculation over a move to United by talking about his desire to play in the Champions League.	Koeman twice won the competition as a player and fully understands Clyne's ambitions, and therefore the difficulty Saints may face in getting him to stay.	'It's up to the press how they take those kind of comments,' the Dutchman said.'	I like to play Champions League as well but that's the aspiration for every football player and it's a normal aspiration.	If you do n't mention that, there's something wrong.	'We are still in talking with the agent of Clyney, but it's difficult.	I read in the press there's some interest.	'Nobody knocked on the door with an offer for Clyne, but we know (he has) one season on his contract and we want Clyne to stay at the club.	Clyne made his full England debut last November.	'We need understanding for that but nothing else.	'We hope one day we will compare to the big ones, but that's difficult.	We know our level, we know our possibilities.	'The club ca n't fight against big teams in the Premier League because the money and the possibilities of them are still much higher than we have.'	Koeman's understanding will only last for so long, though, and the Southampton manager wants Clyne's future sorted before the end of the campaign.	'We do n't wait until the end of the season because you know if there is a player who is left one season of his contract then you have to do something,' he said.	'Of course we have to do everything to keep the player in the team, but I like to know it as soon as possible - not in the last week of the season, but earlier on.'	I mentioned April but by the end of April, the first week of May, it's good to know something about his situation.'	Clyne will be hoping to start for Saints at Stoke this weekend, having been dropped to the bench for the win against Hull.	Filip Djuricic and Victor Wanyama will be absent for the trip to the Britannia Stadium, as will long-term absentees Fraser Forster, Emmanuel Mayuka and Jay Rodriguez.	It is more than a year since the latter last featured for Saints, having ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament in defeat at Manchester City.	There is at last some positive news for Rodriguez, though, with the forward set to join up with first-team training for'some parts of the sessions' from next week.'	I hope that he can play a part in one of them maybe last one,' Koeman said.	'Maybe it will be on one side a tough one (to return in) because it is Man City and he got this injury against them.	'That will be nice to end the season but the focus has to be next season and if he is part of one or two games this season it will be great for him, great for the team, great for the club.	Adam Lallana was part of the Southampton exodus as he left St Mary's for Liverpool.	Lallana was joined at Anfield by Dejan Lovren but Southampton have barely been affected by their absence.	'He is putting everything in to get back, but we are not in a hurry.	If he comes back he has to be 100 per cent and that's most important.'	Rodriguez's return to fitness will bring with it heightened speculation about his future.	Like Clyne and Morgan Schneiderlin, the 25-year-old has been linked with a move away from St Mary's, with the likes of Tottenham, Manchester City and Liverpool mentioned.	But Koeman said:'Of course I expect we do n't sell the player.	The player did n't play in my first season as a manager.	'He's good guy, a positive one and a good player, and maybe that will be the best transfer what we can do for the next season.'
These days, Gazza is a celebrity associated with tears, and battles against drink and depression.	But, nearly a quarter of a century ago, Paul Gascoigne was just a footballer.	Not an ordinary footballer - he was a brilliantly talented maverick, but still a footballer.	And 24 years ago today, he scored what was arguably the finest goal of his career.	There are some who might say it was the finest goal ever scored at Wembley.	The other main contender for that prize is probably another of his, for England against Scotland at Euro 96.	Paul Gascoigne hits the 35-yard free-kick that would cement his place in Tottenham legend.	The Spurs midfielder struck a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at Wembley.	Gascoigne's goal came five minutes into an FA Cup semi-final against Tottenham's arch-rivals, Arsenal.	Gunners goalkeeper David Seaman (right) got his hands to the ball but the power on Gascoigne's shot still beat him.	But April 14, 1991 was FA Cup semi-final day.	Tottenham Hotspur vs Arsenal.	Fierce rivals battling it out for a place in the final when the oldest cup competition in football meant so much to every club that entered.	Arsenal won the league that year.	But had you asked their fans at Wembley that day whether they would rather win the title or the FA Cup having knocked out Spurs, and many would have opted for the latter.	They did n't get the choice, however, and that was because of Gascoigne.	It took him just five minutes to make the indelible mark.	Tottenham won a free-kick 35 yards from goal.	Nobody suspected much.	Certainly not Barry Davies, who was commentating on the game for the BBC.	Gascoigne runs towards the Spurs fans to celebrate as Vinny Samways (left) joins the wild scenes.	The then England star leaps into the air to celebrate his glorious strike at the home of football.	Gascoigne's goal set Spurs on their way to a 3-1 victory, and they would go on to beat Nottingham Forest in the final.	'Is Gascoigne going to have a crack?	,' he asked.	It was a relaxed, throwaway question.	'He is you know,' came the next line shortly after, excitement barely registering.	Gascoigne took a run-up at the ball, and swung hard with his right boot.	He nailed it, right on the sweet spot.	The shot quickly became a cannonball, bursting through David Seaman's gloves and into the top corner of the net, despite the goalkeeper getting his hands to the ball.	'Oh I say!'	screamed Davies, whose commentary would now go down in legend as well as the goal.	'Brilliant!'	Spurs fans celebrated wildly in the stands.	'That... is... schoolboy's own stuff.	Oh, I bet even he ca n't believe it.	'Is there anything left from this man to surprise us?	That is one of the finest free-kicks this stadium has ever seen.'	It was, and still is.	24 years from now it still will be.	So let's forget for a moment about the Gazza we know today, and simply celebrate the genius of Paul Gascoigne.	(left-right) David Howells, Steve Sedgley, Justin Edinburgh and Paul Stewart join Gascoigne to celebrate at the end of the match.
A bullish performance by Exeter tighthead Tomas Francis could trigger a tug-of-war between Stuart Lancaster and Warren Gatland after the 21st 2lb prop helped end Northampton's three-month unbeaten run in the Aviva Premiership.	Against a side who pride themselves on the set-piece, Francis dominated his scrummaging contest against Alex Corbisiero and put down a significant marker for his inclusion at the World Cup.	The 22-year-old -- who qualifies for both England and Wales -- is yet to pledge his international allegiance, despite having been called up to Gatland's training camp during the RBS 6 Nations.	Dave Ewers (right) tackles Samu Manoa of Northampton Saints during the Aviva Premiership match.	Chiefs prop Tomas Francis, who qualifies for England and Wales, impressed up against Alex Corbisiero.	'Tomas is a young man and will only get better through regular exposure,' said Exeter director of rugby Rob Baxter.	'He's been to a Welsh training camp, but he's English.'	With Wales suffering from injury problems in the front row, Francis (right) could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face England in the World Cup pool match.	But his performance at Sandy Park may tempt Lancaster to make a late move for the youngster, with Chiefs moving back into the play-off positions with three games to play.	Christian Day (right) and Alex Corbisiero of Northampton drive at the Exeter defence during their defeat.	Try-scorer Elliot is tackled by the Chiefs defence as they tried to start a comeback but were n't able to.	Some suspected a Saints backlash following their European exit to Clermont Auvergne but a yellow mist descended and the champions paid the price for indiscipline and inaccuracy.	With Calum Clark, Stephen Myler and Alex Waller all sin-binned within 15 minutes of each other, Exeter turned the screw and sent Northampton home empty handed.	Exeter started sharply with Phil Dollman touching down before Northampton pulled back through James Wilson's try.	Mitch Lees (right) attempts to drive through Northampton number eight Dickinson at Sandy Park.	Lees attempts to break a tackle of the Saints forwards as he helped his side to victory over Northampton.	Henry Slade's penalties and the Saints' ill-discipline kept Exeter in charge before Francis' pressure at the set-piece helped earn a penalty try.	'They put our set piece -- particularly our scrums -- under pressure,' said Saints director of rugby Jim Mallinder.	Jamie Elliot dived over for a late try, but it was scant consolation for the travel-weary Northampton.	Wasps' Tom Varndell on his way to a try hat-trick.	Leigh may miss semi.	Leigh Halfpenny could miss Toulon's Champions Cup semi-final against Leinster after suffering a suspected dislocated shoulder during Saturday's Top 14 victory over Grenoble.	However, Saracens are confident fly-half Owen Farrell will recover from a knee injury in time for their semi-final against Clermont Auvergne.	Winger Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick of tries as Wasps secured a bonus point 40-13 victory at London Welsh.	Despite keeping their top-six hopes alive, Wasps director of rugby Dai Young warned:'We need to improve.'	Sale director of rugby Steve Diamond hit out at referee Greg Macdonald after a surprise 25-23 defeat at London Irish.	'For the critical try just before half-time, their player was 15 metres offside,' said Diamond.
There is an image of Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola deep in conversation during a Barcelona training session that did the rounds on social media a few years ago.	Mourinho was Bobby Robson's assistant at Barcelona and Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the Camp Nou at the time.	The picture became the perfect'guess the caption' competition the best one having Guardiola say to Mourinho:'I'll be Barça coach one day and I'll win the treble' and Mourinho replying:'yeah right, and I'll manage Real Madrid.'	Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola in deep conversation following a Barcelona training session.	No sooner had Luis Enrique joined Barcelona at the start of this season and the photo libraries threw up an even better shot -- one of Luis Enrique, Pep and Jose in their time at Barcelona.	Then the archive scanners began to notice something about some of the other faces in the pictures from this era -- is n't that current PSG coach Laurent Blanc?	And is n't that current Porto coach Julen Lopetegui?	And are n't four of the coaches of the last eight in this season's Champions League from the same club at the same time?	(From L-R) Barcelona's Juan Carlos Busquets, Luis Enrique, Mourinho and Guardiola at training.	Laurent Blanc comes up against Enrique at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday in the Champions League.	Blanc was a huge part of the Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996.	Luis Enrique comes face to with Blanc in the Parc des Princes stadium on Wednesday night and both will have plenty to catch up on.	They were both in the Barça team that started the 1996-97 season by winning the Spanish Super Cup against Atletico Madrid 6-4 on aggregate.	With Robson in charge and Mourinho's assisting him the team that won the first silverware of the new season included not just the French World Cup winner and the 62-times Spain international and the aforementioned Lopetegui and Guardiola but Albert Ferrer, who started the season as Cordoba coach ; Abelardo Fernandez, who is now coaching Sporting Gijon in Spain's second tier ; and Sergi Barjuan, who has just taken over at Almeria.	The Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996 is breeding managers.	Guardiola takes on former Barcelona team-mate Julen Lopetegui who is currently Porto manager.	Albert Ferrer, seen battling Pedrag Mijatovic for the ball, went on to coach Spanish side Cordoba.	Bobby Robson and Bulgarian defender Hristo Stoichkov celebrate victory against Real Betis.	Also in the team were Hristo Stoichkov who has coached Celta Vigo and Bulgaria among others and Juan Antonio Pizzi, who managed Valencia last season and is now at Leon in Mexico.	Even those players from that team who never went on to manage have stayed in football with Giovanni now working as a scout for Olympiakos and Guillermo Amor a former director of Barcelona's youth academy who is now director of football at Adelaide United FC.	Among the squad players that season were Roberto Prosinecki and Emmanuel Amunike now coach with Azerbaijan and Nigeria's Under-17s teams respectively.	Former Barcelona 1996 squad player Lopetegui is currently manager of Portuguese giants Porto.	Michael Laudrup (left) and Ronald Koeman both went on to manager Premier League clubs.	Enrique travels to Paris to take on Blanc's PSG side at the Parc des Princes in the Champions League.	Ahead of his meeting with Blanc on Wednesday, Luis Enrique crossed swords with old friend and former team-mate Sergi Barjuan two weeks ago when Barça played Almeria.	"It was the last thing we looked like becoming," he said when I asked the Barcelona manager if both he and Sergi had looked like coaches-in-waiting in their playing days.	"You change the way you look at things once you retire."	Luis Enrique believes those who played in positions where they had the pitch in front of them for most of the game -- the full-backs, the centre-backs, Pep Guardiola in holding midfield -- went on to coach in part because of how tactically astute they had had to become to be successful in their positions as players.	Former Argentinean striker Juan Antonio Pizzi went on to manage Valencia and is now in Mexico.	Julen Lopetegui: Porto boss.	Albert Ferrer: Former Cordoba coach.	Gheorghe Popescu: Jailed for money laundering.	Abelardo Fernandez: Sporting Gijon coach.	Laurent Blanc: PSG boss.	Luis Enrique: Barcelona manager.	Sergi Barjuan: Almeria coach.	Guillermo Amor: Adelaide United sporting director.	Pep Guardiola: Bayern Munich coach.	Hristo Stoichkov: Former Bulgaria and Celta Vigo coach.	Juan Antonio Pizzi: Former Valencia boss now at Leon in Mexico.	Andoni Zubizarreta: Former Sporting director at Barcelona.	Albert Ferrer: Former Cordoba boss.	Ronald Koeman: Southampton manager.	Fernando Muñoz: No coaching roles.	Eusebio: Former Barcelona B boss.	Pep Guardiola: Bayern Munich coach.	Jose Mari Bakero: Coached at Malaga and Real Sociedad.	Michael Laudrup: Former Swansea, Getafe and Mallorca coach.	Juan Carlos: Coaching role at Valladolid.	Julio Salinas: Television pundit.	Hristo Stoichkov: Former Bulgaria and Celta Vigo coach.	It's perhaps more of a surprise that so many attacking players also graduated to the technical area.	Some will have got jobs because they played for Barcelona rather than because of all they learned at Barça -- it's the irresistible pull of giving a Barça old boy a job in the hope he will be able to build a side in his former team's image.	But for every failure there has been a success and there is a 50 per cent chance that whoever wins this season's Champions League, via the coach, Barcelona's prints will be on the trophy.
Manchester City defender Pablo Zabaleta accepts the fallen champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four.	Zabaleta admits confidence is low with Sunday's derby loss at Manchester United having continued a dismal run which has seen City capitulate in the Barclays Premier League title race.	Manuel Pellegrini's men crashed 4-2 at Old Trafford, a sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions and a result which leaves them fourth and clinging onto a Champions League place.	Wayne Rooney leaps onto Fellaini's back after United take the lead through the big Belgian, who has had an excellent renaissance recently.	It is a far cry from the situation on New Year's Day, when the defending champions pulled level with Chelsea at the top with a 3-2 win over Sunderland.	Having been eight points behind just over a month earlier, City appeared to be clicking into gear - but all has suddenly gone wrong.	They now trail the leaders by 12 points, having played a game more, and their form continues to offer encouragement for the likes of Southampton and Liverpool below them.	A dejected Yaya Toure and Fernandinho look on following their defeat to rivals Manchester United.	Zabaleta said:'It is time to analyse what we are doing wrong and try to improve for the next few games.	There are still 18 points to play for and we must be honest with ourselves and start to push hard, play better and win games, so we can get in the top four.	'When you lose those games it is always really hard, but that is football sometimes.	Football is about momentum.	'It seems you lose confidence when you can not get results and it was a really tough afternoon.'	City were chasing a record fifth successive derby win and the occasion initially seemed to rouse them from their recent troubles as they made a blistering start.	Sergio Aguero was the rare highlight in an otherwise dismal Manchester City performance at Old Trafford.	Aguero scored twice, but he had very little to cheer about as Manchester City left the Eitihad empty handed.	Their movement and energy was superb and they claimed a well-worked opening goal through Sergio Aguero after just eight minutes.	But that was as good as it got as United equalised through the excellent Ashley Young and then took complete control.	Further goals from the impressive Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling secured a convincing win before Aguero's 100th City goal came as a late consolation.	'It seems we lost confidence and were nervous,' said Zabaleta.	'Then it was hard for the team to react and we conceded the second goal.	Manchester City's manager Manuel Pellegrini issues instructions as his side lose to their rivals.	All of United's outfield players congratulate celebrate as they score in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday.	'In the second half we did n't create many chances and when United scored the third goal the game was over.'	Winger Jesus Navas was at a loss to explain City's failure to impose themselves after United pulled back level.	The Spaniard said:' I do n't really know (what happened).	They scored the equaliser and they were back in the game.	We started strong but it was n't our day and we need to focus on the upcoming games.	It's Champions League (qualification at stake) so we have to fight until the end to be in the top four.'	Juan Mata once again showed his value to the side and pointed the way with a display full of energy and poise.
Diego Simeone is made for England.	Though his collapse under the weight of a mere brush with David Beckham's boot in 1998 saw him characterised as the antithesis of Anglo-Saxon values, he is, in reality, more English than the English.	For that night in St Etienne - almost the last time an England team truly thrilled a global audience at the World Cup, even if they did so in defeat -- is remembered by Simeone for more than his notorious role in Beckham's sending off, which left England down to ten men for most of the match.	'That game was the best international match I've played in,' said Simeone, remembering the World Cup knock out match, which Argentina won on penalties after a 2-2 draw.	Given that he played 106 times for his country that is some compliment.	Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to second successive Champions League final.	England's David Beckham kicks out at former midfielder midfielder Simeone during the 1998 World Cup.'	I love playing against the English,' Simeone added.	'They're so passionate, so aggressive, so committed.	They were incredible that night.	Alan Shearer and Paul Ince were extraordinary.	At times it seemed Shearer was fighting us on his own.	You have to remember they played for 70 minutes with 10 men.'	And as Simeone stalked out on to the pitch at the end of the Champions League final last year, in full confrontational mode, seeking out Raphael Varane, who had kicked the ball at the Atletico bench in celebration of Real Madrid's 4-1 win, it was hard to not to get the image of the warrior footballer out of your head.	There is much more to Simeone than that of course.	He had come within two minutes of winning that Champions League final on a wage bill which was famously less than QPR's.	Since that defeat, he has exacted his revenge at every turn.	Real Madrid were beaten in the Spanish Super Cup over two legs, then knocked out of the Copa del Rey, also over two legs, by Atletico, beaten at the Bernebeu and then, most spectacularly, beaten 4-0 at the Vicente Calderon last February.	Beckham looks towards the referee during the World Cup clash between England and Argentina.	The former England man was shown a red card for lashing out at Simeone during the knock-out match.	Last week the teams drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final ; on Wednesday they resume hostilities at the Bernebeu.	Real may be marginal favourites but under Simeone, Atletico have gone from the side that could never beat Real Madrid -- they had n't won for 14 years against them -- to the side that (almost) never loses to them.	What is always unclear to outside observers is how the man famed for his confrontations and aggression became one of the most tactically astute coaches in Europe.	Of course, he always had leadership qualities and undeniable charisma.	In his native Argentina they always assumed he would be a manager, such was his dominance of the national team as a captain.	But his early results were very mixed.	He looked innovative and the man to watch at Estudiantes, where he was one of the first to use motivational video clips from films to inspire his players.	It worked: they chased down Boca Juniors for the league title even if he was, in those days, criticised for being overly focused on attacking players.	At River Plate though, it looked as if fighting talk and charisma only got you so far.	He finished bottom of the league and had to resign.	The Atleti boss confronts Raphael Varane during Real Madrid's 4-1 Champions League final win last year.	Simeone speaks to referee Bjorn Kuipers during the showpiece final at the Estadio da Luz.	He revived his reputation somewhat at Catania and Racing but when he was given the Atletico job in 2011, it seemed more like the old boys' network at work -- he was an iconic player there in the 1990s -- than the result of a meticulous recruitment process scouring the best tactical minds in Europe.	Of course, the success has been unrelenting, with a trophy every year: the Europa League in 2012 ; the Copa Del Rey in 2013, beating Jose Mourinho's Real in the final ; and the extraordinary feat of wining La Liga ahead of Barca and Real last season.	This year he is comfortably-placed for another Champions League spot but the title is out of the question.	Carlo Ancelotti though is right to be nervous ahead of Wednesday's quarter final.	If there were a team for the big occasion, it is Simeone's Atletico.	The 44-year-old got the better of Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho during his side's 3-1 victory at Stamford Bridge.	He makes a habit of out-witting Europe's best minds.	It is n't just Ancelotti who has been his victim.	Mourinho, too, back in that 2013 cup final and then again last season, when Atletico stunned Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.	Having brought the game back to 1-1 and being ahead on away goals, you might have expected Simeon's side to sit back.	But they came out for the second half pressing even harder, pushing forwards whenever they could.	In effect, Simone did precisely what the opposition least expected and were rewarded with a 3-1 win.	And yet there is something very English about Simeone's style.	It's not just the frequent use of 4-4-2, the wide men, the directness of their play at time and the physicality - it's their fighting spirit which characterises them and which might be stamped:'Made in England.'	It's why Simeone so related to Shearer and Ince and their performance in that extraordinary 2-2 draw in St Etienne.	Ince, Shearer, Simeone ; they're all cast from the same mould.	The Argentine manager is understandably adored by the Atletico faithful despite his team's combative style.	The Atletico players circle around Simeone as they prepare for the Champions League clash against Madrid.	He's not about to move, having just signed a new contract with Atletico until 2020 and we may never see him in the Premier League.	The problem for Simone is that his English values are no longer fashionable in England.	When Manchester City choose a new manager, it will be someone who can help to bring tiki taka football to the club, from academy to the first team, under the direction of Txiki Begiristain.	When Arsenal appoint, pretty football rather than fighting spirit are likely to be high up the agenda of the new coach.	Manchester United, now establishment, might baulk at a street fighter as manager, though they had one once before and he did n't do so badly.	He would be adored at Liverpool, but it would be another gear change from the Brendan Rodgers style that the club has embraced.	Chelsea, too, though falling back on Mourinho, also have had the Barcelona model in mind and are thought to be unimpressed with Simeone.	Maybe he has simply made too many enemies over the years.	But Simeone is useful antidote to those who think English football's traditional strengths have no place in the modern game.	Perhaps he's just become too English for the new England.	Atletico and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.	Simeone is tossed in the air by his players as they celebrate their Spanish league title last season.
Punched, elbowed, apparently bitten.	Just another night for an Atletico Madrid striker.	Yet this was not Diego Costa circa 2010 to 2014.	This was Mario Mandzukic involved in bust-up after bust-up as he shed blood and sweat against great rivals Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon.	When Atletico allowed Costa to sign for Chelsea on July 1, 2014, Diego Simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter.	Not for long, however.	Just nine days later, he bought Mandzukic from Bayern Munich, and the Croatia international looked every bit as aggressive on Tuesday night.	Blood pours from Mario Mandzukic's face during the Champions League quarter-final first leg in Madrid.	Sergio Ramos and Atletico Madrid striker Mandzukic continually clashed on Tuesday night during the tie.	Mandzukic proved he is a warrior with his performance against Real Madrid, just as Diego Costa was.	Costa gives John Terry, who is now his Chelsea team-mate, a stern look during a Champions League tie.	Nobody elbowed their way to the top quite like Costa -- from the streets of Brazil, to Spain, to England -- and the same went for Mandzukic in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.	The 28-year-old came to blows with defenders Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal -- drawing blood after an elbow to the face from the former, while receiving a punch, and possibly a bite, from the latter.	ITV pundit Paul Scholes said Mandzukic'made a meal of things' yet the evidence was there for all to see, pouring down his face.	Round two awaits at the Bernabeu next week.	Yet Mandzukic was as culpable as he was the victim.	He committed seven fouls, compared to 11 in total by Real Madrid, and it was more than any player has managed in a Champions League game against the winners of La Decima before.	The long-ball tactic by Atletico was not working, nor did Mandzukic have enough pace to beat a defence boasting Raphael Varane.	He had zero shots on or off target, completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes, and lacked the pace and darting runs Costa delivers.	Yet this was about playing rough, rather than scoring goals, and he played the role of warrior to perfection.	So much so that Simeone -- albeit riskily -- substituted his partner, Antoine Griezmann, after 77 minutes instead of the man on thin ice.	Mandzukic clashed with Dani Carvajal during the quarter-final first leg and played rough all night.	Mandzukic's heat map, who had zero shots on or off target, and completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes.	Mandzukic, despite failing to conjure a chance on Tuesday night, is a natural striker.	His CV includes Dinamo Zagreb, Wolfsburg and Bayern Munich, and he was imposing at every club.	Fifty-six goals in 132 appearances in Croatia's Prva HNL.	Fifty-three in 110 in Germany's Bundesliga.	All that added to Simeone feeling Mandzukic was next in line at a forward-thinking club that have a history of great strikers which stretches back decades.	No sooner had Fernando Torres left in 2007 for Liverpool, for example, than El Nino was replaced.	Sergio Aguero turned up, alongside Diego Forlan, and Torres was old news.	Aguero was deemed irreplaceable, until those in Madrid were introduced to Radamel Falcao the same year Kun left.	Then, when Falcao left for Monaco in 2013, it was Costa's turn, and so on.	Sergio Aguero signed for Atletico in 2006 and scored 74 goals in 175 appearances in La Liga in five years.	Radamel Falcao kept up an impressive 0.76 goals-to-game ratio during his time with Atletico from 2011.	Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink proved a great striker for Atletico as the club produce top forwards continually.	No sooner had Fernando Torres left in 2007 for Liverpool than El Nino was replaced at Vicente Caldero.	Mandzukic's tattoo on his lower back was on show, and it read:'What does n't kill you makes you stronger.'	Trouble for the striker is his ink -- written in Hebrew -- is backwards AND has grammatical mistakes so makes no sense!	The Spanish club do n't fret losing a striker.	They regroup, consider it a temporary inconvenience, and buy a replacement.	They have been doing so ever since Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink in 1999, and Christian Vieri the year before, and even further still.	It's the Atletico way.	It is not unlike what has happened with goalkeepers at the club.	David de Gea left in 2011 and was replaced by Thibaut Courtois, only for the previously-anonymous Jan Oblak to take over this year.	Much like their record with strikers, it looks inspired, as the 22-year-old who cost $16million (# 11.5 m) thwarted Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo and James Rodriguez almost single-handedly.	And so when Simeone lost Costa to Chelsea, he signed Antoine Griezmann and Mandzukic.	And if the latter's showing against Real is anything to go by, then the Atletico manager bought just about the closest thing he could find to replace the Barclays Premier League's joint-top goalscorer.	Mandzukic and Ramos exchange words during a heated battle between the Madrid rivals on Tuesday night.	Mandzukic shows off his battle wounds during the match between the two great Madrid rivals.
Atletico Madrid's Vicente Calderon has long been a fortress with no team scoring there in the Champions League for 663 minutes.	Last season the now Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was the reason for that but now the man keeping the clean sheets is Jan Oblak.	Sportsmail looks at the 22-year-old who has made Atletico fans forget about Courtois... and David De Gea.	No one knew too much about him last season outside of Portugal and Slovenia so was it a gamble?	You only have to look at his price tag to see how highly-rated he was.	He cost $16million (# 11.5 m) and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper.	The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer.	With experienced goalkeepers such as Petr Cech and Pepe Reina potentially available, going for a young relatively untried keeper looked a gamble but he already looks to have been money well spent.	Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.	Oblak gets down low to keep out a shot from Real Madrid's James Rodriguez in the second half.	A success right from the start of the season?	No.	Simeone likes to ease in new signings especially when they are young and 31-year-old Miguel Moya was signed from Getafe in the close season as back-up.	But the back-up became first choice because Oblak had a right hip injury in pre-season and was n't 100 per cent when the campaign started.	Moya played in the league with Oblak coming in for Champions League games but in his first match in Europe he conceded three goals from three shots.	He has recovered brilliantly and now the clamour is for him to start all matches.	Cristiano Ronaldo is thwarted in his attempt to open the scoring against rivals Atletico Madrid.	He has convinced everyone in Madrid?	Simeone's number two Mono Burgos is a big fan.	The Argentine is a former Atletico keeper and although he does n't train the goalkeepers he is convinced Atletico have found someone who can keep goal for them for years to come.	Pablo Vercellone who is the club's keeping coach is just as excited and even Iker Casillas is a fan.	The Real Madrid keeper said after Tuesday's game:'He was fantastic in the first 45 minutes.	We deserved more reward from all the chances we had but we did n't get it because he played so well.'	Oblak put in an impressive performance for Atletico against their great rivals Madrid on Tuesday.	And it really was a very special first half.	Atletico have not allowed a team to get six shots on target in one half of football all season but he stopped them all.	He also made two more stops in the second half when most of the football was being played at the other end and he had to stay awake.	Has he fitted into the dressing room?	He speaks some English, some Portuguese, and some Spanish so he can make himself understood without problems.	Still only 22 and living his first year in Spain he is predictably introverted but has a strong enough personality to impose himself on his defence.	Oblak stops Bale's attempt on goal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.	Other strengths?	We saw the shot stopping on Wednesday but his distribution is also a weapon for Atletico.	They were camped in their own half in the first 45 minutes against Real unable to get their passing going.	Oblak's long -- and importantly accurate -- throws and kicks forward to Mario Mandzukic were an important release.	How good can he become?	So good he'll be sold?	Atletico have already lost two brilliant keepers in De Gea who they could only keep for one season and Courtois who they were not able to take from Chelsea.	They will not want to lost Oblak and with foreign investment from the Wanda group in China the club does not have to sell it's best players -- he's at Atletico for good.	Atletico lost two brilliant keepers in De Gea and Courtois but the future looks bright with Oblak.
Caroline Wozniacki never doubted she would grace the courts of tennis' grand slam tournaments even when she was a giggling schoolgirl just coming through the ranks.	The former world No 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster, accompanied by the caption:' I made my schedule ahead of time.	Even as a 10/11 year old I was looking forward to Roland Garros #confidence #believe #impossibleisnothing'.	In the clip, the young Dane is seen thanking a succession of people for the'good week' she had at the youth tournament held on clay before signing off with a slightly embarrassed:'See you at Roland Garros'.	Former No 1 Caroline Wozniacki picks out what she will be wearing at this year's French Open.	A young Wozniacki is asked to say a few words after winning a youth tournament as an 11-year-old.	The Danish star signed off her first on court interview by saying:'See you at Roland Garros' Wozniacki made her French Open debut as a 17-year-old and will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final best she managed in 2010 when the tournament begins on May 25 - she has still never won a grand slam title, although she has reached the US Open final twice.	Whatever happens when events get underway in Paris next month, Wozniacki will be dressed to impress after offering a sneak preview of some of the outfits she will be wearing.	Wozniacki shared an Instagram picture of her looking through a collection of tennis garments, with the caption:' A behind the scenes picture from my @adidaswomen photoshoot shot a few months ago!	Ca n't wait to wear this #aSMC dress at the French Open!'	.	The Dane made her Roland Garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007.	Wozniacki plays a shot during last year's French Open - where she crashed out in the first round.
Mark Selby was straight into an auspicious groove as he began his title defence at the Betfred World Championship on Saturday.	The 31-year-old from Leicester rocked Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title, and returned to ease 6-3 ahead of Kurt Maflin in their first-round tussle.	No first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on, and that factor has taken the tag of the'Crucible curse'.	Mark Selby plays a shot in the first round match against Kurt Maflin on day one of the World Championship.	Mark Selby and Norwegian Kurt Maflin look on during their first round match at the Crucible in Sheffield.	Selby salutes the Crucible crowd on his arrival.	Selby is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner, having lifted the German Masters and China Open titles this year, and breaks of 84, 108, 53, 69 and 56 gave him a commanding lead to take into the evening session.	His match with Maflin concludes on Saturday, the only clash to reach a finish on day one of the tournament, and Selby looked like being too strong for his London-born opponent who currently represents Norway, where he has lived for more than a decade.	Maflin defeated Steve Davis in the qualifying stages, and he beat Selby in Germany last year, but this was a Crucible debut for the 31-year-old.	Selby, despite being just two months older than Maflin, is an old hand at the tournament, having made his first World Championship appearance 10 years ago.	They shared the four frames before the mid-session interval, Maflin making runs of 96 and 60, before Selby opened a two-frame lead and then also claimed the seventh after a re-spotted black.	It looked a pivotal frame, as Maflin twice attempted to double in the black but on the second occasion left Selby a long pot, which he fired assuredly into the centre of the pocket.	Selby match against Maflin concludes on Saturday, the only clash to finish on day one of the tournament.	Back came Maflin with an 88 break, but when Selby bustled through the last of the session he had a commanding advantage to take into the concluding session, needing just four more frames to reach the second round.	Hong Kong cueman Marco Fu took the final frame of the session with a break of 66 to nudge 5-4 in front of Bexhill's Jimmy Robertson.	Robertson was mauled 10-1 by Selby when making his World Championship debut four years ago, but after qualifying for the second time was making a stronger fist this time.	The 28-year-old Englishman briefly threatened to make a 147 maximum break, which would have been the 11th in the tournament's history, but missed the 11th red in the fifth frame.
Somehow, to the backdrop of supporter unrest, protests and a worst-ever start to a Premier League season, Alan Pardew managed to excavate five straight victories from a Newcastle side which ranks as their most uninspiring of recent years.	Many fans may be loath to admit as much -- others readily do -- but without that freakish run manufactured by an embattled Pardew, they would be headed for a second relegation in seven seasons.	Remove those five wins and United would have just 20 points -- the autumn run, then, has saved them from the fall.	Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season, who would only be on 20 points.	Newcastle's fans protested for the board to sack Pardew as manager and were delighted when he resigned.	When Pardew quit for Crystal Palace at the end of December, Newcastle were ninth.	They were seven points off fourth and 10 from danger.	Today -- on the back of six consecutive defeats - they are lucky that seven points still separate them from the bottom three, while the gap to fourth has extended to 29.	The 35 points on which they currently reside will probably be enough to renew their top-flight status.	Pardew won 26 of those.	Three weeks before embarking on that winning stretch, Pardew had appeared on the brink of dismissal.	Behind the scenes, owner Mike Ashley was never going to dispense with his manager on the say-so of fan fury.	Nonetheless, Pardew cut a resigned and wounded figure following a 1-0 defeat at Stoke which left Newcastle joint bottom with Burnley.	Since his departure the players have look uninterested and unhappy playing for the club and John Carver.	From the negativity, however, was born a perverse positivity, driven by Pardew' s determination to repair a reputation so badly stained that his next posting would surely have been outside of the Premier League.	Crucially, he kept his players on side -- no mean feat given their current levels of disinterest -- and so emerged a siege mentality which, on reflection, was to yield a season-saving 15 points.	Reputation restored, Pardew's exit plan was in place.	He'd had enough of playing politician, caught at the centre of a toxic relationship between Ashley and the club's fanbase.	The 53-year-old appeared to have hit rock bottom against Stoke but picked up the players for the winning run.	Replacement John Carver -- like Pardew, the sole public face of the crisis club -- is discovering just how poisonous that atmosphere has become.	It has now permeated a playing staff which, like the thousands of supporters who boycotted Sunday's 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs, have failed to turn up for the best part of 2015.	Pardew, of course, was not without some serious flaws, and it was he who presided over six straight losses last season.	But in his absence the club has begun to unravel.	The squad has shown its true colours -- a depressing grey which lacks energy, passion and invention.	Carver is proving he's not cut out for top-level management, with two wins in the last 14 games.	This sad situation, however, is the cause of a hierarchy which has stripped the club of ambition and meaning.	With each passing defeat and demonstration, it becomes more apparent that perhaps Pardew was not the problem.	In fact, without him, their problems could have been far worse.
The eighth wonder of the world is nearing completion in the seventh tier of English football.	In a park in the middle of a working-class suburb east of the city centre, builders are putting the finishing touches to FC United of Manchester's Broadhurst Park.	There are no pyramids, hanging gardens or light houses but there is a sweeping terrace, a series of football pitches and floodlight pylons.	FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium Broadhurst Park is nearing completion.	General manager Andy Walsh outside the new ground, which cost the democratic club a whopping # 6.5 m.	This a symbol that there is another way.	Another way a million miles away from billion-pound TV deals, fat-cat owners, sanitised stadia and all that many will tell you is wrong with modern football.	Set to host Benfica for the official opening on May 29, the 5,000-capacity stadium will finally end a nomadic decade on the road for the breakaway outfit set up in May 2005 by Manchester United fans sick of being exploited by the club they loved, for whom the arrival of the Glazer family was a step too far.	Broadhurst (some mischievous souls voted for FCUM Hall in the naming poll), dismissed by many as an impossible dream, cost around # 6.5 m. Of that colossal sum around half came from the pockets of the democratic club's 4,000 members.	The rest came from grants with around # 500,000 loaned by the council.	It is a ground for the fans, paid for by the fans.	The function room at the new ground is part of a stadium that will also serve the local community.	Broadhurst Park is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of Old Trafford, seven miles away across the city.	But is it two fingers up at the debt-burdening Americans still in charge seven miles across the city?	'That's a daft question,' says general manager Andy Walsh.	'Establishing this football ground is a statement of what football supporters can achieve if they are given the opportunity,' he adds.	They are strong words from a man who believes in standing up for what he believes in.	Far from marching proudly into a new stadium, 25 years ago Andy, now 52, was nervously stepping into a prison cell for non-payment of poll tax.	It was those principles that saw him leave behind a steady job as a driving instructor (with a wife and two kids to support) to take his current role leading the rebels with a cause in 2006 and, with a heavy heart, vow never to set foot inside his beloved Old Trafford again until the Glazers were gone.	Broadhurst, with its view of the bright lights of Oldham across the valley, is a far cry from today's Old Trafford.	It is also not your identikit, breeze-blocked modern stadium.	Behind one goal is a 2,500-capacity terrace, salvaged from Northwich Victoria.	The changing rooms at the new ground are simple, but Walsh says the club are ambitious for progress.	On matchdays one of the stands will house a food market, with local businesses from Indian takeaways to vegan cafes offering fans their fayre.	In the clubhouse supporters will not drink Budweiser, or Aperol Spritz but cask ale from Manchester brewers Joseph Holt.	The local brew of the day's opposition will also be imported for each match while the club is planning to install a microbrewery.	Dozens of volunteers have helped to build it.	One fan donated a lift.	Fruit trees will make it the first pollinator-friendly football ground in the country.	Discussions, however, are ongoing over the pies.	'We have to get that one right,' says Andy, but the provider will be a local firm in line with the club's policy.	The physio room will turn into a medical suite for the community on non-match days and there is a classroom for the club's academy and for the use of those from the surrounding area.	On the back of the main stand there is wooden cladding -- a nod to the wooden sleepers of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company which spawned the first incarnation of Manchester United just down the road in Newton Heath 136 years ago.	Walsh explains the plans for the stadium to Sportsmail's Mike Keegan (right) at the new ground.	'We're a mile away from Northampton Road (Newton Heath's first ground),' says Andy.	'We wanted to be within the M60 ring road.	That we are so close to where it began is a happy coincidence.'	Andy, born and raised a stone's throw from the Stretford End, is expecting a 20 per cent rise on the club's already impressive average attendances of 2,000 as they seek to end four years of play-off heartbreak and gain promotion to the Conference North.	It sounds conservative, but he does admit to having one eye on the future and what feels like an inevitable progression to the Football League.	'We've got an opportunity to use the revenue we generate to invest in our club,' he says.	'This is not just a ground that has been built for the level we are at.	We want promotion this year and we will continue to press our way up the leagues as resources allow.'	So will Andy, whose side need a maximum of five points from their remaining three matches to secure the title, be sat in the director's box when the dream is finally realised and the teams run out?	'No,' he says.'	I will be stood on the 18-yard line of the end we are attacking.	That's my preferred spot.'	The club's badge features a ship, to showcase the city's canal-building past, explains Walsh.	The club was formed when Manchester United were bought by the American Malcolm Glazer in 2005.	He, like the club, does things differently.	FC fans call it Punk Football.	For Andy, however, it is an extension of a longstanding Mancunian tradition.	'There's a spirit in Manchester of radicalism and creative thinking,' he says.	'Of challenging the norm and looking at different ways of doing things.	Everything from electoral reform -- the establishment of the suffragette movement to innovation in industry.	'The first ever computer, the first ever public library and the first ever public park.	Our crest itself speaks of that.	The ship is because we built the canal.	We brought the sea into the centre of Manchester.	That's symbolic.	It's on our city crest, it's on our club crest.'	Unfortunately, Andy has to leave to try and push the project over the line.	The FC United of Manchester team in 2005, when they played as a nomadic club without a ground.	The club's fans turned their back on the commercialism of Old Trafford and started a democratic club.	Time for one last question.	Sir Alex Ferguson famously had little time for FC United and having the audacity to mention them at a press conference destroyed the relationship one local reporter enjoyed with the Scot.	The latest incumbent, however, is a son of Amsterdam, where they know all about challenging authority and doing things a little differently.	So will Louis van Gaal find a ticket to a match at Broadhurst Park on his doormat?	'That's a good question,' Andy says.	'We have no plans to invite anybody form Manchester United to a game.'	After a long pause he adds:'We would, however, have no objections if they wanted to attend.'	If they do they will have to join the queue.
The Fulham fans in the Jimmy Steed Stand applauded their team at the final whistle.	It was not the victory manager Kit Symons had called for but a point away to Charlton probably secures their future in the Championship next season.	They are eight points clear of Millwall and bar a miraculous resurgence from one of the bottom three sides will stay up but the fact relegation is still mathematically feasible for a club that were in the Premier League last season is alarming.	A vertiginous decline, just one victory in their last seven games had seen them dragged back into a relegation battle and after a painful 4-1 trouncing by bitter rivals Brentford last week, Symons was looking for a quick response from his players.	Johann Gudmundsson celebrates his first-half effort as Charlton come from behind to earn a point.	The Icelandic winger is joined by his Charlton teammates as they celebrate his equaliser at The Valley.	He got it with Ross McCormack giving them the lead after eight minutes.	A superb long ball by Michael Turner found Matt Smith who headed on to the Scotsman to loop the ball over the top of Charlton goalkeeper Stephen Henderson in front of the 1620 travelling fans in the Jimmy Seed stand.	The passage of time has clearly not dulled the bad feeling Charlton fans harbour towards Scott Parker.	The midfielder, who missed the Brentford game through illness, departed the club more than a decade ago but his every touch of the ball was greeted by a chorus of boos.	Not that it seemed to affect him as he dictated the pace of the game in the early stages, feeding striker Smith well.	Ross McCormack headed over a stranded Stephen Henderson with just eight minutes played in London.	McCormack celebrates his goal in front of the traveling Fulham fans with just eight minutes played.	Charlton Athletic: Henderson, Gomez, Ben Haim, Johnson, Fox, Johann Gudmundsson, Cousins, Diarra, Bulot (Eagles 70) Vetokele (Church 79) Watt.	Subs: Bikey Amougou, Wiggins, Lennon, Dmitrovic, Lepoint.	Fulham: Bettinelli, Hoogland, Burn, Turner, Husband, Parker, Tunnicliffe, Guthrie, (Kacaniklic 68), Kavanagh (Ruiz 68), Smith, McCormack.	Subs: Kiraly, Stafylidis, Woodrow, Rodallega, Donnelly.	But Charlton hit back with a 16th minute equaliser.	Morgan Fox's cross bounced across the front of goal and Frederic Bulot swung a leg at it but could not connect.	It was left for a waiting Johann Gudmundsson to fire his 10th goal of the season into the top right corner.	Goalkeeper Marcus Bettinelli, who seemed rooted to the spot, wisely dragged a furious James Husband, who seemed to believe the goal offside, from a confrontation with the linesman.	Almost the whole stadium thought Gudmundsson had nabbed his second when Igor Vetokele set him up with the whole goal to aim at but the winger contrived to miss, hitting the side netting instead.	The second half was low in quality but high in chances.	The visitors seemed reenergised after the interval, forcing a save in the 46th minute.	Matt Smith found space in the centre of the box and got his head on a pinpoint James Husband cross but Henderson did well to thwart the effort.	Charlton soon asserted control with Tony Watt going close three times before Parker was booked for bringing him down with a late challenge.	The Charlton players were outraged when referee Andy Madley awarded Fulham a free kick 25 yards out deep into stoppage time but McCormack blasted the ball over the bar.	Joseph Gomez and Dan Burn fight for the ball during match between Charlton Athletic and Fulham.	Fulham now sit 20th in the table eight points clear of fellow London rivals Millwall, but Symons is refusing to relax just yet.	He said:'We're definitely not safe until it's mathematically sure because this league is topsy turvy at both ends and it is going to go to the wire.	'But I ca n't be greedy so I will take the point and I was pleased with the performance.'	Tony Watt skips past Danny Gutherie during the Sky Bet Championship match The Valley.
The Manchester derby will be more like El Clasico, with 14 native Spanish-speaking players due to be involved.	Eight of United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.	They are David de Gea, Victor Valdes, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera (all Spain), Marcos Rojo, Angel di Maria (both Argentina), Antonio Valencia (Ecuador) and Falcao (Colombia) at United, and Willy Caballero, Pablo Zabaleta, Martin Demichelis, Sergio Aguero (all Argentina), Jesus Navas and David Silva (both Spain) at City.	Sergio Aguero will be one of 14 native Spanish-speaking players to feature in the Manchester derby on Sunday.	United captain Wayne Rooney (centre) is likely to be just one of nine English-speakers to feature on Sunday.	Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides' respective 18-man squads including England internationals Phil Jones, Michael Carrick, Ashley Young, Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, James Milner as well as Frank Lampard.	Both clubs pride themselves on bringing through their own products.	However, when Sir Alex arrived at Old Trafford he was disgusted to learn that City scooped the cream of Manchester's talent and quickly (and successfully) set about putting that right.	A generation such as the Class of'92 is unlikely to be seen again, but the derby could see no Mancunians in either squad for the second time in a row.	Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at United.	Along with Ferguson, Eric Harrison (left) brought through the Class of 92, to include Ryan Giggs, Nicky Butt, David Beckham, Gary Neville, Phil Neville, Paul Scholes and Terry Cooke.	For three years, after the departure of Wes Brown to Sunderland, Danny Welbeck flew the Manchester flag.	But following the Longsight lad's move to Arsenal, November's first instalment at the Etihad Stadium saw not one hometown native in either squad for the first time in living memory.	Rooney was only born 30 miles down the road but he may as well be from another planet as far as many from this neck of the woods are concerned.	Unless Tyler Blackett can stun the football world and force his way into Louis van Gaal's United line-up, it will be a Manc-free derby.	Unless Tyler Blackett (centre) makes a comeback for United there wo n't be any local lads in the two XIs.
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him, Gareth Bale left it knowing that once again the fingers of blame will be pointing at him after his first half miss after Diego Godin's slip.	On a night when Atletico Madrid's defence once again showed why it is one of the toughest to break down in Europe all three Real Madrid forwards were unable to get the better of their rivals.	Bale was often the brightest of Real's front three but his miss was still the clearest.	Bale will not find too much consolation in the fact that he linked well with Ronaldo in the first half.	With Atletico Madrid's left-back position still bearing a Filipe Luis-shaped hole, Bale attacked at will and he looked for Ronaldo with his crosses as the Portuguese found himself in centre-forward territory regularly throughout the first 45 minutes.	Cristiano Ronaldo is confronted by a supporter at the end of the 0-0 draw on Tuesday night.	Ronaldo gives the fan a hug after a frustrating night at the Vicente Calderon for Real Madrid.	There seems little doubt the man who is fast approaching Real's all-time goals record will finish his playing days as a central striker and he came into this game with a scoring rate of a goal every 74 minutes and seven goals in his last three matches.	Bale had scored five in his last four games.	Ronaldo had hit 15 in his 20 Madrid derbies ; Bale had only netted one goal against Atletico, but what a goal it was -- the strike that won the Champions League final.	But neither man could find the finish to give Real a vital away goal.	Both Bale and Ronaldo scored in extra-time in Lisbon and only an incredible performance from Jan Oblak prevented them from doing so in the first half.	Bale had embraced his pal Luka Modric just before kick-off and the Croatian midfielder did his best to feed him at every opportunity.	Gareth Bale misses the best chance of the match early in the first half as Jan Oblak saves.	Ronaldo is squeezed out by Atletico midfielders Mario Suarez (left) and Gabi.	When free-kicks came Real's way they were almost all taken by Ronaldo, although Bale was allowed to run over one -- and in fairness to Ronaldo all the set-pieces were awarded on Ronaldo's favoured left-side of the penalty area.	In the second half as Real's momentum faded so did their deadly duo's influence on the game.	Bale apologised to Ronaldo after one misplaced pass.	He probably should n't have because he would have received the ball sooner if Ronaldo had not intercepted it before he reached him.	Their understanding on the pitch still looks like it needs some working on but they will remain the biggest threat to Atletico in a week's time.	Bale stretches to control the ball as Atletico's Turkish winger Arda Turan looks on.
The Champions League returned this week with eight teams vying for a place in the semi-finals.	Three of them are from Spain and with Madrid rivals Real and Atletico, squaring up on Tuesday, the papers had plenty to go on.	They focused on the derby clash, which ended 0-0 thanks to an inspiring display from Atletico keeper Jan Oblak.	Marca's front page on Wednesday leads on Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak's impressive display.	Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico, while Barcelona prepare for their European tie with PSG.	Marca led with:'The Oblak Wall', while AS claim that Real could have settled the tie in the first half,'... but Oblak said no.'	The Spanish papers were also quick to praise'dazzling displays' from Raphael Varane and Arda Turan, for Real and Atletico respectively, while noting that Carlo Ancelotti's side failed to score on a fourth straight visit to the Vicente Calderon.	AS described the tie as still having everything to play for as the two sides head to the Bernabeu on April 22, but suspended Marcelo and Merio Suarez will both miss the game.	Wednesday night sees the final Spanish team take to the field, as Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the French capital.	AS claim that Real Madrid could have settled the tie in the first half...'but Oblak said no' The Slovenian goalkeeper, who is not even his country's No 1, prepares to save a shot from Gareth Bale.	Marca note that Barca face the only team to have beaten them in the Champions League this season ; a Group F match in which PSG ran out 3-2 winners in September.	Neymar will start for Barcelona, according to AS, despite his reaction to being substituted against Sevilla.	The Brazilian superstar was seen gesturing behind manager Luis Enrique's back and appeared unhappy to have been taken off.	Enrique, though, says:'I've not seen the pictures from the Pizjuan (Sevilla's stadium)'.	Mundo Deportivo claim that Barca need to leave the'silly things' to one side in a decisive game.	PSG do not have Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Thiago Motta or Marco Verratti to call upon, but they do have'David Luiz and a dangerous attack.'	The Italian papers focus on Juventus' important victory over Monaco in their Champions League quarter-final.	Arturo Vidal took most of the plaudits from the press after scoring the only goal from the penalty spot.	Over in Italy, Wednesday's newspapers are screaming the name of Arturo Vidal, who scored the only goal of the game to give Juventus the advantage over opponents Monaco.	Although the Chilean took most of the plaudits, La Gazzetta dello Sport pay tribute to goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, labelling him'the best on the pitch'.	The Italian paper are honest in their assessment of the result, admitting that Vidal's goal came from a'disputed penalty', and they call the win a'precious result'.	Elsewhere, Corriere dello Sport write of a'stretched and difficult match' while Allegri, after the game, commented:'See?	They are strong...' Tuttosport lead with the headline'Ole Vidal', with a picture of the Chilean's screaming celebration in front of the home fans.	The next leg will take place next Wednesday in Monaco.
Every weekend, Sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the Barclays Premier League team of the day.	It was the Saturday that saw Leicester City keep their survival chances alive by coming from behind to beat West Brom and Tim Sherwood claim a priceless victory for Aston Villa at his former club Tottenham.	Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace shoved Sunderland closer to the drop zone, while Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton.	Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a 1-0 win over Burnley, while the matches between West Ham-Stoke City and Swansea City-Everton ended in 1-1 draws.	GOALKEEPER.	Brad Guzan 7.5 (Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA).	This could prove the key moment if Aston Villa are to preserve their Premier League status, as Tim Sherwood returned to White Hart Lane and beat the club who ditched him last summer.	He'll be grateful to goalkeeper Brad Guzan, who made a number of important saves to keep the Spurs challenge at bay.	Goalkeeper Brad Guzan celebrates after Aston Villa's vital 1-0 win at Tottenham on Saturday.	DEFENCE.	Leandro Bacuna 7.5 (Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA).	It was an afternoon for stout hearts in the Villa defence as they clung on to Christian Benteke's 35th-minute goal but nobody was found wanting.	Bacuna was effective in dealing with the Tottenham threat down his side of the pitch and also set up the winning goal.	Villa's Leandro Bacuna tacks a run by Tottenham's Danny Rose during their 1-0 win at White Hart Lane.	Scott Dann 7 (Sunderland vs CRYSTAL PALACE).	Few preidcted that Palace would be sitting comfortably in 11th place at this point of the season, but that's the situation after their impressive 4-1 win at beleaguered Sunderland.	Yannick Bolasie may have stolen the headlines but it was a win build also on solid defence and Dann was their stand-out performer at the back.	Scott Dann tries to block an effort from Sunderland's Steven Fletcher during Saturday's contest.	Ron Vlaar 8 (Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA).	After Benteke's opening goal on 35 minutes, Villa had to soak up a lot of Tottenham pressure and their central defensive pairing of Vlaar and Nathan Baker was excellent.	The Dutchman needed to draw on a good deal of his experience and he commanded the back line with aplomb.	Ron Vlaar keeps a check on in-form Tottenham striker Harry Kane at White Hart Lane.	Nacho Monreal 7 (Burnley vs ARSENAL).	Arsenal have found a new resoluteness on their travels and this was much in evidence at Turf Moor as they came away with a narrow but well-deserved win over Burnley.	Monreal was a big part of this, performing his duties well both at the back and going forward.	Nacho Monreal controls the ball during Arsenal's 1-0 win at Burnley on Saturday.	MIDFIELD.	Fabian Delph 8 (Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA).	Delph has been a bright point in an otherwise disheartening season for Villa and he was one of their strongest performers again at Tottenham as he took control of the midfield battle.	Indeed, the England international could have scored a second goal towards the end but one was enough for Sherwood's team.	Fabian Delph turns away with the ball from Tottenham winger Andros Townsend.	Aaron Ramsey 8.5 (Burnley vs ARSENAL).	While the Gunners' resugrence may have come to late to stop Chelsea claiming the title, their form since the turn of the year has offered great encouragement.	Ramsey is often at the core of this and his energetic performance at Burnley was rewarded with a 12th-minute winner that took Arsenal's record to 15 wins in 17 games.	Aaron Ramsey celebrates with Hector Bellerin after scoring what proved to be Arsenal's winner at Burnley.	Wilfried Zaha 7.5 (Sunderland vs CRYSTAL PALACE).	'Ruthless, unforgiving... Too fast, too powerful' - that was the verdict of Sportsmail's Craig Hope on Zaha as Palace ran riot at Sunderland.	The winger was a constant menace for the home defence and helped improve Palace's record to 25 points from a possible 36 since Alan Pardew took charge.	Wilfried Zaha gets past Sunderland's Steven Fletcher to set off on one of his marauding runs.	FORWARDS.	Yannick Bolasie 9 (Sunderland vs CRYSTAL PALACE).	A moment of history for Bolasie as he became the first Palace player to score a hat-trick in the Premier League.	His treble at the Stadium of Light came in an electric 11 minutes after the break and turned a slender away victory into a rout.	His second was the best, a chip over Costel Pantilimon after he pounced to rob a dithering John O'Shea of the ball.	Yannick Bolasie wheels away in celebration after completing his hat-trick for Palace against Sunderland.	Christian Benteke 8.5 (Tottenham vs ASTON VILLA).	Benteke's 11 goals this season have been vital in keeping their head above water in the Premier League relegation battle and he again popped up with the winner at Spurs.	Benteke outjumped Fazio to reach a Bacuna cross and direct a header beyond Michel Vorm to settle the contest.	Christian Benteke celebrates his winner for Aston Villa against Tottenham at White Hart Lane.	Jamie Vardy 7.5 (West Brom vs LEICESTER).	His stoppage time goal at The Hawthorns offered fresh hope that Leicester may pull off the Great Escape and came about through sheer force of will.	Vardy robbed Gareth McAuley of possession on the halfway line and advanced beyond Joleon Lescott to score and complete Leicester's late comeback.	Jamie Vardy celebrates his stoppage time winner for Leicester City at West Brom.
Too strong, too hungry and too powerful.	All over the field Manchester United were superior.	It has been a while since we have said that, in this fixture at least.	A season that seemed to be heading nowhere when Arsenal defeated them in the FA Cup last month will perhaps now be remembered for a return to European football and also for this, a victory over their neighbours that was even more complete, more absolute, than the scoreline suggests.	United used to do this to City all the time.	They used to bully them, pass through them, demoralise them and embarrass them.	But not since 2009-10 when United beat City twice in the Barclays Premier League and edged a League Cup semi-final have they brutalised them like this.	Old Trafford roars with Marouane Fellaini after the influential Belgian gave the Red Devils an advantage they never looked like relinquishing.	Fellaini leaps to meet man-of-the-match Ashley Young's superb cross with a thumping header to send Old Trafford into a state of euphoria.	City's defence was caught flatfooted and Joe Hart could only watch as Fellaini's header flew into the net on a great day for the hosts.	Juan Mata was released by Wayne Rooney and the Spaniard ran through to shoot between Hart's legs to extend the host's advantage.	Mata once again showed his value to the side and pointed the way with a display full of energy, poise and intelligence.	Chris Smalling showed his hunger to beat a lethargic City defence to Young's free-kick to add a fourth to give the score more gloss.	All of United's outfield players congratulate Smalling after his close-range header ensured the red side of Manchester has bragging rights.	Young latches on to a loose ball which bounced off Gael Clichy and fires past the despairing dive of Hart to level matters.	Wayne Rooney cannons the ball into the net in celebration to release a shower of water as Juan Mata and Young charge to the sidelines.	Sergio Aguero finishes off a surgical move for the opener, tapping David Silva's cross into the empty net to give the visitors hope.	The United defence looked at sixes and sevens as David de Gea fumes after conceding an early goal to their City rivals.	Aguero made it a double late of, latching on to Pablo Zabaleta's cross, but City leave Old Trafford with very little to cheer about.	Time will tell what the ramifications will be.	United will surely take third place in the league.	That looks a certainty now.	For City, everything suddenly seems unclear, including their manager's position and their own place in the top four.	Here at a rapturous Old Trafford, United played like a team that had been waiting for this day.	City looked like a team waiting for the season to end.	City actually bookended this game with two very good goals, Sergio Aguero scoring in the eighth and 88th minutes.	What happened in between, however, served to confirm recent indications that United have finally found their true selves while City have fallen off the edge of the proverbial cliff.	The home team had all the game's best players.	Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young, Daley Blind and Juan Mata were all excellent and key to events.	City, on the other hand, hardly had a player who will reflect on this comfortably.	For 10 minutes, City were excellent.	They have grown used to coming here and starting like this.	MANCHESTER UNITED (4-1-41): De Gea 6.5, Valencia 6.5, Smalling 6.5, Jones 6 (Rojo 75), Blind 6, Carrick 7, Mata 7 (Di Maria 81), Ander Herrera 6, Fellaini 7.5 (Falcao 83), Young 8, Rooney 6.5.	Subs not used: Da Silva, Januzaj, Valdes, McNair.	Goals: Young 14, Fellaini 28, Mata 67, Smalling 73.	MANCHESTER CITY (4-4-1-1): Hart 5.5, Zabaleta 6, Kompany 5 (Mangala 46), Demichelis 6, Clichy 5, Jesus Navas 5 (Lampard 73), Toure 6, Fernandinho 5.5, Milner 5.5 (Nasri 63), Silva 6, Aguero 7.	Subs not used: Fernando, Dzeko, Kolarov, Caballero.	Booked: Milner, Silva, Kompany.	Goals: Aguero 8, 89.	Referee: Mark Clattenburg.	Attendance: 75,313.	Man of the match: Ashley Young.	Ratings by Chris Wheeler.	United never looked back after Fellaini's goal.	Check out more from Match Zone.	Manuel Pellegrini shifts uncomfortably in his seat during a torrid afternoon for his rudderless side, who are now six points behind United.	Yaya Toure, who was anonymous all afternoon, trudges towards the centre circle after City concede another goal to the Red Devils.	Many felt Vincent Kompany was fortunate to escape with just a booking after this challenge on Daley Blind just before the half-time whistle.	The Dutchman flew into the air after Kompany's stud high tackle just before the break and many felt he was lucky to just receive a booking.	Mark Clattenburg books the City captain, who was substituted immediately after half-time.	Last season Edin Dzeko scored early and the game finished 3-0.	This time, a move began by Gael Clichy and soon joined by a David Silva dash to the by-line was finished off by Aguero.	A goal ahead and with three clear chances already to reflect on, City seemed to have given themselves a platform while United looked hesitant.	Silva seemed to be readying himself for a stellar afternoon.	United, though, have been running hot on belief recently and that has made an enormous difference to their play.	The fact they managed to fashion an equaliser from a position of vulnerability spoke volumes.	Goalkeeper David de Gea actually looked to be in trouble as Jesus Navas attempted to run on to a short back-pass in the 14th minute and the ensuing clearance was more of a hack than a measured pass to the left wing.	But when Fellaini won a challenge with Pablo Zabaleta opportunity suddenly beckoned.	The ball broke to Ander Herrera and when he crossed to the near post Young edged his dual with Clichy to nudge the ball over the line after it broke off both of them.	Wayne Rooney leaps onto Fellaini's back after United take the lead through the big Belgian, who has had an excellent renaissance recently.	Ander Herrera skips inside fellow countryman David Silva during another decent showing from the Spaniard, who pulled the strings.	Mata gives Gael Clichy something to think about as the mercurial Spaniard plots another attack for the hosts.	Coming at a time when United had looked weak, the psychological effects of the equaliser were immediate and far reaching.	The momentum of the game shifted towards red and City never managed to reverse it.	United were not particularly fluent and it was, for a while, a tight game played in an atmosphere that reflected the stakes.	However, the home team looked to have more energy, more purpose and more conviction.	This is what confidence does to a team and by the 21st minute they were in the lead.	This time, City had to ask themselves questions and over the remainder of the game it became a theme.	The threat in the air from Fellaini was obvious but somehow he managed to isolate Clichy at the far post as Young crossed above the head of the taller Martin Demichelis, who was essentially marking nobody.	It was, as the bare facts suggest, a mismatch and Fellaini powered above his opponent to head the ball through Joe Hart and in to the corner.	Less than a quarter of the game had gone but already the road back for City looked long.	From that point on until Aguero's late consolation, City hardly made a chance.	Aguero finished off an incisive City move which cut through United's defence in an impressive opening spell.	United went back to basics for the leveller, with Young pouncing after Herrera's cross hit Gael Clichy.	United exploited City's right wing for their second too, with Young and Daley Blind combining to great effect.	Intelligent play from Rooney set up the third, with Mata darting through and coolly slotting home.	Smalling rose unmarked to head Young's free-kick beyond Hart to make it 4-1 for rampant United.	Aguero gave a semblance of respectability to the scoreline by meeting Pablo Zabaleta's cross late on.	As half-time neared, their captain Vincent Kompany could have been sent off for a lunge at Blind.	As it was, he strained a muscle making the challenge and did n't reappear for a second period that began with Hart saving Wayne Rooney's free-kick and then Michael Carrick's follow-up.	City desperately needed a foothold but could n't find one.	They enjoyed some possession but conviction was absent and when Demichelis dashed senselessly from his position Blind and Rooney were able to pick up the pieces to play in Mata, who looked offside, for the decisive third goal.	From here on in, only the winning margin was in doubt and when Chris Smalling ran off Demichelis's shoulder to head in the fourth from a Young free-kick anything seemed possible.	As it turned out the final act belonged to Aguero -- Zabaleta the provider this time -- and the winning margin settled at a rather modest two.	That does n't tell the story, though.	United were dominant and, at times, rather rampant.	For the first time in a while, they held City in their grip.	Afterwards, Louis van Gaal suggested he would spend the evening at his favourite Manchester restaurant, Wings.	It was appropriate.	His team, finally, are in flight.	Sir Alex Ferguson returned to his old stomping ground to see his former charges beat the'noisy neighbours' Roy Hodgson shares a joke before kick-off and will have been pleased with several performances.	United co-chairmen Avram Glazer (right) was also in the stands to see a vital derby victory.
Manchester City's captain Vincent Kompany, manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance to watch the club's Under 18s side fall to a 3-1 defeat by Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final final first-leg.	Big-spending City, who have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars over the last few transfer windows, are often criticised for the lack of young players to come through their academy ranks.	So, it was reassuring to see Kompany and Pellegrini at the game on Monday night, even if was to witness a loss.	Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany (right) watches the club's Under 18s side take on Chelsea.	Sadly, Kompany witnesses a 3-1 defeat as Chelsea take a strong lead in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg.	City manager Manuel Pellegrini (third from right) also attends the Academy Stadium on Monday night.	Pellegrini watches on as City's youngsters fall to a 3-1 defeat in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg on Monday.	City's head of youth development and former midfielder Patrick Vieira also attends the game on Monday.	In-form forward Tammy Abraham fired Chelsea ahead in the seventh minute with a stunning volley, but that lead did n't last long with City responding through Isaac Buckley's slick low finish inside the box two minutes later.	But Abraham restored the visitors' lead before half-time, hooking the ball into the net with an improvised and acrobatic finish at close-range from a corner - his 36th goal this term.	Dominic Solanke then sealed the win for Chelsea two minutes from time, latching onto a Charly Musonda through ball and slotting coolly past the keeper.	It remains to be seen how many of either of these sides' young stars will progress on to their respective first-teams.	Chelsea's first-team are currently top of the Premier League table, while Manchester City's are fourth.	Chelsea's Jake Clarke Salter (left) slides to block a shot from Manchester City's Manuel Garcia (right).	Chelsea forward Dominic Solanke (right) celebrates after scoring his side's third goal against Chelsea.	Chelsea's Tammy Abraham (right) tussles for possession with City's Garcia (left) on Monday night.	Chelsea's Issiah Brown (right) shields the ball away from the challenge of the oncoming Pablo Matteo (left).
Young professional footballers can be an easy target with some of their behaviour but on Thursday afternoon it was refreshing to sit down and talk with Danny Welbeck.	He struck me as a thoroughly decent young man who lives his life the right way.	He is a credit to his family and his easy-going manner means he must a dream to work with.	We discussed life at Arsenal, scoring against Manchester United and his FA Cup dreams.	You can watch the full interview on Football Focus on BBC One today at 12.10 pm and Reading's semi-final with Arsenal live on BBC One from 5.05 pm.	Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.	MARTIN KEOWN: You've played at Wembley many times and you've played in a semi-final as well but you're now one step away from an FA Cup final.	Does that bring extra nerves?	DANNY WELBECK: Not really.	I think we've basically just got to play the game, not the occasion.	The team was in this position last year and coming up against Wigan proved to be one of the toughest games of the season.	Against Reading today is going to be another tough game.	We've just got to approach it the right way and we want to get through to the final.	Welbeck expects a tough test as Arsenal face a Championship side at Wembley for the second year in a row.	KEOWN: How are you settling in?	You seem to have been here all your life almost and you've only been here seven or eight months.	WELBECK: The staff at the club, at the training ground and everyone has been very welcoming.	The fans have been brilliant.	My team-mates are class and I'm just really enjoying my time here.	I've settled in very well.	It's a transitional year for me, getting to know new players, new team-mates, new systems and new ways of going about things at a different club.	I think I've put in a few good performances.	I've been unlucky on the club front with goals and that's something I know will come in abundance when I get to know everything spot on with the club and I'm pretty sure that will happen.	The Arsenal striker thinks he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role.	KEOWN: You talk about goals, you're playing in a wide position.	What's your favourite position?	WELBECK: It's no secret I prefer to play down the middle.	But the formation we play at Arsenal, you're playing on the left or the right.	We're always interchanging, playing in a three-man attack.	It's much easier doing that than playing left midfield or left wing in a four-man midfield.	KEOWN: Wenger has worked with lots of strikers over the years and been able to develop them.	What's the area that he's working on most with you most of all?	WELBECK: We talk about the game, we analyse performances and on the training pitch we've also got the other staff here so after training we do a bit of individual work so that happens every day.	You are always looking at ways to improve as a player, to develop and I feel like I am developing well as a player.	Welbeck, who says he has been made to feel very welcome at Arsenal, holds of Nacho Monreal in training.	KEOWN: Is it your movement he works on?	Is it holding up the ball?	Finishing?	Or is it a combination?	WELBECK: It's a combination of everything.	You do n't just work on one thing.	Every single day all the lads after training go out and do finishing.	KEOWN: Does that become competitive?	To see who can score the most goals?	WELBECK: Yeah it does!	It gets competitive but it's obviously all fun.	But at the end of the day nobody wants to come last.	We work on a lot of areas of our game.	Like his team-mate Theo Walcott, Welbeck is often forced out wide, despite preferring being a central striker.	KEOWN: In the last round you put out Manchester United.	How did it feel to score at Old Trafford?	WELBECK: It was a weird occasion for me going to back to Old Trafford on the away side.	The weirdest thing was warming up on the other side of the pitch.	It just felt a bit weird.	But you have to treat it like it's any other game and play the game, not the occasion.	Obviously I was going back to a club that brought me up and going back to the fans that supported me for years, playing against old team-mates, my old friends, it was a weird occasion.	But I scored the goal, a big goal to get us through to the semi-final.	So it was a spur of the moment to celebrate.	The English international scored the winning goal on his return to Old Trafford in the quarter finals last month.	KEOWN: Did it cross your mind not to celebrate?	WELBECK: Leading up to the game I had no plans whatsoever.	I just wanted to play the game, get it over and done with and get through to Wembley and get to the semi-final.	That's what happened.	I scored the goal and whatever I did I would have been criticised -- criticised if I celebrated or criticised if I did n't.	It was just spur of the moment.	KEOWN: Against Manchester United you seemed extra motivated.	Was it anything to do with Louis Van Gaal's comments before the match?	WELBECK: I did n't see the comments.	Going into every game I want to be motivated.	Playing against Manchester United -- I did it earlier in the season at the Emirates -- and then it was a bit different this time going back to Old Trafford.	There was motivation there but I'm motivated in every game.	I want to do well for my team, try and win the game and in that case get through to the semi-final.	Listen, everyone is entitled to their own opinions, some you like, some you do n't like but that's just football and it's life.	You deal with it.	Welbeck celebrates in front of his old fans, a decision he says was entirely spur of the moment.	KEOWN: I think you showed a lot of mental strength going into that situation.	It's always difficult going back.	WELBECK: You've got to be strong mentally living the life and being a professional footballer.	There's a lot of people out to get you and whatever you do, everyone's watching.	You've just got to be switched on 100 per cent of the time.	That's just the way I've been brought up.	My parents are lovely, caring people and they look after me well, they brought me up well and it's the same with me and my brothers that's credit to them.	The striker has quickly become a favourite at the Emirates, and he thanked the fans for their support.	KEOWN: This weekend it's Reading.	Have you looked much at their team?	WELBECK: You get to watch a few games throughout the season.	I know they've got players with Premier League experience.	I've seen them a couple of games this season being a bit direct.	[ Pavel ] Pogrebnyak's a player they look for quite often from the back and the wingers will be coming inside to get the ball and flick-ons.	Hal Robson-Kanu plays a bit more inside and [ Gareth ] McCleary is a bit more out and out on the right wing.	Welbeck has been working hard in training to try and improve his finishing, along with his team-mates.	KEOWN: Good knowledge... WELBECK: Yeah I know quite a lot about football!	KEOWN: As a centre forward or a winger, do you look for the weaknesses in the opposition?	WELBECK: You've got to analyse the positives and negatives in every single team.	You look at that and obviously see where you can nullify their attack and see where their weaknesses are at the back.	The Gunners forward picked out Pavel Pogrebnyak as one of Reading's most dangerous players.	KEOWN: How much would it mean to you to get to the FA Cup final?	WELBECK: It would mean a lot.	I've been in this position before with Man United when we played Everton in the semi-finals a few years back and we lost on penalties.	I remember the situation, I remember how I felt that day and that's something I do n't want to feel again.	I just want to get to the next stage, get to the final.	This is a very important game so we're all looking forward to it, we're going to approach it like it's any other and play the game not the occasion.
These are toxic times on Tyneside but the thousands of supporters who boycotted were at least spared another dispiriting display which equalled a club-record rot of six straight defeats in the Premier League.	Were it not for a freaky five wins on the spin last autumn, the Magpies would be headed for the Championship.	In fact, head coach John Carver fears his side -- the worst in the division on present form -- could yet plummet towards the bottom three.	'We are in amongst a relegation battle.	Leicester, for example, are winning games, but we are n't,' he said after goals from Nacer Chadli, Christian Eriksen and Harry Kane's 30th of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in 14.	Christian Eriksen celebrates after the Swedish midfielder's curling free-kick misses his team-mates and Tim Krul in the Newcastle goal.	Nacer Chadli tries his luck from 30 yards out to open the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike.	Newcastle players join Jack Colback as the hard-working midfielder pounces on a loose ball in the penalty area.	Harry Kane celebrates putting the result beyond doubt as Spurs claim a 3-1 win over Newcastle, who sink to a sixth loss on the bounce.	NEWCASTLE (4-1-4-1): Krul 4 ; Janmaat 6.5, Williamson 6, Coloccini 6, Anita 6 (Armstrong 75, 6) ; R Taylor 6 ; Gouffran 4.5 (Ameobi 46, 6), Colback 6.5, Abeid 4.5 (Obertan 46, 6), Cabella 5.5 ; Perez 6.5.	Subs not used: Riviere, Kemen, Sterry, Woodman.	Scorers: Colback 46.	Bookings: Colback, Cabella.	TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Vorm 6 ; Dier 6, Vertonghen 7, Fazio 6, Rose 6.5 (Davies 81) ; Paulinho 6.5 (Mason 88), Bentaleb 6.5 ; Lamela 6, Chadli 7.5 (Dembele 78), Eriksen 7 ; Kane 6.5.	Subs not used: Soldado, Yedlin, Townsend, Friedel.	Scorers: Chadli 30, Eriksen 53, Kane 90.	Bookings: Lamela, Vertonghen, Paulinho, Bentaleb.	Referee: Kevin Friend 7 Attendance: 47, 427.	MOM: Nacer Chadli.	Eriksen's free-kick goes direction in from out wide for the winner - CLICK HERE to see more from Sportsmail's MATCH ZONE.	'I'm angry.	It's another defeat and that's not good enough.	This is the most difficult situation I've ever been in but I'm not going to give up on it.'	Although the official attendance was returned as a massively inaccurate 47, 427 -- making it the biggest of the weekend in the top-flight -- estimates had it nearer 40,000 as fans stayed away in protest at Mike Ashley's running of the club, which this month returned record profits of # 18.7 million before revealing they have a further # 34m in the bank.	The billionaire will need to part with a sizeable chunk of that cash this summer if Newcastle are to avoid a season-long struggle against relegation next time around.	One banner -- unfurled during a pre-match protest outside of the Gallowgate End -- captured the mood of frustration and mistrust among supporters --'NUFC -- Balance sheet champions, 2008-2014'.	Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher, meanwhile, launched a scathing attack on Ashley.	'People will say as supporters you've got to come back, you've got to get behind your team.	But what are the owners doing for supporters?'	he said.	'Since Mike Ashley's been here they've been relegated once and they could be relegated again.	'So he's balanced the books and he's made money because he's a businessman, but I think of these people and wonder, "Do n't you want to be excited yourself?"	.	'I'm getting bored by Newcastle.	Why does Mike Ashley want the club if there's nothing happening?	There's no cup run, I just do n't get it.	I do n't get why he wants to own a football club.'	The defeat leaves Newcastle seven points above the drop zone and Carver has previously confessed that he does not know where their next point is coming from.	Tottenham striker Harry Kane at full stretch with of Spurs is chased down by Newcastle captain Fabricio Coloccini.	After Kane was chosen as caretaker of the captain's armband, Jan Vertonghen returned to lead Tottenham at St James' Park.	Kane is assessed early in the match after inadvertently being caught in the head by the arm of Newcastle's Vernon Anita.	On this evidence, they may well have to rely on their current tally of 35 being enough.	They were hardly helped here by Tim Krul.	But perhaps the loss of form of the usually-dependable goalkeeper best represents the problems which have plagued the squad in recent weeks.	The Dutch stopper could have done more to keep out Chadli's first-half opener and was again culpable as Eriksen struck to restore the lead after Jack Colback had levelled early in the second half.	Chadli appeared to have exhausted his options as he floated in possession 25 yards from goal only to drop his shoulder before slamming into the bottom corner with Krul sluggish in his pursuit of the strike.	Carver reacted to an insipid first half by hooking the ineffective Yoan Gouffran and midfielder Mehdi Abeid and within 20 seconds they were level when Colback steamed onto a loose ball inside the area before slotting home.	Chadli was given space outside the box and pulled the trigger just as Newcastle midfielder Jack Colback arrived in defence.	Colback is too late as the Belgian laces his shot from range and it nestles in the bottom corner giving Newcastle keeper Tim Krul no chance.	Chadli celebrates after scoring the goal to send Spurs on their way on a tough day for Newcastle amid fan protests.	Chadli leaps in the air with delight after his sublime strike for the opening goal of the match.	Christian Eriksen (left) tussles with Newcastle's Ryan Taylor at St James' Park on Sunday.	But parity was to last just eight minutes and Eriksen's free-kick -- intended as a cross -- bounced through the weak grasp of Krul and into the back of the net.	Krul, in fairness, made a string of fine stops to keep Newcastle within one but he was powerless to prevent Kane rolling beyond him in stoppage-time after he had skipped onto Erik Lamela's through-ball.	In doing so Kane became the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker in 1992 to score 30 goals in one season.	And the England striker now has Lineker's total of 35 in his sights.	Jack Colback is in the right place at the right time to pounce on a loose ball in the midfield and equalise for Newcastle.	Colback jumps for joy after his fourth goal of the season, all of which have been scored at Newcastle's home St James' Park.	Fans applaud while one holds up a'Love NUFC, No Ashley' sign, while Colback's Newcastle team-mates join in the celebrations.	'I'm very proud but there are five games left and, hopefully, I'll get a few more goals,' he said.	Manager Mauricio Pochettino added:'We were better than Newcastle and deserved the win.	'For Harry, it is a fantastic achievement.	We need to push him now because he has a lot of improvement left in him.'	Newcastle, meanwhile, will also need to improve in the final five matches of their sorry season, or risk starting next in the second tier.	Eriksen (right punching the air) and Spurs celebrate after his free-kick saw them regain the lead against United.	Newcastle keeper Krul is left stranded as Eriksen's free-kick misses a line of his own players and curls into the back of the net.	Spurs midfielder Erik Lamela (centre) gets a talking to before a yellow card comes his way after a sliding tackle on Vurnon Anita.	Kane calmly slots Tottenham's third goal in time added on after coming one-on-one with Krul.	Kane's goal after a quiet game by the prolific striker's standards brings him back level with Sergio Aguero as the Premier League's top scorer.	A less than full stand at St James' Park watches the action on Sunday between Newcastle United and Tottenham.	A plane hired by the supporters of rivals Sunderland heap misery on United with a reminder their last five consecutive derby losses.	'We do n't demand a team that wins, we demand a team that tries,' reads a banner erected outside St James' Park on Sunday.	A young boy holds up one of the hundreds of Ashleyout.com flyers handed out before the match.
As composed and as comfortable as Manchester City were here at the Etihad, performances like this succeed only in highlighting the full extent of their failure this season.	In Sergio Aguero they boast the joint leading scorer in the Barclays Premier League.	Here against West Ham he scored his 20th of the campaign.	And in David Silva and Jesus Navas, not to mention a seemingly revitalised Yaya Toure, they had players far too accomplished for the quality of this opposition.	But such a dominant, determined display must leave the club's owners wondering why on earth this was only their third win in nine games after a run of six defeats in their previous eight.	Why, even when West Ham were as abject as they were until City lost Silva to serious injury, they have been unable to play with such confidence more frequently.	Sergio Aguero slotted Manchester City into a two goal lead after a fine flowing counter attack by the home side against West Ham.	The Argentine striker sprints away in celebration having fired in his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the break.	Jesus Navas (right), who provided the assist for Aguero, congratulates his team-mate as Manchester City celebrated going 2-0 up at the Etihad.	West Ham defender James Collins (centre) watches on in despair as his miss-timed clearance loops over Adrian for an own goal.	Manchester City (4-5-1): Hart 6 ; Zabaleta 6.5, Demichelis 6, Mangala 7, Kolarov 6.5 ; Lampard 6 (Fernandinho 88), Fernando 6.5, Navas 8, Toure 7, Silva 6.5 (Nasri 75) ; Aguero 7.5 (Dzeko 90).	Subs not used: Sagna, Caballero, Boyata, Pozo.	Booked: Navas, Silva.	Scorers: Collins OG 18, Aguero 36.	Manager: Manuel Pellegrini 6.5.	Man of the match: Jesus Navas.	West Ham (4-3-3): Adrian 6 ; Jenkinson 6, Collins 5, Reid 5.5, Cresswell 5.5 ; Noble 5, Song 5 (Jarvis 66), Kouyate 6 ; Downing 4.5, Cole 4.5 (Nolan 66), Valencia 6.	Subs not used: Carvalho, O'Brien, Amalfitano, Jaaskelainen, Burke.	Booked: Kouyate, Downing.	Manager: Sam Allardyce 5.	Referee: Anthony Taylor 6.5.	Attendance: 45,041.	Sergio Aguero capped off a fine Manchester City counter attack (above).	CLICK HERE to see more from Sportsmail's MATCH ZONE.	Presumably a victory that strengthens City's position among the Champions League places, on a weekend when Manchester United lost, eases the pressure on Manuel Pellegrini.	But there is sure to remain a fair amount of frustration in Abu Dhabi that the last few months have proved so problematic.	By the end of this encounter the greater, more pressing, concern was for the welfare of Silva.	Injured from what both managers agreed was an accidental elbow in the face from Cheikhou Kouyate midway through the second half, the Spanish international required oxygen before leaving the pitch on a stretcher after eight minutes of treatment.	He was then taken to hospital.	But other problems nevertheless remain for City's manager Pellegrini when he had to wake to headlines being generated by the notoriously vocal agent of Toure, who reportedly accused the Chilean of being'a weak manager' as well as criticising other prominent members of the club hierarchy, too.	Pellegrini was asked to respond but declined to comment.	With managers such as Jurgen Klopp now available for hire, these stories are poorly timed for Pellegrini.	But he can at least take comfort in the way his team responded to that crushing defeat at Old Trafford the previous weekend.	'After two defeats in a row it was a very important win,' added Pellegrini.	Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini watches on at the Etihad Stadium as his side seeked to get back to winning ways on Sunday.	Cheikhou Kouyate (left) tries to keep possession under the challenge from Manchester City skipper Yaya Toure.	English duo Mark Noble (left) and Frank Lampard vie for the ball as West Ham traveled to the Etihad Stadium to take on Manchester City.	Aleksandar Kolarov goes down under the challenge of West Ham defender Carl Jenkinson in the penalty area but was only awarded a corner.	With another match here at home coming next, against Aston Villa, City's manager is sure to be encouraged by the form of Aguero.	Until Sunday he had failed to score a Premier League goal from open play at the Etihad since November 2.	But the goal he scored in this contest was neatly taken ; much more like the striker City's subdued supporters have grown to admire.	He thrived on the possession City were enjoying -- 75 per cent for the first 15 minutes -- and joined Silva and Alek-sandar Kolarov in threatening West Ham's goal early on.	City's opening goal, scored after 18 minutes, was an absolute horror for West Ham.	First came Aaron Cresswell's failure to win an aerial contest with the diminutive Navas, and then a spectacular own goal from James Collins.	Winger Stewart Downing (centre) attempts to avoid the attention of Manchester City full back Aleksandar Kolarov at the Etihad Stadium.	Argentine right back Pablo Zabaleta reacts after referee Anthony Taylor awards a freekick to West Ham for a foul on Alex Song (right).	Adrian (centre) desperately attempts to keep out a deflected James Collins clearance but the ball ends up in the back of the net.	In trying to intercept a cross from Navas, the West Ham centre half succeeded only in scoring with a sliced volley, the ball spinning off his boot and over the head of Adrian before flying home via the underside of the crossbar.	If it was a little unfortunate for the visitors it remained a product of the pressure City were exerting.	A West Ham side probably unsettled by the uncertainty surrounding their own manager offered little in return.	Carlton Cole almost seized on a mistake from Martin Demichelis only for Joe Hart to block his shot, while City's goalkeeper then marked his 28th birthday by denying Enner Valencia.	West Ham centre back is left stunned after his mis-timed clearance turned into an unfortunate own goal during the first-half.	Sergio Aguero collects the ball after Manchester City's opener despite West Ham keeper Adrian's (centre) best efforts to keep it out.	The Manchester City players celebrate having taken an early lead at the Etihad on Sunday against West Ham during the Premier League clash.	The control nevertheless remained with City, a second goal arriving in the 36th minute after Toure had regained possession from Stewart Downing.	A rapidly executed counter-attack followed, with Aguero and Navas combining impressively before Aguero slotted home his 101st Manchester City goal.	In the dug-out Sam Allardyce appeared thoroughly hacked off, and understandably so given the ineptitude of his defenders and his side's lack of ambition going forward.	He responded at the start of the second half by pushing Valencia into a more attacking role alongside Cole.	But it was City who continued to press, with Adrian doing well to deny Aguero a second.	The injury to Silva -- earning Kouyate a yellow card despite the fact that it really did n't look intentional -- disrupted City's rhythm and gave West Ham a little encouragement.	Downing went close, as did Valencia.	But to no avail.	For once Pellegrini had reason to feel a touch more secure.	Manchester City playmaker David Silva slips through a pass during another attack for the home side against West Ham on Sunday.	Aguero sprints towards the City fans who erupted into celebration having seen the Argentine score their second goal on Sunday.	Frank Lampard lets fire with a shot at the Etihad Stadium but could n't find the back of the net with this long range effort on Sunday afternoon.	England No 1 goalkeeper Joe Hart had a quiet afternoon but still managed to impress with a couple of fine saves to maintain a clean sheet.	Navas leaps into action to nod on a pass at the Etihad Stadium with West Ham striker Carlton Cole (right) watching on.	Anthony Taylor books West Ham midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate (centre) after he appeared to elbow David Silva.	Silva had to receive treatment on the pitch for over six minutes after the collision with Kouyate abd was eventually replaced.	Silva had to be replaced late in the second-half and exited the filed of play on a stretcher after being hit in the face by Kouyate's elbow.	Joe Hart, 28 years-old on Sunday, watches on at the Etihad as his Manchester City side faced West Ham in the Premier League.
Real Madrid closed the gap on Barcelona to just two points at the top of La Liga, but will be praying injuries to Gareth Bale and Luka Modric do n't derail their season.	Both Los Blancos stars were substituted as Carlo Ancelotti's side struggled to overcome a spirited Malaga, who had chances to snatch a draw.	Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for Sergio Ramos and James Rodriguez, before adding the third himself, as Madrid kept within touching distance of league leaders Barcelona.	Sergio Ramos celebrates scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th-minute against Malaga.	Real Madrid captain Ramos celebrates with his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo.	James Rodriguez made it 2-0 for Real Madrid in the 69th-minute after Ronaldo had missed a penalty.	Malaga then pulled one back but Ronaldo look delighted after making up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1.	Real Madrid: Casillas, Pepe, Ramos, Marcelo, Arbeloa (Carvajal 76'), Kroos, Rodriguez, Modric (Illarramendi 60'), Isco, Ronaldo, Bale (Hernandez 5').	Subs not used: Navas, Silva, Fernandez, Jese.	Booked: Arbeloa, Kroos.	Goals: Ramos 24' Rodriguez 69' Ronaldo 90' Malaga: Kameni, Angeleri, Roseles, Boka, Sanchez, Amrabat, Garcia, Recio (Damian Tissone 75'), Castillejo (Horta 81'), Darder (Duda 87), Juanmi.	Subs not used: Guerra, Ochoa, Torres, Filipenko.	Booked: Sanchez, Damian Tissone.	Goals: Juanmi 71' After just four minutes, Bale's game was over.	The Welshman tenderly touched his calf and made a pulling motion with his hands to the bench as he left the pitch, which might imply internal muscle damage.	Given that Karim Benzema was injured after a brutal Champions League encounter with City rivals Atletico Madrid in midweek, Bale's injury took the famous "BBC" strikeforce just down to C. That's the grade you'd give it too, in 2015, when compared to the performances of Barcelona's trio.	Isco came in for Benzema, with the Frenchman's injury solving a problem that was brewing at Real Madrid, with Carlo Ancelotti having to choose between the former Malaga man, and James Rodriguez.	The latter was chosen over the former to face Atletico, leading to stories of angst on Isco's part, but the issue was resolved by Benzema's timely absence.	Modric, meanwhile, was taken out by a Recio challenge in the second half.	It was n't too fierce a tackle, but the Croatian took a strong knock to his knee and is now a doubt for Wednesday's second leg against Atletico.	Malaga, having beaten Barcelona at Camp Nou earlier this season, and drawn with champions Atletico Madrid last week, are no La Liga whipping boys and they came to the Santiago Bernabeu with the belief they could win.	Nordin Amrabat, on loan from Galatasaray, charged forward battling with Pepe, escaped the Real Madrid defender and crossed for Juanmi, but the forward could n't connect and the chance was gone.	The Dutchman stung Iker Casillas' fingertips with a strike from distance, the veteran stopper tipping his effort behind for a corner.	Carlos Idriss Kameni was forced into a similar save at the other end, spectacularly flicking a header from Bale's replacement, Javier Hernandez, over the bar.	Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu.	The Welsh forward was forced to go off to be replaced in the early stages of proceedings.	Ramos tucks the ball in to open the scoring for Real Madrid at the Bernabeu.	The defender slides on his knees in front of the Real Madrid fans after netting.	Real Madrid broke the deadlock in controversial fashion, when Ronaldo fired in a free kick from the left and Ramos rammed home from close range.	The defender seemed fractionally offside, but despite Kameni's cries, the goal was allowed to stand.	The Cameroonian goalkeeper was called into action again shortly afterwards, making a fine save down to his right from a James volley.	With the most expensive player in the world off the pitch, the second most expensive was having fun.	Ronaldo pulled off a quite ridiculous backheel-nutmeg on Marcos Angeleri.	In the following minute Ramos had the ball in the net again, nodding home a Toni Kroos free-kick, but this time the officials spotted he was offside and ruled it out.	Malaga flew down the other end and created a magnificent opportunity, which Sergi Darder blazed over the bar when he should have found the net.	Juanmi's cross was half-cleared by Marcelo and Darder pounced, but lacked balance and spooned his strike off-target from eight yards.	Amrabat, flying down the right early in the second half, tried to find Juanmi with a low cross, but it flew past the forward and Casillas gathered it.	Ronaldo had the perfect opportunity to put the game beyond Malaga when James was taken down in the box by Samu Castillejo, but lacked his characteristic cool and fired the penalty against the left upright.	Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas dives to the floor to grab the ball against Malaga during the La Liga clash.	Real Madrid forward Ronaldo (right) in action against Malaga's Samuel Garcia at the Bernabeu.	Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti watches on from the sidelines during his side's clash with Malaga.	But Real Madrid did n't have long to wait for their second, with James scoring in spectacular fashion just a minute later.	He played two one-twos on the edge of the box with Isco and Ronaldo, before lashing the ball into Kameni's top right corner.	Game over?	Not quite.	Malaga were straight down the other end and on the scoresheet, with Roberto Rosales whipping the ball in from the right for Juanmi to head home.	Amrabat had a chance to run through after a Marcelo mis-step - this was a rare poor performance for the Brazilian - but Kroos resorted to a blatant kick to stop him.	The German went into the book, with the foul a symbol of how Madrid were struggling to prevent the Andalusian side from getting forward on the break.	Ronaldo saw his second-half penalty hit the post after Malaga goalkeeper Carlos Kameni had gone the right way.	Real Madrid forward Ronaldo looks frustrated after missing a penalty during the second half.	But Rodriguez soon doubled Real Madrid's lead just a couple of minutes after Ronaldo had missed the penalty.	Ronaldo celebrates after securing the 3-1 victory late on after Malaga had pulled one back.	Ronaldo's evening was saved on a personal level at the end, with Hernandez selflessly squaring the ball for the forward to tap home at the far post.	His celebration was excessive, considering Madrid had essentially won the game and it was a simple finish, but that's what happens when you have to keep up with the Joneses.	Or in this case, the Messis.	The Argentine had scored for Barcelona earlier, so Ronaldo would have left frustrated had he not been able to replicate Messi's effort, grabbing his 39th goal of the season in La Liga, and his 50th in all competitions.	Ronaldo became the first ever player to net 50 goals in five consecutive seasons, an incredible statistic, but Ancelotti's mind will now turn to Wednesday night and another incredible statistic.	He has faced Atletico Madrid seven times so far this season and not won a single game.	Will he be forced to try it without Modric and Bale in the eighth?
Greece's Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition over government interference should a proposed new law be voted in, FIFA and UEFA have warned.	Following continuous problems with crowd trouble, the Greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events.	FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs and sent a joint letter to EPO president Giorgos Girtzikis warning that it'would have no option but to refer the case to the relevant bodies for immediate sanctions, including the suspension of the Hellenic Football Federation (EPO).'	The Greek government wants to stamp out incidents such as this in a March AEK Athens-Olympiakos match.	A new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events is opposed by FIFA and UEFA.	The bill, entitled'Measures for the confrontation of violence in Greek sports and other provisions', will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on May 4-5.	Stavros Kontonis, Deputy Minister for Education, Culture and Religious Affairs, criticised FIFA and UEFA in a strongly worded media statement, accusing both governing bodies of showing little interest in helping solve the issues of violence which have caused matches in Greece to be suspended three times just this season.	'It appears that they are not interested in solving the evils plaguing Greek football, but are instead seeking ways to offend the Greek constitutional order and the Greek people, especially the country's football fans, which have to put up with the current scene of rot and corruption, something which the government is trying to overturn,' Kontonis said.	Football's governing bodies have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence.	Kontonis has invited FIFA and UEFA to Athens ahead of the planned three-day discussion of the bill.	'We hope that both federations understand the serious, accumulating problems of Greek football and that they will engage constructively and actively in the process of consolidation, democratisation and transparency,' he added.	(editing by Justin Palm.
The say that imitation is the highest form of flattery, although Floyd Mayweather Jnr's sparring partner Jeremy' J Flash' Nichols' impersonation of Manny Pacquiao is less than complimentary.	The Filipino meets undefeated Mayweather in a $300million mega-fight that has been branded'the biggest bout in boxing history' at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.	Mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media with the latest being a YouTube video featuring his sparring partner taking on Pacquiao's role during a mock interview.	Floyd Maywether's sparring partner Jeremy Nichols gives a mock interview as Manny Pacquiao.'	J Flash' makes fun of the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo.	Mayweather uses a -200 C kriotherapy chamber to help his recovery from training.	Nichols mimics Pacquiao's Visayan accent while poking fun at the 36-year-old's decision to both write and perform his own entrance song as well as ridiculing the'Pacman's' religious faith.	The young boxer also takes a pop at Pacquiao's mother by claiming her'voodoo powers' are the secret behind his success - so-called'Mommy D' was accused of using Voodoo chants from ringside during her son's victory over Tomothy Bradley in April 2014.	As a parting shot, Nichols refuses to refer to the fight's date in normal English and repeatedly says it will be staged on'May two, May two!'	.	The up and coming boxer has not had a professional fight yet but insists he is ready for the challenge of getting Mayweather in prime shape before the contest.	Mayweather takes part in a training session under the gaze of a packed media audience.	Pacquiao and his coach Freddie Roach take part in a similar training session In Los Angeles.	The unbeaten US fighter gets a light massage ahead of his workout in Las Vegas.	Pacquiao is so popular in the Philippines that he is featured on the latest postage stamps.	'It's a blessing an opportunity to work with one of the biggest names in boxing,' he said.'	I want to make sure he knows there's someone ready to take over the 147lbs once he gets ready to hang up the gloves.	'It's a great experience and I've learned so much - I've switched my entire training regime around since I've been here.	This opportunity is a blessing, I ca n't thank him enough for giving me the chance,' he added.
Four Queens Park Rangers supporters have been jailed for football-related disorder following an incident with Burnley fans last year.	The unsavoury scenes occurred on February 1, 2014 following a 3-3 draw during their Championship encounter at Loftus Road.	The foursome identified as Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack were sentenced for affray on Friday, after being charged in July last year, due to their involvement in an act of violent disorder outside a west London pub.	QPR fans Harry Childs (left) and Jack Hutchins have been jailed for football-related disorder last year.	Dean Foreman (left) and Bradley Pack were also sentenced for affray on Friday for their involvement.	The incident occurred after last season's 3-3 draw between QPR and Burnley at Loftus Road.	Childs, 18 from Billericay, Essex has been sentenced to eight months imprisonment while Hutchins, 21 of Kings Langley, Hertfordshire was given a one-year sentence alongside 27-year-old Foreman who hails from Northolt, London.	Pack, 22 of Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire was sentenced to 30 weeks imprisonment.	In addition all four men also received six-year Football Banning Orders under section 23 of the Football Spectators Act 1989.	Childs, Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6 with Pack previously entering a guilty plea.	During the two-week trial, the court heard how the quartet gathered outside the the Plough and Harrow pub shortly before 5pm, where they confronted a number of Burnley supporters, who were having a post-match drink, through the windows outside the establishment.	The incident dates back to February 2014 when the quartet confronted Burnley supporters after their match.	With the shouting reciprocated from within, the events soon escalated to violence and the pub's window being kicked and shattered by Childs.	The ensuing scenes saw numerous people assaulted and punched outside the pub, with the Plough and Harrow manager locking the glass front doors and calling 999 in fear of the violence spreading into the premises.	Childs - who was wearing a distinctive red patent jacket - and his three associates moved up along Kings Street where they came across another set of Burnley and QPR supporters where further spontaneous violence took place.	Police soon arrived at the scene, however Hutchins and Foreman evaded their attention.	Childs and Pack were stopped nearby where they identified themselves to the police, but they were not arrested as there was no evidence to support their involvement in the disorder at the time.	The foursome attacked the Plough and Harrow pub as the shouting soon turned into violence in west London.	An investigation was immediately launched by detectives from Hammersmith and Fulham with support from specialist officers from the Central Football Policing unit.	Hours of CCTV were carefully in a bid to identify those responsible for the disorder with Childs, Hutchins, Foreman and Pack and all arrested on suspicion of violent disorder on June 9, 2014.	Chief Inspector Simon Causer said:'This kind of behaviour is entirely unacceptable to the police, the thousands of law-abiding and genuine football fans, the clubs and the general public.	Our hope is that, in light of these convictions and sentences, perpetrators will think very carefully about the consequences of their actions before carrying out football violence.	'Our borough has a proud history in policing successful match day operations and we have extensive experience working together with our residents and businesses to ensure that our communities are safe and able to enjoy this great sport.	The quartet later moved up along Kings Street where further acts of violence and disorder took place.	Hours of CCTV were carefully in a bid to identify those responsible for the disorder.	'With continued support from our football clubs and local partners we remain resolute in our zero-tolerance policy towards football related violence and we utterly condemn such actions.'	PC Paul Todd, from the Met's Central Football Unit, said:'Football violence has reduced over the years but there are still a minority that insist on putting people at risk by fighting in busy streets near members of public.	People arrested for football violence do not only get a criminal record but can also receive an order preventing them from attending football matches in the future.'	A spokesperson for QPR, said:'The vast majority of QPR fans are excellent ambassadors and passionate supporters.	However the club takes a zero tolerance position to violence in or around the stadium and will continue to fully cooperate with the police in these rare instances.'
Ahead of a weekend featuring drama from the Barclays Premier League and FA Cup semi-finals, Sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every fixture as it breaks.	Simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club's fixture.	In or out?	Keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the weekend.	SATURDAY.	PREMIER LEAGUE.	Crystal Palace vs West Bromwich Albion (3pm).	Everton vs Burnley (3pm).	Leicester City vs Swansea City (3pm).	Stoke City vs Southampton (3pm).	Chelsea vs Manchester United (5.30 pm).	FA CUP SEMI-FINAL.	Reading vs Arsenal (5.20 pm).	SUNDAY.	PREMIER LEAGUE.	Manchester City vs West Ham United (1.30 pm).	Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur (4pm).	FA CUP SEMI-FINAL.	Aston Villa vs Liverpool (3pm).
Dutch darts duo Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld's current form could n't be further apart as they head into Premier League Darts' ninth leg in Manchester on Thursday.	World No 1 Van Gerwen, 25, beat countryman Van Barneveld, 47, 7-2 last week to remain undefeated and leave the veteran four-time World Championship winner on the brink of elimination.	With one aiming to keep his feet on the ground while flying high and the other searching for a way back to former glory, there could be few better sources of inspiration than Old Trafford, where the pair posed with compatriots Manchester United stars Daley Blind and Robin van Persie on Wednesday.	Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld (centre) pose with compatriots Daley Blind (left) and Robin van Persie (right) at Old Trafford on Wednesday.	Dutch darts duo Van Barneveld and Van Gerwen with point to Robin van Persie's shirt at Old Trafford.	Van Barneveld (left) and Van Gerwen pose in front of the No 17 shirt worn by another countryman, Daley Blind.	'Bullseye!	Dutch darts legends Raymond van Barneveld and Michael van Gerwen enjoyed a tour of Old Trafford today,' posted the club's official Instagram as they hosted the darts icons.	Van Gerwen was sensational in Dublin last Thursday averaging over 108 and hitting seven 180s, as well as narrowly missing a nine-darter, but with the 10-man field being cut by two after Thursday's matches his compatriot could be leaving the tournament early.	Both players showed immense respect for each other after the game, taking to Twitter to pay tribute to their opponent.	Van Persie tweeted this picture of him Blind, Van Gerwen and Van Barneveld at a dinner table.	Blind claimed to have been on the winning team in his post on Instagram.	World No 1 Van Gerwen beat Van Barneveld 7-2 last week to stay undfeated in Premier League Darts.	Defeat by Gary Anderson on Thursday could spell elimination for Van Barneveld.'	I gave it my all.	It was not enough, back to the practise board.	Happy with my game, tonight'Van Gerwen) was too good, congrats!'	he wrote to his BarneyArmy supporters.	Van Gerwen was gracious in victory:'Always special to win against a great player in (Van Barneveld).	So happy to get the points and stay unbeaten.	Dublin you were fantastic.'	The eight who remain will go on to Sheffield, Aberdeen, Cardiff, Birmingham, Newcastle and Brightton before the play-offs at The O2 in London on May 21.	Van Barneveld faces Gary Anderson and defeat will end the defending champion's campaign but he's not letting the occasion get to him.'	I do n't feel any pressure,' he told Sky Sports.	'I'm aware that I'm the defending champion and I'm aware that I'm among the nine best players in the world.'	The two Vans connected with more Dutchman, and a fellow Van, with pictures taken in front of shirts bearing the names of Robin van Persie and Daley Blind.	Louis van Gaal was nowhere to be seen but he has a fan in the world No 1, who had faith he would succeed in the Premier League after his work with their national team.	'No one gave him anything for this World Cup and he did it - he got them to the semi-final,' he said ahead of the former Ajax and Bayern Munich boss's appointment.	'But not only that he has worked for all the big teams and now he is jumping into a big task at Man United.	He will make them better - I know he will.'
For two hours at the start of a Test match that England can not afford to lose it was possible to believe that Colin Graves' description of West Indies as'mediocre' would have the same motivating effect as Tony Greig saying he would make them grovel.	Certainly the comments of the ECB's outspoken new chairman were not looking very accurate when England's new top three had all succumbed to a West Indies pace attack seemingly inspired by bowling coach Curtly Ambrose.	That England averted disaster was down to their middle order.	Ian Bell, with his 22nd Test century, Joe Root and, thrillingly, the rejuvenated Ben Stokes had restored order in this crucial first Test.	Tony Cozier, the most respected of Caribbean broadcasters, had said ahead of this series that Graves' words might well inspire the home side, just as Greig did all those years ago in 1976 when West Indies were approaching their peak.	And it looked that way when the West Indies pace trio of Jerome Taylor, Kemar Roach and Jason Holder had all bowled with a discipline and skill in the opening session worthy of their great mentor Ambrose himself.	The last time England played a Test at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium, in 2009, it was abandoned after 10 balls because of an unplayable outfield, and for a while it looked like West Indies were going to kick sand in their faces again.	What a terrible start this was for England and a captain in Alastair Cook, who desperately needs both runs and victories here if he is to avoid being swept out along with managing director Paul Downton by the mood for seismic change.	Cook, still steaming about his sacking as one-day captain ahead of the World Cup, has been working hard on his batting with his old mentor and the man he sacked himself as England batting coach in Graham Gooch.	Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test match century to rescue England after a top-order collapse in the first Test.	Bell is congratulated by Ben Stokes on reaching his ton and leading England out of trouble.	Bell and Joe Root put on 177 for the fourth wicket after England's top order collapsed in Antigua.	Alastair Cook - 25.	Kevin Pietersen - 23.	Wally Hammond - 22.	Colin Cowdrey - 22.	Geoff Boycott - 22.	Ian Bell - 22.	Yet a slightly altered technique that worked so well against hapless St Kitts last week did not pass its examination against a much better attack here, notably Roach, who took advantage of Cook's old failing against the full ball.	By that stage the remarkable comeback of Jonathan Trott, making his 50th Test appearance 18 months after his traumatic 49th, had been nipped in the bud in the first over of the day when he fended his third ball to slip.	The decision to prefer the proven quality of Trott as Cook's new opening partner to the county form horse in Adam Lyth had not found universal approval but it would be foolish to judge the move until Trott has adapted to a new role.	A minute silence was held before the start of play in honour of Richie Benaud, who died last week.	England fast bowler James Anderson was presented with a silver cap by Michael Atherton in his 100th Test.	Anderson with Rod Bransgrove (left) and Atherton after receiving a special silver cap before play.	Jonathan Trott's return to the team ended with a three-ball duck when he was dismissed in the first over.	Jerome Taylor celebrates after having Trott caught in the slips in the first over in Antigua.	When Gary Ballance became the third to fall to a bad shot with just 34 on the board England were in trouble and Bob Willis was spluttering on Sky about the top three being'constipated' and in need of a'good dose of syrup of figs.'	Yet by the close of the first day of a hectic spell of 17 Tests in the next nine months that will make or break the captaincy of Cook and the coaching of Peter Moores England could breathe a lot more easily after being put in to bat.	They had moved on to 341 for five, with Stokes, unbeaten with 71 off 80 balls, adding refreshing attacking impetus with a flurry of boundaries in a stand of 130 with 174 coming in the final session as West Indian wheels began to fall off.	England captain Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach having scored just 11 runs.	West Indies fast bowler Roach runs off to celebrate after making a mess of Cook's stumps.	The England captain makes his way off the field after being dismissed for 11 with his team on 22 for two.	Gary Ballance was dismissed by Jason Holder to leave England in a hole at 34 for three.	If England are going to emerge from the Caribbean unscathed then Bell, as the senior member of their batting order, must make his quality count, as he did here after going 20 balls without scoring before he got off the mark.	Bell survived an early scare when he edged through the vacant third slip on 21 but he was soon unfurling his silky array of shots and West Indies were looking much more like the side who Graves dismissed so disrespectfully.	He was joined in a stand of 177 by the man who looks sure to be the figurehead of a new era that has struggled to blossom under the giant shadow that continues to be cast over England by Kevin Pietersen.	Bell and Root combined to dig England out of trouble with a fourth-wicket partnership of 177.	Bell was in brilliant form as he scored his 22nd Test match century on Monday in Antigua.	Root hit 83 off 133 balls as England began to accelerate in a wicket-less afternoon session.	Bell and Root walk off for tea unbeaten on 69 and 61 respectively having led England's revival.	Root punches his bat in frustration after being dismissed by Taylor 17 runs short of a century.	Root will undoubtedly succeed Cook as England captain one day, especially with Yorkshire being in such vogue, but for now his runs are invaluable to the incumbent and he carried on where he left off last summer.	The man who hit who three big Test hundreds and three more half centuries against Sri Lanka and India looked certain to add another century here, especially when Sulieman Benn dropped him on 61, before he got an inside edge to a short ball from Taylor and was bowled for 83.	There was to be no denying Bell, however, as he went to a hard earned hundred with a late cut boundary off Marlon Samuels and fell just before the close for 143 to a brute from Roach.	Only Cook, with 25, and Pietersen, 23, have scored more Test centuries for England.	Bell kisses the England badge on his helmet after reaching his century on the first day in Antigua.	Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play having put on 130 for the fifth wicket with Bell.	The Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in North Sound, Antigua on the first day of the first Test match.	England supporters relax on the grassy bank and watch the action from the Caribbean.	England had chosen the side that looked inevitable after their unsatisfactory warm-up in St Kitts, with Trott being preferred to Lyth and the steady James Tredwell profiting from Adil Rashid's inconsistency last week.	West Indies, meanwhile, were bereft of those players who prefer to put money ahead of Test cricket by playing in the Indian Premier League, notably their star batsman in Chris Gayle.	It is a sad but inevitable consequence of the Twenty20 revolution and one that, by the close, with the Test running away from them, saw West Indies look much more like the eighth ranked Test team that they currently are.
Manchester City bounced back from their recent 4-2 derby defeat by easing to victory against West Ham.	An own goal by James Collins and Sergio Aguero's 20th Barclays Premier League strike of the season was enough to give City the three points.	Here, Sportsmail's Chris Wheeler rates the players' performances at the Etihad Stadium.	MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1).	JOE HART 6 - The England goalkeeper could n't have wished for a quieter 28th birthday, and was rarely called into action by a toothless West Ham.	PABLO ZABALETA 6.5 -- Treated for bloody nose early on but that was about the extent of the damage inflicted on City.	Got forward well as usual.	Manchester City right back Pablo Zabaleta keeps Enner Valencia at bay by putting in a crunching challenge.	MARTIN DEMICHELIS 6 -- Careless slip let in Carlton Cole in the first half but otherwise looked relatively comfortable alongside a new defensive partner in Mangala.	ELIAQUIM MANGALA 7 - Dominant display from City's # 32million defender who was able to enjoy a trouble-free return to the line-up, and snuffed out the few threats offered by the Hammers.	ALEKSANDAR KOLAROV 6.5 -- Went close with slightly deflected freekick and another effort from a tight angle in the second half.	Defensively, faced little threat from Valencia.	FRANK LAMPARD 6 -- Only his fifth Premier League start for City and of lack match sharpness showed on occasions as his touch let him down.	Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard was given a rare chance to impress by starting against West Ham.	FERNANDO 6.5 -- Did n't have too much on his plate but was alert to track Kouyate's burst from midfield in the first half and produced a fantastic interception tackle.	JESUS NAVAS 8 -- Much better from the little Spaniard.	More direct and looked for an earlier pass, which contributed to both of City's first two goals.	Jesus Navas played a major role in Manchester City's two goals at the Etihad Stadium.	YAYA TOURE 7 -- A more lively display than of late from the much-maligned Ivorian who passed the ball well and his interception started the move for City's second goal.	DAVID SILVA 6.5 -- Subdued display despite going close with a couple of efforts, and stretchered off following lengthy treatment after taking an elbow to the head from Kouyate.	SERGIO AGUERO 7.5 -- The Argentine's third goal in two games took his total to 26 for the season, and the top of the Premier League scoring charts with 20.	Ca n't argue with that.	Sergio Aguero celebrates with City team-mates Navas and Yaya Toure after putting his side 2-0 up.	Manchester City ace Sergio Aguero wheels away in celebration after scoring his 20th Premier League goal.	Subs: Caballero, Sagna, Boyata, Fernandinho (for Lampard 88), Nasri (for Silva 75, 6), Dzeko (for Aguero 90 +1), Pozo.	Scorers: Collins og 18, Aguero 36.	Booked: Navas, Silva.	WEST HAM (4-1-4-1).	ADRIAN 6 -- Had little chance with either of City's goals, particularly Collins's own-goal which looped over his head and in off the underside of the bar.	CARL JENKINSON 6 -- One of West Ham's better defenders and produced an excellent interception to deny Aguero an almost certain goal in the second half.	JAMES COLLINS 5 -- Wo n't enjoy seeing a replay of his freakish own-goal.	Almost redeemed himself with a great block on Silva -- but not quite.	West Ham centre back James Collins diverted the ball past Adrian to give Manchester City an early lead.	WINSTON REID 5.5 -- Did his best to hold City at bay but guilty of an awful dive in the dying stages that was thankfully ignored by the referee and ridiculed by the City fans.	AARON CRESSWELL 5.5 -- After his goalscoring exploits against Stoke last weekend, had a difficult afternoon up against Navas and struggled to cope at times.	ALEX SONG 5 -- Had his hands full trying to screen West ham's defence against the blue tide in the first half and replaced by Jarvis as Big Sam tried to salvage something in the second.	Alex Song, pictured with Lampard, was replaced by manager Sam Allardyce in the 66th minute.	CHEIKHOU KOUYATE 6 -- His arm into Silva's face was the talking point of a dull game.	It seemed to be more careless than malicious but City may think otherwise.	MARK NOBLE 5 -- Overrun in midfield and was able to offer his team very little.	Struggled tpo get into the game at all.	STEWART DOWNING 4.5 -- Lost the ball in the build-up to City's second goal and that summed up his performance.	Below-par and lacked any impact at all.	ENNER VALENCIA 6 -- Anonymous in the first half but picked up a bit after the interval and had West Ham's best effort with a fine individual run and shot.	CARLTON COLE 4.5 -- Was gifted the Hammers' best opportunity in the first half but took too long to get a shot off.	Struggled with little service and replaced by Nolan.	Carlton Cole failed to impress on his first start since his side's 0-0 draw with Southampton in February.	Subs: Nolan (for Cole 66, 6), Jarvis (for Song 66, 6), Nene, O'Brien, Amalfitano, Jaaskelainen, Burke.	Booked: Kouyate, Downing.	Referee: Anthony Taylor 6.5.	Star man: Jesus Navas.
He could have put it anywhere really.	Stuck it away simply, without too much fuss.	Yes, there was a goalkeeper still to beat but running straight on to the target, not a blue shirt in range, the odds were most certainly with Luis Suarez.	Yet every great player has a showman inside and the Uruguayan is no exception.	His finish -- curled into the top corner, right-footed, inch perfect, yet explosive -- was a moment of pure pleasure, a flourish that will not be forgotten.	It was also Barcelona's third -- probably the goal that puts this tie beyond reach.	Here was a goal-scorer at the top of his game, playing for a club that now brings the best out of him.	If there ever was a battle of egos at Barcelona, it is over and football has won.	Luis Suarez scores his second goal, sending Paris Saint-Germain keeper Salvatore Sirigu the wrong way, to make it 3-0 to Barcelona.	Suarez nutmegs David Luiz for the second time as he eases past the Brazilian defender on his way to another stunning strike.	Former Chelsea defender Luiz is left dejected after being embarrassed by Suarez for the second time on Wednesday evening.	Suarez (centre) celebrates his goal as PSG's players are left dejected after being unable to stop the Uruguayan.	PSG (4-3-3): Sirigu 6 ; Van der Wiel 5.5, Marquinhos 6.5, Silva 5.5 (Luiz 21, 5.5), Maxwell 6 ; Rabiot 6 (Lucas 65, 5), Cabaye 5, Matuidi 7 ; Lavezzi 5.5, Cavani 5.5, Pastore 6.	Subs not used: Douchez, Camara, Bahebeck, Digne, Kimpembe.	Goals: Neymar 18, Suarez 67, 79.	Bookings: Cabaye, 36.	Manager: Laurent Blanc 6.	BARCELONA (4-3-3): Ter Stegen 6 ; Montoya 6 (Montoya 80), Pique 6.5, Mascherano 8, Alba 6.5 ; Busquets 7, Rakitic 5.5 (Mathieu 74, 5), Iniesta 6 (Xavi 53, 6) ; Suarez 8.5, Messi 6.5, Neymar 7.5.	Subs not used: Bravo, Pedro, Rafinha, Bartra.	Bookings: Pique, Messi.	Manager: Luis Enrique 7.	Man of the Match: Luis Suarez.	Referee: Mark Clattenburg (England) 7.	Stadium: Parc de Princes.	BY ADAM CRAFTON.	Lionel Messi is playing with joy again, and bringing the best out of Neymar and Suarez, too.	The Catalans have scored more goals than any Champions League team away from home this season -- and all have come from their forward trio.	Suarez has 11 goals in his last 11 games for Barcelona, and six in six in the Champions League.	Liverpool fans will not enjoy hearing this, but he seems at home.	So maybe it has something to do with the players after all.	Suarez was n't schooled in tiki-taka or the Barcelona way, but the combination of an energetic high pressing game married to quite gorgeous technique and invention fits him like a glove.	As Barcelona's old boss, Pep Guardiola, struggled with his new group against Porto, Barcelona marched on, their philosophy enduring beyond coaches or academies.	They buy great players, and these players often do great things.	That is the Barcelona way too.	Paris St-Germain got a late and lucky consolation goal that some will feel keeps this tie competitive, but for those of a more earthbound persuasion it is hard to see it as anything but over.	Suarez killed it with his two goals leaving PSG to seek a 3-0 win at the Nou Camp inside 90 minutes to progress.	And they have n't got nil in them -- not against this trio.	David Luiz was Suarez's victim here, and he took chunks out of his reputation, without so much as a baring of teeth.	For once, though, sympathy was with the Brazilian.	A hamstring injury was due to keep him out for a month -- and that was just 10 days ago.	Shorn of key individuals by injury and suspension, Laurent Blanc started with Luiz on the bench -- and was forced to promote him to the action after 21 minutes when Thiago Silva limped out of the game.	Barcelona were already ahead by then and instantly one feared for Luiz against opponents with such flair and movement.	It took a while, but eventually those fears were realised.	Luiz, to his credit, was up for it -- he just was n't up to it, which is different entirely.	Suarez would have known that, and known Luiz's defensive frailties even when fit from his time in the Premier League, and the way the goals were scored suggested he had no compunction capitalising on it either.	Suarez scores his first goal of the night to make it 2-0 to Barcelona after bustling past three PSG defenders.	Suarez nutmegs Luiz wide on the right touchline on his way to scoring Barcelona's second goal of the evening.	Suarez runs away to celebrate his goal as he joined by his ecstatic team-mate Neymar, who had earlier made it 1-0 to Barcelona.	Suarez is mobbed by his jubilant Barcelona team-mates after his first goal as they enjoy their trip to France.	Basically, to get nut-megged once is unfortunate ; to have it happen twice suggests someone is trying to make you look a twit.	This was street football -- and not for the first time Luiz was cast as the plaything of a hapless gamer.	What skill by Suarez, though.	Collecting the ball on the right flank, he turned and put it through Luiz's legs, leaving him helpless and unable to recover.	Suarez then held off two PSG players as he darted through the tightest of gaps into the penalty area, finishing past an equally defeated keeper Salvatore Sirigu.	His next was even better.	Through the middle, charging directly at Luiz, embarrassing him with a nutmeg again, before finishing in style, an absolute gem of a goal.	It is hard to imagine how, even with the fillip of Gregory van der Wiel's deflected shot, PSG can claw this back.	Blanc's team have enormous spirit as Chelsea discovered and held their end up here, too, but Barcelona simply have too much class.	They took their chances and PSG did not -- a fatal flaw with the odds already stacked against them.	Neymar (centre) opens the scoring for Barcelona after just 18 minutes with a side-foot shot into the bottom right hand corner of the goal.	Neymar celebrates his fourth Champions League goal in eight matches this season by putting the ball under his shirt.	Neymar is mobbed by Barcelona team-mate Messi, who provided the assist for the Brazilian's goal.	Barcelona worked the ball well for Neymar to open the scoring - CLICK HERE to read our brilliant match zone from the game.	Edinson Cavani was the prime culprit and he had a night of clumsy control and missed opportunity when it mattered most.	Javier Pastore, too.	Eric Cantona says that he is the best player in the world, better than Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo -- but not all of Eric's statements are shot through with wisdom.	Pastore set the tone for PSG in front of goal, by making a hash of their first chance of the night.	When they did finally score it was only because a tame shot by Van der Wiel took a spiteful deflection off substitute Jeremy Mathieu.	Barcelona started well and could have gone ahead when Messi hit a post with a curling 20-yard shot after 14 minutes.	It served as a warning and four minutes later Barcelona went ahead.	The move began, as so many do, with Sergio Busquets breaking up play.	From there, Barcelona countered with terrifying speed, Messi feeding Neymar, who finished astutely with only Sirigu to beat.	He could have had another after 26 minutes when a fine jinking run forced a good save.	Javier Pastore fluffs his lines as he misses a brilliant chance to put PSG 1-0 up against the run of play.	Gregory van der Wiel's (left) late deflected effort gave PSG a glimmer of hope ahead of the second leg next week.	Shortly before half-time the Italian was needed again, when Luiz took on too much sweeping up at the back and was caught in possession by Suarez.	He curled a shot which Sirigu plucked out of the air, the last time he would get the better of their exchanges.	Not everything Barcelona does is beautiful, however.	Jordi Alba's dive under pressure from Thiago Silva after five minutes was deeply unimpressive and deserved a booking.	Mark Clattenburg, the referee, ducked out of that one, although he did later book Messi.	One to tell the grandkids, no doubt, although they might be more interested in a retelling of Suarez's goals.	Edison Cavani (centre) sees his diving header fly wide of the target as Barcelona keeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen is left helpless.	Laurent Blanc and his coaching staff react after seeing PSG struggle to contain Barcelona in the Parc de Princes.	England manager Roy Hodgson (left) poses for a picture with a fan at the Parc des Princes before kick off.	French Prime Minister Manuel Valls (left) speaks with former President Nicolas Sarkozy in the stands.
A stern defensive line has twice helped Jose Mourinho and Chelsea to Premier League glory, with a third likely to follow upon the resolution of the 2014-15 campaign.	Statistics show the Chelsea manager is the best in Premier League history at shutting out opponents, edging out the man he replaced upon returning to London for his second stint at Chelsea, Rafa Benitez.	Of the 189 Premier League matches the Portuguese has overseen, he has an astounding 101 clean sheets, nullifying his rivals in 53.4 per cent of games.	Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history.	A stubborn defence has twice helped Mourinho win the league, with a third likely at the end of the season.	Mourinho (left) beats Rafa Benitez in the clean sheets record and average of goals conceded.	Benitez has 13 more, 114 from 254 matches with Liverpool and Chelsea, keeping out his opponents in 44.9 per cent of his games.	From his 133 games at Manchester City, Roberto Mancini edged out Sir Alex Ferguson by 0.1 per cent.	Ferguson retired at Old Trafford with 359 shut-outs and clean sheet percentage of 44.3, but Mancini had 44.4 per cent with 59 from 133.	Mourinho also heads the list of managers with the lowest average of goals conceded per game, with 0.63.	His Chelsea teams have collectively only conceded a stubborn 120 times under his guidance.	Again, Benitez is second but with a much bigger difference, as the Spaniard averages 0.82 goals every Premier League encounter.	Mancini is third, on 0.83 and Bruce Rioch fourth on 0.84, but the former Arsenal manager has taken charge of the lowest number of games (38) in the top 10.	Carlo Ancelotti is fifth, averaging 0.86 goals a game from the two seasons he oversaw at Chelsea, where he also won the Premier League.	Sir Alex Ferguson (right) celebrates winning the league with one of his best defenders, Rio Ferdinand.	Arsene Wenger has also established an imposing defensive record from 708 games at Arsenal.	Roberto Mancini (left) and Carlo Ancelotti have impressive defensive records from shorts spells in England.	Ferguson, a 13-time league champion from his time at United, conceded 703 times and averaged 0.87 goals per game.	Arsene Wenger, the second-longest serving manager in Premier League history with 708 games to date, has kept 277 clean sheets and conceded 672 goals.	He ranks ninth in the list of clean-sheet percentages and eighth in the number of goals conceded per game, averaging 0.95.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final after an SFA panel kicked out a charge of deliberate handball during Sunday's semi-final against Celtic.	In the aftermath of the Highlanders' 3-2 extra-time win, the Englishman admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been sent off by referee Steven McLean for stopping Leigh Griffiths' net-bound effort on his goal-line.	In an unprecedented move, the Inverness defender was subsequently cited by Tony McGlennan, the SFA Compliance Officer, for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberately handling the ball.	Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed.	Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.	That move created a furore - with Jim Boyce, FIFA vice-president and head of the refereeing committee, warning that penalising Meekings retrospectively would open up a can of worms for the game.	But a three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge - leaving the player free to face Falkirk at Hampden on May 30.	Meekings tweeted:'Once again, would like to thank everybody for the messages and support given over the last few days.	Back to business now, can not wait!'	'I have seen the support from various clubs' fans and I'm very thankful.	I can look forward to the final now, and get ready for Saturday!'	Inverness Caley Thistle chairman Kenny Cameron also released a statement expressing the club' s relief that Meekings would now be central to the biggest game in their history.	'The club is delighted for Josh that the Judicial Panel Tribunal dismissed the complaint brought against him,' he stated.	'Josh will now be available for selection for the Cup Final on 30th May 2015 v Falkirk FC.	'The result means that the club can now fully appreciate the achievement of reaching its first ever Scottish Cup Final and focus on preparations for Saturday's game versus Aberdeen FC.	'On a personal note, both Josh and I would like to express our gratitude to our legal team from Harper Macleod led by partner David Kerr who worked tirelessly to ensure a favourable outcome.'	Caley boss John Hughes revealed, however, that the furore over the Meekings affair had made him consider quitting his job in disgust at Scotish football.	Speaking before the verdict was announced, he said:'It's taken the shine off our victory.	So much so that I'm even looking at myself.	'If this is what goes on in Scottish football, I do n't know if I want to be a part of it.	I'm serious when I say that.	'I'm really, really disillusioned with it and over the last two days I have just switched off my phone.	'I think the whole of British football knows there is a real injustice here.	It's unprecedented and so many people have something to say on it.	'I'm a little bit embarrassed.	I think Scottish football is being dragged through the mud a little bit.	'I think there's a wee bit more to it than what we are seeing.	There has been plenty happening since I came up here, going back to semi-final kick-off times, playing Hearts (in a semi-final) at Easter Road in the middle of Edinburgh, I just think sometimes Inverness get treated with contempt.'	The Meekings affair was the latest recent high-profile case to have been brought by Complicance Officer McGlennan that has subsequently been dismissed.	Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci has twice successfully defended himself against retrospective charges brought following games against Inverness and Celtic.	Earlier this month, Rangers keeper Steve Simonsen escaped an extension to the two-game ban -- with one game suspended -- that he received after breaking rules on gambling.	McGlennan said that the Simoson ban, issued by an independent panel, was'unduly lenient' but another independent tribunal upheld the original decision.	Meanwhile, Aberdeen's Barry Robson lost his appeal against the red card he received against Dundee United last weekend.	The veteran midfielder will now sit out two matches.'	I think there's a wee bit more to it than what we are seeing.	There has been plenty happening since I came up here, going back to semi-final kick-off times, playing Hearts (in semi-final) at Easter Road in the middle of Edinburgh, I just think sometimes Inverness get treated with contempt.'	PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart had warned the SFA that it was creating a dangerous precedent by citing Meekings.	Speaking shortly before the outcome, the former Rangers and Motherwell defender said:' I think you have seen this week from the reaction of players across the country, players have no problem with video evidence being used for incidents that genuinely have n't been seen by the referee.	Maybe a punch behind the referee's back and fly kick when the ball is away.	'But we think, if the rule has been extended, then it is now erring into re-refereeing into a game on a Monday.	'That's not the purpose of video evidence.	That's why the English FA and FIFA and UEFA steer away from that.	The referee could see the incident on Sunday, he just did n't see the handball.'	I feel for the referees because their performance is now being analysed to the nth degree and I do n't think that's fair on them.'
Ronald Koeman is looking forward to this weekend's'special' match against Tottenham, ahead of which the Southampton manager praised the'great job' predecessor Mauricio Pochettino did at St Mary's.	The former Argentina defender ended a 16-month stint on the south coast last summer to sign a five-year deal at White Hart Lane.	Pochettino's exit was the catalyst to an unparalleled talent drain from St Mary's, although successor Koeman has not only steered the club to calmer waters but to new heights.	Southampton boss Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino at the club.	Pochettino (left) managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur.	Southampton full-back Nathaniel Clyne (left) tussles for possession with Stoke's Steven Nzonzi (right).	Stoke forward Jonathan Walters dribbles ahead of Southampton's Maya Yoshida (right) in their last game.	Koeman had to cope with several player sales at Southampton, including Luke Shaw to Manchester United.	Attacking midfielder Adam Lallana (right) was also sold to Liverpool shortly after Koeman arrived at the club.	With five matches remaining, Saints are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth and can usurp them in the European spots with victory in Saturday's early kick-off.	'Everybody was afraid because we had to make a lot of changes in the team,' Koeman told reporters.	'But I think the quality of the players that we brought in were good, at a good level.	I think the rest of the players had really a good aspiration and ambition to do a good season, to play a good season at a good level.	'Now we are fighting for a high position in the table.	There's still five games to play and a very nice one this Saturday afternoon.	'It is Tottenham, the difference is only one point and, okay, for the fans maybe it makes it a little bit more special because Mauricio is now the coach and was the coach of Southampton.	'He is the coach of the opponent this Saturday, so that makes it special but the game will be decided between the white lines.'	Koeman was speaking at St Mary's after meeting Barclays Spirit of the Game hero Tina Croucher, who was being rewarded for her community work at the club.	The Southampton manager and midfielder Victor Wanyama answered questions from a handful of supporters as part of the event, where talk of Pochettino was rarely far away.	Koeman says his return along with the potential implications of the result makes Saturday's match the biggest at St Mary's since he took the reins.	A positive result would see Saints break their record Premier League points haul set last year by Pochettino, although he is unlikely to get a particularly warm reception.	The former Argentina defender's departure left a sour taste with many Southampton fans, whose travelling support gave him a taster of what to expect at White Hart Lane earlier in the season.	'Sometimes if you go as a Barcelona player to Madrid the reception is difficult, and sometimes in Holland,' Koeman said, when asked if he has such a bad reception.	'But, okay, I think the reception for Mauricio normally has to be good because he did a great job for Southampton.'	I like him as a person and as a coach and we have a good contact.'	Southampton midfielder Victor Wanyama (centre) shields the ball from Swansea players back in September.	There certainly does not appear any bad blood between Koeman and Pochettino, despite the latter suggesting earlier in the year that he handed the Dutchman an easy job at Southampton.	Koeman took those comments in his stride, joking at the time that he only came to Southampton'to have a nice little holiday'.	Now, just days before the game, the Saints boss gave a more serious answer, praising his Spurs counterpart for the legacy he left at St Mary's.'	I think they make the beginning (of this) and developed the quality of the players, the young players,' Koeman said.'	I think the structure and organisation in the team, the spirit of the players starts under Mauricio.'	I took that over and maybe we were different in some details.	From what I heard, maybe I try to do more training sessions with the ball and maybe he was a little bit more physical.'	I think the start, for the development of the team, was under Mauricio and he did a great job last season.	'We continue (that) and so far we made it a little bit better than it was, but that is all about the experience and quality of the players.'	Harry Kane scores Tottenham's third goal in their 3-1 win over Newcastle, which sees them fifth in the table.	Tottenham midfielder Nacer Chadli (left) tussles for possession with Newcastle's Fabricio Coloccini (right).
A small mistake from Lewis Hamilton allowed Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to gain the upper hand in second practice for the Bahrain Grand Prix.	To some extent the duo took it easy in FP1 as the team focused on a particular plan given the session was hardly representative of what all the drivers will face in qualifying and the race.	Come the start, and with the track exceptionally dusty given its desert setting and which will naturally improve over the weekend with use, the circuit and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade respectively.	Nico Rosberg (pictured) got the better of Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in Bahrain second practice.	Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place.	Hamilton (left) takes a corner in Sakhir, Bahrain ahead of Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel.	Come the start of FP2 at 6pm local time, when qualifying and the race commence under the hundreds of lights around the circuit, both temperatures had dropped considerably and that is when Rosberg and Hamilton came to the fore.	In FP1 pace was not their concern as the duo finished 15th and 16th, 1.466 secs and 1.705 secs adrift respectively of Kimi Raikkonen in his Ferrari.	In FP2, and with the natural order restored as they finished first and second at the top of the timesheet, just 0.115 secs was the gap at the end of their runs on the soft Pirelli tyre, the quicker of the two compounds this weekend.	That was due to a lock-up from Hamilton in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit which cost him four tenths of a second, otherwise he would likely have beaten Rosberg by three tenths given he was faster in sectors one and two.	It allowed Rosberg to lead the way with a lap of one minute 34.647 secs, with Mercedes' nearest rivals again Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel, but half a second back.	Vettel had his issues throughout the day, though, initially in FP1 as his car suffered a loss of power at one point, but with enough time in hand to ensure he returned to the circuit.	Hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit, leaving him in second.	Sparks fly from the rear end of Hamilton's Mercedes during a practice session in Bahrain.	In FP2, with nine minutes remaining, Force India's Sergio Perez clipped Vettel's car, ripping off the front-wing endplate on the left side.	With debris on the track the session was red flagged, and with the stewards also announcing an investigation into the incident for causing a collision.	Come the restart, Raikkonen and Hamilton took a wide berth in exiting the pit lane around a couple of cars that were slow away, far from impressing the stewards who are to also look at the duo's unnecessary manoeuvres.	Behind the leading quartet came Williams' Valtteri Bottas followed by Daniel Ricciardo in his Red Bull and Lotus of Pastor Maldonado, all within a second of Rosberg.	Sauber's Felipe Nasr, Daniil Kvyat in his Red Bull and the Williams of Felipe Massa completed the top 10, with the latter 1.237 secs off the pace.	Sebastian Vettel had issues throughout the day, eventually finishing the second practice in fourth place.	Vettel finished fourth, behind Rosberg, Hamilton and third-placed Kimi Raikkonen in Bahrain.	McLaren's Fernando Alonso was 1.5 secs back in 12th, whilst for team-mate Jenson Button it was a day to forget.	In FP1 an electrical fault which cut the engine in the middle of turn one ended Button's session after just three minutes, with the team unable to carry out a repair.	In FP2 the veteran was on his third lap when his car ground to a halt, although on this occasion his mechanics were able to send him back out.	Button eventually completed 15 laps, finishing down in 19th place between Manor duo Will Stevens, who finished 4.484 secs back, and team-mate Roberto Merhi.
Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg found themselves in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet at the end of the first practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix while Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time.	But there was no alarm as Mercedes focused on a particular plan, with the 90-minute session at the Bahrain International Circuit hardly representative of what all the drivers will face in qualifying and the race.	At the start of FP1, and with the track exceptionally dusty - a situation which will naturally improve over the weekend with use - the circuit and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade respectively.	Ferrari racing driver Kimi Raikkonen finished first in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix.	Raikkonen is all smiles during the practice session at the Bahrain International Circuit.	With qualifying and the race due to start late evening at 6pm local time, such temperatures will drop considerably.	It meant Mercedes focused on laps rather than outright pace, with Rosberg chalking up 23 and Hamilton 22 - but with their times far behind the lead car, Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen.	The Finn set the pace with a lap of one minute 37.827 secs, two tenths of a second up on team-mate Sebastian Vettel, the German who trails reigning champion Hamilton by 13 points after the first three races of the campaign.	Vettel only managed 12 laps, primarily due to a loss of power with his car relatively early in the session, but with enough time in hand to ensure he returned to the circuit.	Williams' Valtteri Bottas followed the Ferrari pair, a little more than half a second off the pace.	The Finn was followed by Toro Rosso's Carlos Sainz Jr and Max Verstappen in fourth and sixth, with Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo splitting the young pair.	Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton finished 16th during Friday's Bahrain practice session.	Hamilton looked in high spirits as he made his way into the Mercedes garage for the practice session.	McLaren's Fernando Alonso was an encouraging seventh, finishing 0.771 secs down, but for the team there were further woes as Jenson Button saw his session come to an end after just three minutes.	Both McLarens saw the chequered flag in China on Sunday, with the team hailing that a breakthrough after their issues with new power-unit supplier Honda so far this season.	But at the start of his first timed lap on the approach to turn one, Button spun as the engine cut out mid-corner.	The 35-year-old had no choice but to abandon and take the short walk back to the garage whilst marshals rolled his car down a side road exit.	Although the car returned to the pits, Button's mechanics were unable to correct the fault and get the veteran back out on track.	Jenson Button stalled his car during the practice session in what was another disappointing day for McLaren.	Two more rookies, Sauber's Felipe Nasr and Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat were eighth and ninth on the board, eight tenths of a second back, with Felipe Massa 10th for Williams, just under a second down.	Given another outing by Lotus, reserve driver Jolyon Palmer was 14th - ahead of Rosberg in 15th and Hamilton 16th.	The Briton again put in another credible performance alongside more experienced team-mate Pastor Maldonado, finishing a little more than four tenths of a second behind the Venezuelan.	At the rear, ahead of Button who naturally failed to set a time, were Manor's Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi.	The former was five seconds back, but more importantly 1.3 secs ahead of his team-mate.
Tony Pulis returned to Selhurst Park for the first time since he left Crystal Palace and masterminded a victory which pulled his West Bromwich Albion side to the edge of safety.	Alan Pardew tried new ideas on the pitch to outwit Pulis but an early goal from James Morrison and stunner from Craig Gardner meant he could not deliver a satisfying result against the man who left Palace two days before this season kicked off.	Despite the timing of his departure, however, there was very little bad blood between Palace's fans and Pulis who was roundly applauded as he came out from the tunnel in the corner of a ground where the seats are close to the pitch and the crowd can be unforgiving.	A few boos broke the surface, but they were drowned out by waves of the respect he deserved for saving them from relegation last season, during his 10-month tenure, when he won the Premier League LMA Manager of the Year award.	West Brom midfielder Craig Gardner celebrates having scored the second for Tony Pulis' side with a fine long ranged effort.	Before two minutes on the clock, James Morrison (right) headed West Brom ahead following a corner from team-mate Chris Brunt.	The West Brom players race to congratulate Morrison (top left), who headed the away side in front against Crystal Palace on Saturday.	Crystal Palace (4-3-3): Speroni 6 ; Ward 6, Delaney 6, Dann 6, Ledley 6 (Souare 46 6) ; McArthur 6 (Sanogo 80), Jedinak 6 (Gayle 46 6), Puncheon 6.5 ; Zaha 6.5, Murray 6.5, Bolasie 8.	Subs not used: Hennessey, Hangeland, Kelly, Ameobi.	Manager: Alan Pardew 5.5.	Booked: Puncheon, Dann, Bolasie.	West Brom (4-4-2): Myhill 8.5 ; Dawson 6 (Wisdom 71 6), McAuley 6.5, Lescott 6.5, Brunt 7 ; Morrison 7, Fletcher 6, Yacob 6, Gardner 7.5 (Olsson 81) ; Berahino 6 (Baird 88), Anichebe 6.	Subs not used: Rose, McManaman, Sessegnon, Ideye.	Manager: Tony Pulis 7.5.	Booked: McAuley, Gardner, Brunt.	Referee: Jonathan Moss 7.	MOTM: Myhill.	Attendance: 24,765.	Craig Gardner scored a fine long range effort at Selhurst Park (above).	CLICK HERE to see more from Sportsmail's MATCH ZONE.	'You never know what to expect,' Pulis said in regard to returning to a former club.	'They did well for me last year and I hope I repaid them a little bit in respect to what we did in the dressing room and on the pitch.	'It is a good club.	It has got unbelievable potential and I mean that.	The supporters are wonderful and they have a good manager.	They can push on -- if Alan is given the money and the opportunity to push this club forward this club could be a good club.'	Yannick Bolasie even made the effort to go over and shake Pulis' hand as he strolled down the touchline.	Yet the south London locals would not have been expecting what came within two minutes of kick off when West Brom took the lead.	Chris Bunt swung in a corner from the left and James Morrison managed to lose Palace midfielder Jason Puncheon and nod in, completely free, from five yards out.	Some of Puncheon's team-mates looked around in disbelief that the West Brom man was afforded so much space in the box.	'That was a weakness in our set up that Tony exploited,' Pardew admitted.	'It was well worked.	Their guy took Puncheon to the edge of the box where he is not comfortable marking.	'We knew Tony would know the players well, know the strengths and weaknesses, I tried to throw a few ideas in on the pitch.	They did n't come off.	Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie greets former Eagles boss Tony Pulis (right) before kick-off at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon.	Claudio Yacob of West Brom (right) tracks the run of Crystal Palace's Wilfried Zaha during their Premier League clash in South London.	Mile Jedinak of Crystal Palace (right) battles with Victor Anichebe of West Bromwich Albion for possession in the air at Selhurst Park.	West Brom captain Darren Fletcher (right) celebrates with goalscorer James Morrison after his early header at Crystal Palace.	'Our fans are terrific in terms of the understanding of what Tony did here last year, they respected that.	People know Tony does an honest job, he plays the game his way and we respect that.'	Despite that early set back, however, Crystal Palace started to play the eye-catching football that has made Pardew so popular in these parts during his short spell in charge.	And it was all coming through their main man, Bolasie, on the left.	In the 24th minute he weaved into the box, played a one-two then poked an effort towards the near post which West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill did well to save with his feet.	Three minutes later he cut in from his flank and bent an effort towards the far corner that Myhill clawed out.	Then, just after the half-hour, a ball came in from the opposite flank from Joel Ward, was headed on by Glenn Murray and Bolasie executed a sublime bicycle kick, only to be denied by Myhill once again.	If Pulis, dressed in his usual full tracksuit, trainers and cap on the touchline, provided this Crystal Palace team with the spine and solidity to compete in the top flight, Pardew, resplendent in suit and tie, has given them the suave and flair to delight.	In this instance, Pulis' resilient style prevailed and against the run of play they added a second on 53 minutes.	The ball came out from a West Brom corner and Gardner took a touch before, 30 yards out and slightly to the right of goal, he buried a right-foot strike over Julian Speroni into the left of goal.	It is almost mission accomplished for Pulis at West Brom as they moved to 36 points and put a healthy gap between themselves and the bottom three.	Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur controls the ball with West Brom's Chris Brunt fast approaching at Selhurst Park.	Victor Anichebe of West Brom takes on Scott Dann (left) and Jason Puncheon of Crystal Palace (right) during the Premier League contest.	Chris Brunt of West Brom and Glenn Murray of Crystal Palace vie for possession during the Premier League match at Selhurst Park.	Gardner lets fly with this long range strike, which ended up doubling West Brom's lead at the Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon.	The West Brom midfielder is congratulated by team-mate Joleon Lescott (right) as he celebrates his fine solo strike in the second-half.	West Brom keeper Boaz Myhill falls in to the goal netting after failing to keep out Craig Gardner's long range strike on Saturday.	Pape N'Diaye Souare of Crystal Palace (left) and James Morrison of West Brom compete for the ball during the Premier League clash.	Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie (right) was lively once again but could n't stop Alan Pardew's side falling to a 2-0 home defeat.	West Brom manager Tony Pulis (centre) barks out the instructions on the touchline as he witnessed his side take three valuable points.	Victor Anichebe of West Brom and Pape N'Diaye Souare of Crystal Palace challenge for the ball at Selhurst Park during their league contest.	Crystal Palace's striker Yaya Sanogo scores only for his goal to be disallowed during the 2-0 defeat to West Brom on Saturday.	Both sets of players vie for the ball as a cross heads into the box at Selhurst Park as West Brom defeated the south Londoners 2-0 on Saturday.
Andres Iniesta concedes that he has been unhappy with his form for Barcelona this season, despite receiving praise for his role in killing off Paris Saint-Germain in the UEFA Champions League this week.	The Spaniard played a pivotal part in setting up Neymar for the opening goal in the Catalan club's 2-0 second-leg win over PSG on Tuesday night at the Camp Nou, running from his own half before laying the ball on a plate for the Brazilian forward.	Iniesta was typically modest about his fourth assist in Europe this season, preferring to focus on what has been a disappointing domestic campaign for the World Cup winner, in which he is yet to score or create a goal.	Andres Iniesta is kept under close watch by the Paris Saint-Germain defenders during Tuesday night's game.	Iniesta perfectly times his pass through to Neymar for the first goal against PSG at the Camp Nou.	Barcelona's No 8 goes to celebrate with Neymar after killing off the French side in the opening half.	'I'm happy with the way it worked out,' Iniesta told AS in reference to his latest assist.	'The truth is that it was a nice, fast and improvised run, but it's good that it resulted in a goal for Neymar.	'Personally, though, I think I have room for improvement.	I'm unsatisfied with my form right now.'	Despite Iniesta's qualms with his own personal contribution, the 30-year-old is content with how the rest of Luis Enrique's side are currently performing, with Barcelona top of La Liga by two points and adding a Champions League semi-final berth to the Copa del Rey final date with Athletic Bilbao on May 30.	'We're feeling very good going into the decisive stretch of the season,' the World Cup winner stated.	'We could have 10 games left and we will play them all with a positive attitude.'	Barcelona face city rivals Espanyol at the Estadi Cornella-El Prat on Saturday looking to extend their lead at the top of La Liga, and Iniesta anticipates a difficult task at the home of their neighbours.'	I do not think that the derby is a war,' the 30-year-old added.	'But it will be a special and tough game.'	I hope things go well and we get the victory.'
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the type of football which would attract Arsenal, Manchester United or City.	Sportsmail's columnist insists the style of play Atletico Madrid showed against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu would not impress the three Barclays Premier League giants.'	I love watching him on the sidelines.	I love watching his team play, their work rate and their effort, they're a team of men,' Carragher told Sky Sports.	Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys.	Simeone's team battled at the Bernabeu but were unable to take anything away against Real Madrid.	Carragher does not feel Simeone plays football which would attract Arsenal, Manchester United or City.	'But there's no way a top team such as Arsenal, Manchester United or Manchester City would want to watch that and think that is the type of football we want to play.	'The job he had done is unbelievable, I'm not knocking that or his record one bit because I admire him so much.	'But I do n't think bigger clubs will look at that and think that's how I want our club to play.	I admire it and people at home may say it was a boring game.	'But they're playing Real Madrid.	How do you stop them?	You stop [ Cristiano ] Ronaldo.	Play deep, leave no space for counter attacks and do n't play pretty football because you can lose it and be counter attacked.	'How he sets up against Real Madrid is perfect that is shown in their records.	But giants of European football and teams in the Premier League will not want to play like that.'	Simeone, on the other hand, was proud of the way Atletico played during their Champions League quarter-final second leg as they lost 1-0 against rivals Real.	Carragher insists the style of play Atletico Madrid showed would not impress the three Premier League giants.	Mario Mandzukic looks dejected after Javier Hernandez's late goal saw Real Madrid beat their rivals Atletico.	Atletico Madrid were beaten 1-0 after two legs against their neighbours Real in the Champions League.	Only Javier Hernandez's strike two minutes from time separated the teams after two legs as Atletico's Arda Turan was sent off for a second yellow card on 76 minutes during the derby.'	I leave feeling proud of my team,' Simeone said afterwards.	'Again we competed superbly in a competition as tough as the Champions League and to be among the eight best teams in Europe is not easy.'	I was always taught that in the game you have to compete and if you give your all you will go home feeling content.	I do n't have any negative feelings.	There are coaches who would be envious to have these players.'
German football has certainly had better days.	Still coming to terms with the morning resignation of their most gifted and charismatic coach, Jurgen Klopp, the Bundesliga then saw its champions humbled, embarrassed even, at a feverish Estadio do Dragao on Wednesday night.	Not since the days of Jose Mourinho more than a decade ago have FC Porto seen anything quite like this.	Porto remain one of Portugal's eminent teams -- they have been champions in three of the last four seasons -- and won the Europa League four years ago.	But nothing quite feels the same as bringing a genuine European superpower to its knees and Porto and their rapturous supporters went home knowing that they now have a more than a decent chance of squeezing through to the semi-finals of the Champions League when the teams reconvene in Bavaria next Tuesday.	Porto earned an impressive 3-1 Champions League first leg victory against Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich on Wednesday night.	Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer brings down Porto striker Jackson Martinez to concede a third minute penalty.	The Bayern players surround referee Carlos Velasco Carballo following his decision to award Porto a spot-kick.	The 31-year-old forward had no problem slotting the ball past Neuer to give his side an early 1-0 advantage.	German star Neuer dives in the wrong direction as Quaresma calmly slots away the spot-kick with just three minutes on the clock.	Porto: Fabiano 6.5, Danilo 6.5, Maicon 7, Martins Indi 7, Alex Sandro 7, Herrera 7, Casemiro 7, Torres 7 (Neves 74' 6), Quaresma 8.5 (Evandro 84'), Martinez 8, Brahimi 7 (Hernani 78').	Subs not used: Helton, Quintero, Reyes, Aboubakar.	Booked: Alex Sandro, Casemiro, Danilo.	Goal: Quaresma 3' (p) & 10', Martinez 64' Manager: Julen Lopetegui 8.5.	Bayern Munich: Neuer 6, Rafinha 6, Boateng 5, Dante 5, Bernat 5.5, Lahm 6, Alonso 5 (Badstuber 73' 6), Thiago 6, Muller 6, Lewandowski 5.5, Gotze 6 (Rode 56' 5.5).	Subs not used: Reina, Pizarro, Gaudino, Weiser, Lucic.	Booked: Neuer, Bernat, Lahm, Rode.	Goal: Thiago 28' Manager: Pepe Guadiola 6.	MOM: Quaresma.	Referee: Carlos Velasco Carballo 6 (Spain).	Att: 50, 092.	Bayern, it must be said, were wretched.	Missing key players, Pep Guardiola's team were also missing balance, cohesion and an ability to defend properly.	Only the cruel would say that in a week when all the talk has been about Guardiola moving to Manchester City in a year's time, he oversaw a performance rather familiar to those who have been watching the fallen English champions recently.	Guardiola's team started badly and got worse.	In the middle of the game they improved a little but as the second half wore on they failed themselves once again.	This was a defeat by two goals that they can have no complaints about at all.	If they do n't improve markedly next week then they really will go out.	Beforehand, there was little to suggest this would happen.	Yes, Bayern were without Sebastian Schweinsteiger, Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery but Porto are a team with little recent Champions League pedigree.	As kick-off approached you could find odds as long as 4-1 on a home win.	A couple of minutes in to the game, however, the ground shifted significantly beneath Bayern's feet and it was, it must be said, entirely their own fault.	No doubt expecting a bright start from Porto, Bayern simply had to ride it out.	After all, it happens to them wherever they go.	They are used to it.	Here, though, calamity befell the Germans immediately.	Xabi Alonso dithered under pressure from Jackson Martinez on the edge of the penalty area and when the Spanish referee deemed the Porto forward's challenge legal the Colombian eased clear and was felled by goalkeeper Manuel Neuer.	The German number one could have been sent off but was n't.	He received only a yellow card.	Porto playmaker Ricardo Quaresma, meanwhile, moved forwards to put the penalty to Neuer's right.	An awful start for Bayern and perfect for Porto, the pattern continued and in the tenth minute the visiting team contributed another absolute horror show.	This time it was the Brazilian central defender Dante who erred, giving the ball away to Quaresma 40 yards from goal, allowing his opponent to race away and score comfortably with the outside of his right foot as Neuer advanced.	The former Chelsea attacker wheels away in celebration after scoring his first goal of the game at the Estadio do Dragao.	Quaresma is congratulated by Real Madrid's latest signing Danilo (2) as Porto celebrate taking the lead.	The Portuguese forward pounced on a defensive mistake by Dante (right) before slotting Porto into a 2-0 lead.	Porto's route one second goal saw Quaresma make the most of Fabiano's long punt up field - Click here to see more from our Match Zone.	The Porto fans react with joy as Quaresma sprints towards them in celebration of his quick-fire double.	There were many people here who perhaps could n't believe what they were seeing.	On the touchline Guardiola would have been one of them but, outwardly at least, he appeared calm.	Robert Lewandowski had already shaved the bar with a header between the two Porto goals and perhaps he was confident that his team would improve sufficiently to save themselves.	Certainly the game's third goal was always going to be important and it was Bayern who scored it.	As the first half had worn on they had begun to impose themselves a little and it was therefore no great shock when Jerome Boateng's low cross from the right was driven in by Thiago Alcantara from close range at the far post in the 28th minute.	With an hour of the game -- and two and a half hours of the tie -- remaining, Guardiola perhaps felt that things were now under some semblance of control.	As it turned out, he was wrong.	Bayern started the second period almost as badly as they had started the first and would have slipped two behind once more had Neuer not produced the save of the night, acrobatically turning over Hector Herrera's close range shot.	Neuer looks exasperated as the Bundesliga champions concede their second goal of the game with just 10 minutes gone.	Bayern boss Pep Guardiola looks perplexed as his side fall two goals behind during the early stages of the Champions League clash.	Thiago Alcantara pulled his side back into the game after a prolonged spell of pressure paid off for Guardiola's side.	The Spanish maestro grabbed the ball and headed straight back to the halfway line as Bayern searched for an equaliser.	Porto's head coach Julen Lopetegui (left) shouts instructions to his team during the Champions League first-leg.	It was a save that few goalkeepers in Europe perhaps would have made but still Bayern's problems would n't go away.	Porto were too quick and too hungry for them in the middle of the field and the Germans simply could n't keep hold of the ball long enough to impose themselves on what should have been inferior opposition.	Throughout the whole of the second half, Bayern hardly created an opportunity and when what could yet be the decisive third Porto goal arrived with 25 minutes left it represented another act of self-harming from the visitors.	The long ball down the inside left channel really should n't have caused Bayern any problems but Boateng for some reason chose not to head it clear and Martinez then displayed a terrific turn of speed to round Neuer -- who left his line as slight favourite - and score from a tight angle.	Bayern still had time but they had not the wit to get back in to the game.	They will have to do their work at the Allianz Arena in five days' time.	This was Porto's night and if Portuguese football has something of an inferiority complex these days -- and it really has -- then evenings like this will go some way to helping.	Porto's Alex Sandro (centre) looks to get the better of Spanish midfielder Xabi Alonso during the European encounter.	Colombian striker Martinez rounds Neuer with ease before slotting into an empty net and putting Porto 3-1 ahead.	Neuer was unable to stop Martinez as the Colombian made the most of a mistake from Bayern defender Jerome Boateng.	Martinez celebrates putting Porto into a commanding 3-1 lead as Bayern have a night to forget in Portugal.	Martinez (left) celebrates his goal in front of the Porto faithful as Alonso and Neuer look shell-shocked.	Dante (left) leaves the Estadio do Dragao pitch with his team-mates as Bayern suffer a shock 3-1 defeat.	Bayern captain Philipp Lahm reacts after his side lose only their second Champions League match of the 2014-15 campaign.
There is the potential for an all-Italian Europa League final after Napoli and Fiorentina were kept apart in the semi-final draw.	Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro, while Fiorentina have the tantalising prospect of facing holders Sevilla over two legs.	Retaining the title will see the Spanish club win the competition for a record fourth time, although overcoming La Viola will be a big ask.	Rafa Benitez's Napoli have a favourable Europa League semi-final draw as they face Dnipro.	The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon.	UEFA's Gianni Infantino at the semi-final draw for the Champions League and Europa League on Friday.	The Europa League trophy at the draw in Nyon ahead of the semi-finals, which will take place in May.	Sevilla vs Fiorentina.	Napoli vs Dnipro.	Ties to be played on May 7 and 14.	Fiorentina overcame Tottenham, Roma and Dynamo Kiev en route to the last four and have home advantage for the second leg.	The other tie sees Rafa Benitez's Napoli take on Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk of Ukraine for a place in the Warsaw final, which takes place on May 27.	The Europa League semi-final ties will be played on May 7 and 14.	Europa League holders Sevilla celebrate as they beat Andre Villas-Boas' Zenit St Petersburg.	Dnipro overcame Belgium's Club Brugge to book their place in the last four of the Europa League.
Joe Root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the West Indies as he was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson.	Root impressed with the bat on day four of the second Test in Grenada by scoring 182 runs in the beaming Caribbean sun.	The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after Anderson's careless run out as he made his way back to the pavilion.	Joe Root speaks to England team-mate James Anderson after his run out during the first innings in Grenada.	Root shows his frustration by throwing down his helmet and gloves as he makes his back into the pavilion.	Root chucks his helmet to the floor after being denied the chance of hitting a double century in Grenada.	The England batsman waves his bat in disgust after Anderson's lack of concentration at the crease.	It was Root who called for the second run, however Anderson carelessly strolled back and failed to run his bat into the ground.	Jason Holder, who was standing by the wicket, used his impressive stature to pluck the ball out of the air before taking the bails off.	Root then slapped his bat on the ground to show his anger towards Anderson's pathetic running which cost his England team-mate a double century.	The pair did eventually make up when they walked off for lunch following the West Indies spell at the crease.	Root's masterclass ensured England held a lead of 165 over the West Indies going into the second innings.	Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder.	West Indies star Holder leaps in the air before hitting the stumps to end Root's chance of scoring 200 runs.	Holder takes the bails off while Anderson makes his way to the crease without sliding his bat on the floor.	The 24-year-old looks dismayed following Anderson's careless mistake in between the wickets.	Root and Anderson made up as they returned to the pavilion for lunch during West Indies' second innings.
Sam Burgess starred for Bath as Mike Ford's men moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish at the Rec.	Burgess, playing only his second game at blindside flanker, claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni.	The Exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to Tom Court's try, but Bath were in imperious form in the second period and coasted to victory - Blair Cowan scored a late consolation for the visitors.	Bath flanker Sam Burgess is tackled by Exiles winger Alex Lewington (left) and Tom Court.	London Irish loosehead Tom Court burrows over for a try late in the first half.	Bath No 8 Leroy Houston powers over from close range following a strong scrum from the home side.	Ford fired the home side into an early lead with a third minute peanlty after Exiles No 8 Tom Guest infringed at the breakdown.	Bath began the match a furious pace and soon had the second kickable penalty of the night with Ford making no mistake from the tee four minutes later.	Chris Noakes registered the first points of the night for the visitors in the 16th minute following a powerful Exiles scrum.	Ford added two more penalties to give Bath a comfortable 12-3 lead after 30 minutes of play.	Noakes clawed back three points with a second penalty and the former Auckland Blues No 10 almost scored the first try of contest when he intercepted Houston's pass to sprint clear.	Anthony Watson had other ideas, however, as the England flyer showed great pace to get back and bring down the Exiles playmaker.	Bath winger Matt Banahan glides over for another five-pointer during a dominate second-half.	The Exiles were not be denied before the break as ex-Ulster prop Court burrowed over from close range after great work from Guest and Topsy Ojo in the build-up.	Noakes knocked over the conversion to give his side a 13-12 lead heading into the break.	It took Bath just six minutes of the second half to get their act together, however, as Houston peeled off an untidy scrum to touch down, with Ford adding the conversion.	Five minutes later, Joseph raced away to score from his own chip and collect after deft work by Houston and Francois Louw.	Ford converted again to give Bath a 26-13 lead.	Bath lock Dave Attwood celebrates Burgess's bonus point-clinching try at the Rec.	The third Bath try followed almost immediately as replacement lock Matt Garvey made a storming run into the visitors 22.	From the ensuing ruck, the ball was moved swiftly to Kyle Eastmond whose long pass gave Banahan an easy route to the corner.	This time Ford was wide with the conversion but the bonus point was wrapped up on the hour mark as Burgess touched down following a powerful driving maul from the home pack.	Rokoduguni completed the rout in the 72nd minute with an easy finish in the corner.	Scotland flanker Cowan barged his way over in the dying minutes but it was merely a consolation for Glenn Delaney's side.	Fly half George Ford was in sparking form for the West Country outfit against the Exiles.
The draw for the Champions League has pitted Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich against his former club Barcelona, while handing Italian champions a daunting task against holders Real Madrid.	With sub-plots aplenty, and quality assured, the final four of European's premier competition will all feel they have a real chance of adding to their European titles.	Sportsmail's reporters look at each side's reasons for optimism, and caution, ahead of the semi-finals... BAYERN MUNICH by Chris Wheeler.	Reasons they can win the Champions League... Bayern have an excellent Champions League pedigree, with a coach in Pep Guardiola who won this competition twice at Barcelona and a squad that has retained its best players since beating Borussia Dortmund in the final at Wembley two years ago.	So do Barca and Real Madrid but, unlike their main rivals, Munich can focus largely on Europe thanks to a 12-point lead over Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga and the minor inconvenience of a German Cup semi-final against Dortmund.	Guardiola can also expect to call on key players like Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger who did not appear in either of the quarter-final legs against FC Porto.	Pepe Guardiola issues instructions to his players during a supremely impressive performance against Porto.	Guardiola must now work out how to prevent his side's old vulnerabilities returning against Barcelona.	Reasons they ca n't... Usually so dominant, there is a peculiar vulnerability about Bayern under Guardiola.	It was painfully evident in their 5-0 aggregate defeat by Real Madrid in the semi-finals a year ago, and again in the 3-1 loss to Porto earlier this month before they turned it around in the second leg in stunning fashion.	Munich can not afford to be off their game against Barca.	No-one knows Guardiola's game-plan better than his old club.	He will have to overcome them - and then possibly Real - if he wants to win the Champions League again.	Bayern were brilliant in Munich, but a repeat of their Porto horror-show could see them dumped out.	REAL MADRID by Pete Jenson.	Reasons they can win the Champions League... There's a sense that the worst has past.	They did not want Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals having failed to beat them already six times this season.	Then when Jan Oblak worked his miracles in the first leg and the injuries and suspensions mounted up in the second, the task looked even tougher but they came through.	Carlo Ancelotti was vindicated for pitching Javier Hernandez into his forward line and moving Sergio Ramos into midfield.	With the coach in a strong position and the squad behind him they can do it.	Real Madrid will feel like they have got over their biggest hurdle after their late win over Atletico Madrid.	Reasons they ca n't... No one player is more important to Real Madrid than Luka Modric.	They can cope without Bale if Ronaldo is playing and they can cope without Ronaldo if Bale is playing -- they won the Copa del Rey last year that way.	But Bale's former Tottenham team-mate has no real replacement.	Atletico were poor on Wednesday night and so the Croatian was not missed too much but against Juventus his absence will be felt.	He could be back for the final but they may not get there without him.	The injury to Luka Modric is the single biggest obstacle standing in Carlo Ancelotti's way to retaining the title.	JUVENTUS by Neil Ashton.	Reasons they can win the Champions League... The travel advice to anyone planing to watch Juventus in the semi-final is to take a good book.	Massimiliano Allegri's team are living proof that the art of defending Italian-style is alive and well after keeping nine clean sheets in their last 10 matches.	That three-man defence, comprising Leonardo Bonucci, Andrea Barzagli and Giorgio Chiellini, loves smothering opposition strikers.	Conceivably both legs of the semi-finals could finish 0-0 (as well as the final) and the Italians will be delighted to fast-forward to the penalty shootout.	Up front they rely on the example set by their talisman Carlos Tevez, with his non-stop chasing and harrying of opposition defenders, plus his goals.	The likes of Giorgio Chiellini (left) and Leonard Bonucci have provided a solid defence for Juve to build on.	Reasons they ca n't... Even Allegri knows there are many limitations with this Juventus team.	Do not get seduced by the cries of'Ole ole ole ole, Juve Juve,' because tiki-taka this is n't.	Andrea Pirlo's masterful powers are also on the wane after his brilliant career with Milan, Juve and Italy.	Andrea Pirlo still runs the show for the Old Lady, but the Italian's best days are now behind him.	BARCELONA by Pete Jensen.	Reasons they can win the Champions League... It may be true that Bayern Munich have scored 115 goals this season but Leo Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar have scored 95 between them.	Barcelona's front three have clicked in a way that Luis Enrique would not have dared dream.	Neither is the Barcelona forward line ornamental when the team are defending.	Messi drops deep to try to get the team passing -- once he has stopped being Messi he will become the new Xavi -- and Suarez defends from the front chasing down the opposition and forcing errors.	There is a sense that they are carrying the team to Berlin.	Barcelona's front three of Luis Suarez (left), Neymar (centre) and Lionel Messi can carry the whole team.	Reasons they ca n't... For now there are neither injuries nor suspensions but they are forever on the cusp of a potential crisis because the strength in depth is just not there.	Ivan Rakitic, Sergi Busquets and Andres Iniesta is a fine midfield but the second-string middle three of Rafinha, Sergio Roberto and the now 35-year-old Xavi offers fewer guarantees.	Likewise at the back there is a gulf in class between the four first-choice defenders and those who would have to step in.	Injuries to key players like Ivan Rakitic could expose the lack of depth in Barcelona's squad.
There was a time when the name of Juventus would be one to avoid in the semi-final of European competition.	Those days are long gone.	When The Old Lady of Turin takes her place alongside Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Real Madrid on Friday, it will appear that Massimiliano Allegri has returned this great club to the elite level.	In reality it will be a clash of cultures as Juventus, who have kept nine clean sheets in their last ten fixtures, plot their path to the Champions League final in Berlin.	It will be painful and far from pretty if Juve, who held on to the lead Arturo Vidal gave them from the penalty spot in the first leg against Monaco, progress to the final on June 6.	There were scenes of elation as a scoreless draw saw Juventus through to their first Champions League semi-final since 2003.	Juventus's Andrea Pirlo and Carlos Tevez react at the full-time whistle as their 0-0 result against Monaco proved a victory for the Italians.	Juventus players celebrate after their 1-0 win in Turin, courtesy of a penalty from Arturo Vital, was preserved in Monaco.	The Juventus players ran to their supporters with Carlos Tevez (third left) ditching his jersey for the celebrations.	Giorgio Chiellini (left) and Leonardo Bonucci race towards their fans, before Chiellini throws his number three shirt into the crowd.	Veteran Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon punches clear as his defense live dangerously in their second leg against Monaco.	Juventus's midfield maestro Andrea Pirlo shows his strength as he holds off Monaco's Jeremy Toulalan in their 0-0 draw in Monte Carlo.	MONACO: Subasic 6 ; Fabinho 7, Raggi 6, Abdennour 6.5, Kurzawa 6 ; Joao Moutinho 6.5, Toulalan 6 (Berbatov 46mins, 7), Kondogbia 7.5 ; Bernardo Silva 6.5, Martial 6 (Germain 76', Ferreira-Carrasco 6.5 (Carvalho 87').	Booked: Bernardo, Kondogbia.	Subs not used: Stekelenburg, Dirar, Wallace, Elderson.	Manager: Leonardo Jardim: 6.5.	JUVENTUS: Buffon 6.5 ; Barzagli 6, Bonucci 6.5, Chiellini 6 ; Lichsteiner 6.5, Marchisio 6, Pirlo 6.5, Vidal 6 (Pereyra 77'), Evra 6.5 (Padoin 90') ; Tevez 6.5, Morata 6 (Llorente 69').	Subs not used: Storari, Ogbonna, Padoin, Sturaro, Matri.	Booked: Chiellini, Tevez.	Manager: Massimiliano Allegri 6.	Referee: William Collum (Scotland) 7.	At the final whistle Giorgio Chiellini raced across the athletics track at Stade Louis II to throw his number three shirt into the hordes of Juve supporters celebrating their first appearance in a semi-final since 2003.	The feeling is that Juve's race is run.	On the surface Allegri's team are looking good, 15 points clear of second placed Lazio in Serie A and heading for a semi-final against a genuine European force in a couple of weeks' time.	The reality is that this team is relying on some classic Italian traits, with some stubborn defending and the dogged work of Carlos Tevez, Juve's only out ball, for some hustling up front.	It works, painfully so at times, and they are certainly a long way short of the last Juventus team to reach the Champions League final at Old Trafford in 12 year ago.	Back then Marcello Lippi's team had some real class, with the names of Edgar Davids, David Trezeguet, Alessio Tacchinardi and Alessandro del Piero taking Milan to a penalty shoot-out in Manchester.	Today's team relies on the presence of their veteran goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, a survivor from that defeated 2003 team, to provide some reassurance.	Before this tie against Monaco, the Italian World Cup winning goalkeeper spoke about the honour and prestige for Juventus if they could reach the semi-final.	The second leg was all about survival.	At times this was about the darker side of the game, with Chiellini shown an early yellow card when he scandalously scooped the ball away with his hand to prevent Joao Moutinho racing clear.	All three at the back - Chiellini, Leonardo Bonucci and Andrea Barzagli - lived dangerously, a mistake waiting to happen on a tense and anxious night.	Monaco were brisk and innovative, using the first half energy of their central midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia to provide the momentum for Leonardo Jardim' a side.	Kondogbia deserved so much more from this tie.	Juventus and Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini (left) reaches out to pull the ball away from Monaco's Joao Moutinho after slipping over.	Scottish referee William Collum (right) is forced into his pocket inside the opening minute after Chiellini's handball stopped an attack.	Juventus striker Carlos Tevez takes on Monaco's Geoffrey Kondogbia after referee Collum plays the advantage.	Former Manchester City and West Ham marksman Tevez puts his hands to his mouth as a well-hit strike sails off target.	He had a decent shout for a penalty in the first half when he was sandwiched between Chiellini and Vidal, sent off balance when the pair squashed him as he made his way into the area.	Kondogbia was awesome here and anyone who can outshine Pirlo, save for the odd killer pass for Tevez or Alvaro Morata, in the centre of midfield must be doing something right.	Tevez and Morata, who was eventually replaced in the 69th minute by Fernando Llorente, should be credited for their tireless performance in this second leg because they had both picked up a virus the night before the game.	Both are believed to have been sick on the pitch.	It was Tevez who had Juve's best chance here, an effort that skidding wide of Monaco keeper Danijel Subasic's left hand post on the stroke of half-time.	Monaco sent for Dimitar Berbatov at the break, sending on the Bulgarian striker to replace the withdrawn figure of France midfielder Jeremy Toulalan.	He had a poor game here.	Former Manchester United full back Patrice Evra (right) takes on Monaco's Fabinho at pace in Monaco on Wednesday night.	Monaco's Geoffrey Kondogbia attempts to squeeze between Chiellini (left) and Vidal (right) and goes down but penalty appeals were denied.	Fabinho (left) and Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal each show their studs high as they challenge for the bouncing ball.	Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic (right) anticipates a dangerous ball over the top from Pirlo before Stephan Lichtsteiner (26) can meet it.	Switzerland defender Lichtsteiner knows how key Croatian Subasic's speed off the line was as he comes close to an opening goal for Juve.	There was a touch of the old Berbatov in this 45 minute spell, increasing the tempo with some quick-witted first team passes and some blindside runs into the Juve penalty area.	What he craved was the one chance to beat Buffon, to carve out an opening that could, at the very least, have given them another 30 minutes to get the job done.	Instead, Juve are heading for extra time.	Monaco's French midfielder and captain Toulalan (left) is beaten to the jump by Juventus's Spanish forward Alvaro Morata.	Toulalan (left), who returned to the Monaco line-up after missing the first leg defeat, keeps tight on Morata.	Pirlo stems a Monaco attack from the ground with his body and arm as Bernardo Silva attempts to takes his side forward on the counter.	Kondogbia (right) deserved more from the game after a towering performance in the centre of Monaco's midfield.	Dimitar Berbatov (left), who came on for Toulalan at half-time, contests the ball in the air with Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci.	The Principality's Kondogbia (centre) plots his side's next move forward under pressure from Argentinean striker Tevez (right).	He added intensity, charging about the pitch in search of the ball as Leonado Jardim's team went about the business of finding an opener.	They needed it, the one chance to beat Juve keeper Gianluigi Buffon to give them a chance of reaching the semi-final of the Champions League.	Buffon was a key player here.	He made a couple of decent stops, but his commanding presence and his reassuring nature in that Juve goal is a formidable hurdle for the opposition.	Here, he simply could not be beaten.	Portuguese midfielder Bernardo Silva (left) finds himself in the book after this wild challenge on Juventus midfielder Claudio Marchisio.	Tevez attempt on goal flies clear of the target as both sides struggled to break to deadlock in the second leg.	It was hugs all round for the Juve players as they booked their place in Friday's draw for the Champions League semi-finals.	Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri gestures to his players as two tight defensive units did battle.	Monaco head coach Leonardo Jardim makes a praying gesture as his side are asked to force the pace against Juventus.	Prince Albert II of Monaco (right) attends Monaco vs Juventus with his nephew Andrea Casiraghi (left).	The red and white scarves of Monaco's home colours are shown ahead of kick-off as they will their side towards a potential semi-final.	A strong contingent from the Italian champions were in the Louis II Stadium for their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
A mere 53 hours to kick-off and all is serene at the training base of Queens Park Rangers.	Mowers clip along on distant pitches as the sun beats down and the whitewashed pavilion is brightened by pots of forget-me-nots, a flower which could be adopted as the emblem of relegation.	QPR boss Chris Ramsey appears relaxed and untroubled, insisting he had more sleepless nights coaching Tottenham last season and joking about the difference between Lidl and Waitrose.	His job is to chase pressure and negativity away at times like this, but beneath the surface fear tightens its grip on those near the drop zone.	QPR boss Chris Ramsey (centre) is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the Premier League.	Ramsey's side host West Ham on Saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left.	Cesc Fabregas' 88th minute strike saw Chelsea grab a late 1-0 win at QPR earlier this month.	It will be the same at Newcastle, Aston Villa, Leicester, Sunderland and Hull.	Even at Burnley, where Sean Dyche was keen on Thursday to stress his club feel no pressure because their financial commitments are so much less than their rivals.	'We are probably half the wage bill of the next team in the division, let alone all the superpowers, and half the spending of the next team in the division,' said Dyche.	The financial implications are bigger for others but there still exists a fear of sporting failure, a fear of letting people down, a fear of losing your job, your status, security, your self-esteem.	These everyday, human anxieties trouble Premier League footballers, too.	When Cesc Fabregas celebrated Chelsea's winner in the 88th minute at Loftus Road two weeks ago, Ramsey curled into a ball on the touchline and bottled up his fury until he was well clear of the dressing room.	'It was old-school,' he smiled.	'I was a little bit angry.	The cat was running.	I was so disappointed, probably the most disappointed I've been.	It was a very soft goal and it would have given us a massive lift to know we could compete with a team of that calibre.'	Four of the bottom seven did not play in the Barclays Premier League last weekend and watched helplessly as Leicester won again, tightening the pack.	Burnley manager Sean Dyche says his side have had to compete with the smallest wage budget in the league.	NEWCASTLE.	Swansea (Home) - April 25.	Leicester (Away) - May 2.	West Brom (Home) - May 9.	QPR (Away) - May 16.	West Ham (Home) - May 24.	ASTON VILLA.	Man City (Away) - April 25.	Everton (Home) - May 2.	West Ham (Home) - May 9.	Southampton (Away) - May 16.	Burnley (Home) - May 24.	SUNDERLAND.	Stoke (Away) - April 25.	Southampton (Home) - May 2.	Everton (Away) - May 9.	Leicester (Home) - May 16.	Arsenal (Away) - May 20.	Chelsea (Away) - May 24.	HULL.	Crystal Palace (Away) - April 25.	Liverpool (Home) - April 28.	Arsenal (Home) - May 2.	Burnley (Home) - May 9.	Tottenham (Away) - May 16.	Man United (Home) - May 24.	LEICESTER.	Burnley (Away) - April 25.	Chelsea (Home) - April 29.	Newcastle (Home) - May 2.	Southampton (Home) - May 9.	Sunderland (Away) - May 16.	QPR (Home) - May 24.	QPR.	West Ham (Home) - April 25.	Liverpool (Away) - May 2.	Man City (Away) - May 9.	Newcastle (Home) - May 16.	Leicester (Away) - May 24.	BURNLEY.	Leicester (Home) - April 25.	West Ham (Away) - May 2.	Hull (Away) - May 9.	Stoke (Home) - May 16.	Aston Villa (Away) - May 24.	Note: Fixtures in May subject to change for television schedule.	Having reached the point where all seemed lost, perhaps the pressure left Nigel Pearson's team.	They have won three on the bounce.	Now, off the bottom at last, it will get tense again as they head for Turf Moor.	Pearson said:'I'm delighted.	It's a very difficult feat to achieve for any side, let alone one on the foot of the table.	But we're not in a position to sit back and enjoy it.	'My perspective is that we're still in the bottom three.	The danger is there's an assumption the hard work is done.	Far from it.'	Sunderland's Dick Advocaat and QPR's Ramsey have fixed their survival targets at 35 points.	Hull's Steve Bruce thinks he might get away with 34.	At Newcastle, John Carver has 35 and is still uneasy.	Leonardo Ulloa was on the scoresheet as Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 in the Premier League on April 18.	That win elevated Nigel Pearson's (right) side off the bottom of the table and into 18th in the Premier League.	Newcastle manager John Carver believes his team need four points from five games to avoid relegation.	How the league form table looks like as of April 23.	'You can never tell,' said Carver.	'For me, we need four points from five games.	The unexpected can happen.	Look at Sunderland.'	Sunderland were last year's Houdini: bottom with six to play and doomed according to many by virtue of a daunting fixture list.	Then they drew at Manchester City, won at Chelsea and Manchester United and then beat relegation rivals Cardiff and West Brom.	They lost the last game and still finished in 14th, five points clear, helped by Connor Wickham's burst of five goals in three games.	Wickham has scored only four since - no-one at Sunderland has more in the Premier League this season -- and these acts of escapology are more difficult without a goal supply.	Christian Benteke with eight in seven has boosted Aston Villa.	'For him to be at a club fighting at the bottom is a mismatch,' said Tim Sherwood, but Villa still require points as they head to Manchester City.	QPR have 17-goal Charlie Austin.	Will he be enough?	Burnley have Danny Ings, almost out of contract and without a goal in more than two months.	Hull's top scorer Nikica Jelavic is injured.	The cost of relegation is estimated at # 60million by football finance expert Professor Rob Wilson of Sheffield Hallam University.	Connor Wickham scored five goals in three games last season to help Sunderland avoid relegation.	'We normally say promotion is worth # 100-120m,' said Professor Wilson.	'Relegation is harder to quantify.	Clubs wo n't get the full TV rights payment which is about # 80m but they will get parachute payments.	Sponsors pay a premium for the Premier League and those deals will end and salaries can quickly eat up this smaller revenue if there are no clauses to reduce wages or allow a quick sale.	'For a club's first season in the Championship it's in the region of a # 60m direct cut in revenue.'	Fates unknown, clubs sketch out alternative recruitment strategies.	QPR have a dozen players out of contract and, should they go down, Football League penalties are pending for breaking Financial Fair Play rules last season.	Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals in the league for QPR this season - but they still find themselves in 19th.	Relegated clubs will receive a parachute payment of # 25m next season, followed by # 20m in 2016-17 and two more of # 10m if they do not go back up, as fewer seem to do.	No team has bounced straight back with automatic promotion from the Championship since Newcastle and West Bromwich Albion in 2010.	West Ham and QPR rebounded via the play-offs and Norwich are in the race this year.	The Championship is an unforgiving pit to fall into, with 17 managerial sackings this season and an average tenure of less than a year.	'Football has its own laws,' said Ramsey.	'I'd be shopping in Lidl instead of Waitrose.	I'll have a different shopping basket if I look at it from a personal point of view.'	It's truly squeaky bum time in the Premier League relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams.	Sportsmail asks some of the managers in and among the dog fight what they feel is required for them to avoid the drop this season.	CHRIS RAMSEY (QPR).	'If we win three games I think we will stay up.	It might take less.	I'm not saying that's the definitive amount - but we really need to start winning, starting with this weekend.	To do that, we need to concentrate right to the end and make sure that our performances stay similar with a bit more defensive resilience.'	QPR manager Ramsey (centre) feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games.	TIM SHERWOOD (Aston Villa).'	I do n't know how many points it will take.	We've done alright.	Nothing's been achieved yet.	I'm a new voice and given them a lot of belief and confidence that they are better than what they were showing.	They have managed to score a few more goals and have real belief they can go to places and win.	Something was probably a little bit missing previously.	I want to make sure that I do n't take my foot off pedal.	I'll make sure the players do n't.'	Tim Sherwood (left) believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence.	NIGEL PEARSON (Leicester).	'We've put ourselves in a position now where we have a more realistic chance.	That's where we are.	If it raises optimism elsewhere, fine.	If it applies a bit more pressure on other sides around us, fine also.	But as far as I'm concerned it's about making sure we're back to business when we play Burnley.	Because it's a really big game for both sides.	We've got players in decent form.	We want to keep the work ethic that we've shown all season.'	Leicester City manager Pearson (right) hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley.	SEAN DYCHE (Burnley).	'The biggest psychological difference is that others are talking about relegation.	Our fuel is about staying in the Premier League.	It's a slightly different twist.	'Others are scared of relegation.	We're not scared of relegation because we were told by everyone we were going to get relegated.	We are actually looking for the goal of being in the Premier League.'	Dyche insists his side are n't scared of relegation as a lot of people have written them off in the past.
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30 - and the history books points towards that being a good thing for the Gunners.	Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month - which allows the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip.	They picked their claret and blue home kit for the Wembley showpiece and therefore guaranteed that they will have worn the same strip for every round of the competition this season.	Alexis Sanchez (far right) is congratulated after scoring Arsenal's semi-final winner against Reading.	Arsenal players celebrate winning the 1979 FA Cup final at Wembley after beating Manchester United 3-2.	The Arsenal starting XI line up ahead of their FA Cup final against Liverpool on May 8, 1971.	But that wo n't phase Arsene Wenger's side at all, with a creditable record of three cup final wins in five appearances in the yellow and blue strip, giving Gunners fans room for optimism as they look to retain the FA Cup.	Arsenal last wore yellow in the 1980 FA Cup final where they narrowly lost to London rivals West Ham United, but a year earlier donned the same colours as they got the better of Manchester United in a five-goal thriller at the home of English football.	The Gunners also won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow, on both occasions seeing off Liverpool.	Arsenal players celebrate after Charlie George scored his side's winner against Liverpool in 1971.	Arsenal skipper Joe Mercer is held up by his team-mates as they toast their victory over Liverpool in 1950.	Fabian Delph (middle) is mobbed by his Villa team-mates after he scored the winner against Liverpool.	Interestingly though, despite Villa winning the pre-match coin toss, Arsenal will be classed as the home side for the final as this is decided purely alphabetically.	The kick-off time for the clash - which will be shown on both BBC One and BT Sport 1 - has also been confirmed as 5.30 pm on Saturday May 30, with both clubs receiving an equal allocation of 25,000 tickets.	These tickets will be classified into four different pricing bands - # 50, # 70, # 90 and # 120.	In addition to the 50,000 tickets split between the two clubs involved, approximately 20,000 tickets also will be distributed to volunteers throughout the football family which most notably includes counties, leagues, local clubs and charities.	And 17,000 tickets will also be used by Club Wembley members, with the FA Cup final part of their membership package.
An adorable fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert named Simon Cowell.	The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey, travelling to the cub's location in his car.	He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes so in desperate need of being set free.	The young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free.	Upon arrival, Mr Cowell gloves up and immediately begins tending to the fox.	The cub is clearly distressed however and spits at the wildlife expert's incoming hand before making a lunge at it with its mouth open.	Remaining calm, Mr Cowell distracts the fox with a stick -- taking its attention away from his hand -- as he goes to pick it up.	The cub is clearly distressed and spits at the wildlife expert's incoming hand before lunging at him with its mouth open.	Mr Cowell remains calm and manages to distract the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free.	Despite the cub continuing to back away from the help, Mr Cowell manages to get hold of it and carefully lifts it out of the fence.	He holds it by the scruff of its neck and says:'[ If ] you grab them like that they think they're in the mother's mouth and they go reasonably passive.'	He then begins accessing the cub and notes that it is quite young without any signs of damage -- therefore ready for immediate release.	After this, Mr Cowell decides on where he came from and where would be the best place in which to set him free.	The wildlife expert holds the cub by the scruff of its neck and explains that it is the way their mother holds them.	Mr Cowell accesses the cub and notes that it is quite young and without any visible signs of damage caused by getting stuck.	Choosing an appropriate location, the wildlife expert sends the fox on its way and tells it to go back to its mother.	The cub then heads back home -- clumsily staggering over the branches and twigs around it while it wags its tail in obvious delight.	The video concludes with Mr Cowell placing two slabs against the fence so as to ensure the fox -- or any other fox for that matter -- has no chance of getting injured in the future.	The fox is released and staggers off home over branches and twigs while wagging its tail in delight.	Mr Cowell places two slabs against the fence so as to ensure the fox has no chance of getting injured in the future.
Paris Saint-Germain star David Luiz's'joker' status in the dressing room at Chelsea was well documented, and he teamed up with Ezequiel Lavezzi to play a prank on birthday boy Zoumana Camara.	The # 50million centre back was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36-year-old's face into his cake on his special day as PSG prepare for their Ligue 1 trip to face Marseille on Sunday.	Camara, a fringe member of the squad this season, had an unexpected dip into his cake that left him with a faceful of it.	Paris Saint-Germain birthday boy Zoumana Camara poses with a cake at their training ground on Friday.	Camara gets dunked into his birthday cake in a prank set up by his team-mates on Friday afternoon.	But the French defender soon had the cake all over his face thanks to jokers David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi.	The Frenchman posted on Instagram saying:'Thank you all for your messages very happy to share my birthday with you.'	But Luiz posted an'after' shot following the dunking, with the message:'Happy Bday to my happy friend @z.	camara!	What a person!	Love u my man!	All the best!	#Felizaniversariomano' The French champions are still in with a shout of an unprecedented treble, sitting top of Ligue 1 with eight games to go, in the semi-finals of the French Cup and having reached the last eight of the Champions League.	Luiz was known for his wind-up merchant status at Chelsea and seems to have carried it on in Paris.	Lavezzi was also involved in the prank ahead of PSG's trip to face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday.	Camara is a fringe player at PSG and is unlikely to feature in what will be the biggest game of the season.	But their abilities are certain to be tested on Sunday night in a first vs third clash against Marseille at a packed 67,394-capacity Stade Velodrome.	A difficult April schedule makes it important that PSG stay top of the table in Marseille, having struggled to maintain a title challenge for much of the season.	And while Camara is unlikely to feature, both Luiz and Lavezzi could have key roles in the biggest game of the French season so far.
Ronny Deila insisted on Friday night that Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches.	The Celtic manager stressed he still had a positive view of officiating in this country despite the Josh Meekings handball debacle that helped kill his Treble dream last weekend.	But Deila has called for similar transparency as in his Norwegian homeland, arguing that referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores and improve relationships.	Celtic manager Ronny Deila speaks to the officials after his side's Scottish Cup semi-final loss to Inverness.	Celtic wrote to the SFA in the aftermath of last weekend's defeat to Inverness, seeking'to understand' how Steven McLean and his assistants failed to act on the Meekings incident.	'When my team has a bad performance, I have to stand in front of newspapers and everybody,' said Deila.	'If it's good, it's good.	If it's bad, it's bad, but I have to stand up to it.'	I ca n't understand what the problem is with the referees doing it as well.	'They could say:' I made a bad mistake, I'm so sorry, I'm irritated at myself, I should have done it better, I should learn from this.'	What could you say after that?	'It's not important for me to speak with the referee.	It's the Press.	If the Press has a question for me and I say no comment, it never stops.	If I say what I think, then you move on.	'It would be good for referees.	We all know they will make mistakes in the future and do good and bad things.	Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed.	'We will do the same, but just to be open and honest gets you much more respect.	You have to be able to handle it through good times and bad times.	'If they shut themselves away, you do n't get answers and that's why we are writing a letter to them just asking what happened.	'If not, we do n't need to do that.	They tell it to television.	What's the problem?	More and more in Norway, the referees go to speak to the media after the match.'	Speaking in December, Deila said that Scottish referees had been'fantastic' since he came to Celtic and that he had encountered more problems in European matches.	Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.'	I have n't changed my mind,' he insisted.	'You see mistakes all over Europe and I think the referees here have been good, I have no problems with that.	'It's just afterwards there are a lot of things.	So many meetings, appeals, I ca n't understand that system.	But that's not up to me, it's up to others.'	Referees have performances evaluated by assessors but Deila feels it would be better if they came under a more public disciplinary system similar to managers and players.'	I think it is strange that we have to do it and not the referees,' he added.	'We are all one unit -- football.'	I think it should be the same rules for everybody.	If my players are not performing well then I talk with them.	And the solution might be that they are out of the team.	'How do you punish a referee?	You could give another referee a chance instead, give someone a break.	'In Norway referees get banned as well.	They get told they have to go down to the first division for a couple of matches or have a week off and then come back again.	I think that is made public.'
Rafael Nadal's bid for a ninth Barcelona Open title ended in third-round defeat as Italian Fabio Fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to move into the quarter-finals.	Second-seed Nadal had easily seen off Nicolas Almagro in the previous round but found himself in trouble against Fognini, who had won in three sets in their previous meeting on the clay of Rio earlier this year.	And on the same surface in front of Nadal's home crowd, it was Fognini who took the opening set 6-4 after a crucial break in the latter stages, though the second set was to prove an even tighter affair.	Rafael Nadal was dumped out of the Barcelona Open after losing to Italian Fabio Fognini in the third round.	In front of a home crowd, the world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court.	Fognini was able to save six break points in the opening game before conceding it to Nadal, though neither player really dominated even as the Spaniard went 4-2 up.	After Fognini first fought back to 4-4, the set eventually went to a tie-break with Nadal this time having to work his way back from facing match point at 6-3 to level up.	Nadal showed his resolve late on but it was Fognini who eventually won through 8-6, with his opponent missing a relatively routine forehand.	It was Fognini's first win in his six Barcelona appearances but he will now face Pablo Andujar, who also caused an upset in coming through 6-3, 6-4 against fifth-seed Feliciano Lopez.	Nadal, who was denied his 20th win of the season, cut an extremely disappointed figure after his defeat, going so far as terming it' a disaster'.	In quotes published on the Barcelona Open website, the world No 4 said:'My game was mundane.	I did n't have enough power, speed and control in my forehand.	I did n't manage to push Fognini back.	Fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to move into the quarter-finals of the Barcelona Open.	'Fabio played better and he deserved to win.	I did not deserve to win.	That's why I will accept the upcoming challenges.	I will work hard until I get back to my best.	But it will be a while.	'It's a very sad day for me.	This tournament means a lot to me, it's one of the best ATP 500 events on the tour and I feel at home.'	Defending champion Kei Nishikori had little trouble going past Santiago Giraldo in straight sets, the 6-2, 6-1 win coming in just under 90 minutes.	Nishikori, who had beaten Giraldo to win the crown last year, survived several break points to ensure a match-up against Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain.	Spaniard Nadal has just one title to his name since winning his 10th French Open in June last year.	Fognini (pictued) goes on to face Pablo Andujar, who also caused an upset against fifth seed Feliciano Lopez.	Argentina's Pablo Cuevas made a good fist of his third-round match against Bautista Agut, even stretching the first set to a tie-break, but the seventh seed eventually won 7-6, (7-5) 6-2.	David Ferrer continued the home presence in the tournament as he fended off Swedish wildcard Elias Ymer 6-3, 6-4 to set up a clash with Philipp Kohlschreiber who beat Benoit Paire 6-4, 7-6 (8-6).	Martin Klizan levelled up his head-to-head record at 1-1 against Victor Estrella Burgos after beating him 6-4, 6-3 to progress to the quarter-finals.	He faces the winner of an all-home encounter involving Tommy Robredo and Marcel Granollers.
Top seed Kei Nishikori made a successful start to his Barcelona Open title defence with a straight sets victory over Teymuraz Gabashvili on Tuesday.	Japan's Nishikori emerged triumphant from the second-round encounter after seeing off his Russian opponent 6-3 6-4.	The other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards - seventh seed Roberto Bautista-Agut with a 6-3 6-4 win over Thomaz Bellucci of Brazil, and ninth seed Tommy Robredo, the 2004 champion who was a 6-3 6-2 victor against Kazakhstan's Mikhail Kukushkin.	Top seed Kei Nishikori made a successful start to his Barcelona Open title defence with a straight sets victory.	Japan's Nishikori emerged triumphant from the second-round encounter after seeing off Teymuraz Gabashvili.	Nishikori celebrates after defeating Gabashvili during day two of the Barcelona Open.	Eight-time champion Rafael Nadal's first match of this year's tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro, whose first-round contest against Paolo Lorenzi came to a premature end when the Italian retired after three games.	Also in round one on Tuesday, Albert Montanes set up a meeting with fellow home favourite David Ferrer - the third seed - by beating Lithuanian Ricardas Berankis 1-6 6-4 7-5.	Madrid-born 2010 champion Fernando Verdasco crashed out of the competition against Andrey Rublev.	Dominican Victor Estrella Burgos defeated Dominic Thiem of Austria 6-3 7-6 (7/3) to progress to a meeting with Croatia's fourth seed Marin Cilic.	Another Spaniard appearing in round two will be fifth seed Feliciano Lopez, taking on Marsel Ilhan following the Turk's 7-6 (7/2) 3-6 6-1 victory against Great Britain's James Ward.	But Madrid-born 2010 champion Fernando Verdasco's participation is over after he lost 7-6 (7/4) 6-3 to Russian qualifier Andrey Rublev.
A bruising training session involving 50 scrums is how Tom Wood's Northampton prepared for Saturday's top-of-the-table meeting with Saracens.	The Champions have creaked in recent weeks and England flanker Wood, who claims Saints' opponents have'smelt blood', is desperate to re-gather the momentum that was lost following the exodus of key international players during the RBS 6 Nations.	Defeats by Clermont and Exeter have done little to restore confidence but the East Midlands side are ready to address their mini-slump and breathe life back into the title push.	Northampton flanker Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form following some recent poor results.	The Saints were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals as Clermont ran riot on their home turf.	'I do n't think anyone intentionally switches off, but the intensity of a Six Nations camp like that is very difficult to manage,' said Wood.	'Some people think you're away at a five-star holiday resort but the pressure is real.	It's a couple of per cent across the board.	'You might win it and be partying or you might have lost and come back with a lack of confidence.	Then the guys who have stayed back in the trenches for Saints feel like the cavalry have arrived.	In fact, the guys coming back are equally tired or even more so.	It's a combination of things and it's difficult to manage.	'Now there's light at the end of the tunnel and we're not far off full strength.	It's the home straight.'	Saturday's showpiece fixture will be staged at stadiummk, rather than Franklin's Gardens, and a record attendance is expected at the home of MK Dons.	Northampton's scrummaging pride was dented in the defeat by Exeter and, according to Wood, the players have paid the price with gruelling fitness sessions.	'We've had to speak a few hard truths and take a good look at ourselves,' said Wood.	'Teams have smelt blood a little bit.	The last couple of teams have really got into us and pressured us at the scrum, which is something we pride ourselves on.	'When you give them an in, the fear factor goes all of a sudden and the reputation can dwindle quickly.	We've got to plug that hole if we really want to be title challengers.	You do n't win a Premiership without a strong scrum and set piece.	Jim Mallinder's side have been boosted by the return of England lock Courtney Lawes.	'We've definitely been knocked off our rhythm but I do n't think we've played well for a long time.	Winning can paper over a lot of problems and mask a lot of issues.'	But Saints' season is still very much alive.	They will almost guarantee a home play-off with victory while, in contrast, Harlequins campaign will be over if they lose to Sale.	The west London club also felt the squeeze of the Six Nations and they must win at the AJ Bell Stadium to keep alive their slim hopes of Champions Cup qualification.	Harlequins full back Ugo Monye (centre) is hanging up his boots at the end of the season.	For winger Ugo Monye, who lines up against Mark Cueto this afternoon as both players prepare to hang up their boots, it is the last chance to leave his childhood club with European rugby.	'I'm not going to be here next season but I want to finish in the best possible way,' said Monye.	'It's hard to get your head around 14 years coming to an end, because I've been here since I finished school and it's all I've known.	I might be locking horns with Mark Cueto, who's also retiring, this weekend and it will be just as competitive as the first time I faced him.'	GLOUCESTER v NEWCASTLE (SATURDAY: Kingsholm, 3pm).	Dan Robson and Billy Burns form a new half-back pairing for the hosts, in a reshuffled side led by Billy Twelvetrees.	Will Welch and Ally Hogg return to the Newcastle back row after injury breaks.	PREDICTION: Home win.	LEICESTER V LONDON WELSH (SATURDAY: Welford Road, 3pm).	England lock contender Graham Kitchener makes a first Tigers appearance since February, alongside Brad Thorn.	Olly Barkley reclaims the Exiles' No 10 shirt and ex-Leicester flanker Ben Pienaar also starts.	PREDICTION: Home win.	NORTHAMPTON V SARACENS (SATURDAY: Stadium MK, 3.15 pm).	Courtney Lawes has been passed fit to return for Saints, while prop Salesi Ma'afu comes in to reinforce the pack.	Schalk Brits lines up at hooker for Saracens, but Owen Farrell and Chris Ashton are on the bench.	PREDICTION: Home win.	SALE v HARLEQUINS (SATURDAY: AJ Bell Stadium, 2pm).	The Sharks have shifted Josh Beaumont into the second row, to allow TJ Ioane to start at No 8.	Quins are still without England full back Mike Brown and have brought in George Lowe at outside centre.	PREDICTION: Home win.	WASPS v EXETER (SUNDAY: Ricoh Arena, 2pm).	Nathan Hughes will wear No 8 for Wasps after having a suspension overturned, while Christian Wade is fit to start.	Phil Dollman is out with a leg injury, so Byron McGuigan takes over at full back for Exeter.	PREDICTION: Home win.
A play-off career high 32 points from Kawhi Leonard helped the San Antonio Spurs on their way to a 100-73 mauling of the Los Angeles Clippers in Game 3 on Friday.	The newly crowned Defensive Player of the Year was in excellent form for the reigning NBA champions as they took a 2-1 lead in the first-round series.	The Clippers had won the first game of the series convincingly at the Staples Center, but must now come from behind after two straight defeats.	Game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T Center in Texas.	Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as the San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday.	Loenard led the Spurs to a 100-73 victory in Game 3 and into a 2-1 series lead against the Clippers.	Leonard is presented with his NBA Defensive Player of the Year award by his team-mate Tim Duncan.	Boris Diaw had 15 points and Danny Green added 11 for the Spurs, who led by as many as 37 points after two close games in Los Angeles.	The Clippers scored a franchise postseason low and their 11 points in the third were their fewest in any quarter this season.	Blake Griffin had 14 points and 10 rebounds and DeAndre Jordan added 10 points for the Clippers.	Griffin averaged 27.5 points on 47 percent shooting in the first two games, but was held to 6-for-15 shooting against a collapsing Spurs' defence in Game 3.	Elsewhere, Houston's James Harden and Dwight Howard set personal play-off bests in points and rebounds respectively as the Rockets edged Dallas 130-128 to take a 3-0 lead in the all-Texan NBA first-round playoff series.	The Clippers took a 1-0 lead in the series but must now come from behind after two straight defeats.	Houston Rockets moved to within one win of a place in the next round with victory in Dallas.	The Rockets moved within one win of a berth in the last eight of the play-offs, as did Washington with a close-fought win over Toronto.	Harden scored 42 points in a dominating role after deferring to Howard and role players in the first two wins.	Howard dominated the boards, pulling in 26 rebounds.	The high-scoring game was Dallas' first without effectively banished point guard Rajon Rondo, and Monta Ellis had a play-off career-high 34 points to match Dirk Nowitzki.	Ellis missed a potential tying jumper just before the buzzer, leaving Dallas to face a fourth straight year without winning a postseason series since taking the franchise's first championship.	Dwight Howard scored 13 points but had 26 rebounds for Houston in their 130-128 victory on Friday.	Paul Pierce hit a 3-pointer late in the fourth quarter to give Washington a 3-0 lead over the Toronto Raptors.	Game 4 is Sunday at Dallas.	No team has ever rallied from a 3-0 deficit to win an NBA postseason series.	That unlikely challenge now also faces Toronto after Washington went ahead 3-0 with a 106-99 victory over the Raptors.	John Wall had 19 points and 15 assists and 37-year-old Paul Pierce hit two key late 3-pointers for the Wizards.	Six Wizards scored in double figures, including Marcin Gortat, who had 24 points and 13 rebounds.	Pierce's 18 points were highlighted by a 3-pointer that capped a 10-2 run with 2 minutes left, and another with 16.3 seconds remaining after Toronto got within three points.	Washington can clinch the series when its hosts Game 4 on Sunday.	Toronto was paced by DeMar DeRozan, who scored a team playoff-record 20 points in the first quarter and 32 overall, and the Raptors led by 10 points early.	But the Raptors were too inconsistent, just as they have been all series.
Michael van Gerwen and Gary Anderson had topsy-turvy nights in Week 12 of the Betway Premier League in Cardiff.	World No 1 Van Gerwen and world champion Anderson both won and lost a game apiece during an eventful night in the world of darts.	Van Gerwen impressed as he brushed James Wade aside as he cruised to a 7-0 win and booked a place in May's play-offs at the 02.	World No 1 Michael van Gerwen celebrates during his impressive 7-0 win over James Wade.	Gary Anderson (right) won his top-of-the-table clash against Van Gerwen (left) during the night's finale.	The Dutchman's evening suffered a blip when he was beaten by Anderson during his second match of the night.	Anderson, on the other hand, lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match of the Betway Premier League.	The Scotsman sealed a 7-5 win over rival Van Gerwen as he averaged 105.94.	'It was an amazing performance and I'm so really happy with how I played and how it went.	I'm over the moon,' Van Gerwen told Sky Sports on his earlier victory against Wade.	Meanwhile, Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall and Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis.	Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis in a thrilling contest on Thursday night.	Stephen Bunting 7-1 Gary Anderson.	James Wade 0-7 Michael van Gerwen.	Raymond van Barneveld 7-5 Dave Chisnall.	Phil Taylor 6-6 Adrian Lewis.	Gary Anderson 7-5 Michael van Gerwen.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as an added motivation to score goals.	The Belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response.'	I did n't suffer too much but when you hear it for the first time you are like'Oh my God',' said the 21-year-old, speaking at a Kick It Out session at a school in Liverpool.	Romelu Lukaku applauds the Everton fans after a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Burnley at Goodison Park.	Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone, who allows him to focus on scoring more goals.	'But I just responded by scoring goals.	I used it as motivation.'	I remember one game for Anderlecht under-15s, a parent said something but we ended up winning 7-1 and I scored four, so it does n't matter.	'I've not experienced it (racism) like other players but it is still out there, we all know that.'	Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals.	Most have come playing as a lone front man but he said he likes having someone alongside him and is hoping to strike up a partnership with Arouna Kone, who has managed just one goal in 21 starts over almost two injury-ravaged seasons.	Lukaku signs autographs for fans ahead of a Barclays Premier League match at Goodison Park.	'There were some games where I used to play down the sides, it did n't work out for me,' Lukaku told the Liverpool Echo.	'In all the games when I've played as a striker I have scored goals so when the manager switched over with two strikers with Arouna, that was heaven for me because I could do whatever I wanted because there was somebody next to me who had a work ethic the same as me.	It was very pleasing.	'The manager knew that if I had that type of distraction next to me on the pitch then I would be much more free to score and create goals.	'Now, when you play with somebody next to you, you always know you are in a one v one situation.'
Every weekend, Sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the Barclays Premier League team of the day.	Eden Hazard leads the way this weekend, having powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United as they hunt down the Premier League title.	He is joined by two team-mates from Jose Mourinho's champions-elect.	Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis' West Bromwich Albion side gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace, even despite the efforts of in-form Palace winger Yannick Bolasie.	Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester City's late surge against Swansea City.	GOALKEEPER.	Tom Heaton 7.5 (Everton vs BURNLEY).	Burnley might have lost at Goodison Park but goalkeeper Tom Heaton was in no way to blame, producing a string of saves to keep Everton to just one goal in a narrow defeat.	The performance was topped off with a penalty save from Ross Barkley and his showing bodes well for Burnley's hopes of a great escape.	Tom Heaton produced a string of saves against Everton and saved Ross Barkley's penalty.	DEFENCE.	Seamus Coleman 7.5 (EVERTON vs Burnley).	Seamus Coleman was key to Everton's win over Burnley, laying on the only goal of the game for Kevin Mirallas and helping to keep a clean sheet.	And it was Coleman who was fouled by Ashley Barnes to reduce Burnley to 10 men on the stroke of half-time in an all-action showing.	Seamus Coleman was key to Everton's win over Burnley, laying on the only goal of the game on Saturday.	John Terry 7 (CHELSEA vs Manchester United).	Defences across the country have found it impossible to cope with Manchester United of late, but a John Terry-marshalled Chelsea kept them out to take another step towards the Premier League title.	The Blues skipper bullied Radamel Falcao out of the game at Stamford Bridge and helped to limit United to just two shots on target.	A John Terry-marshalled Chelsea kept outut Manchester United to take another step towards the title.	Philipp Wollscheid 7 (STOKE CITY vs Southampton).	A classy performance from the German centre back kept Graziano Pelle and Dusan Tadic quiet in a win over Southampton.	A newcomer to the Premier League, Philipp Wollscheid revels in the physicality of English-style defending and he dominated in defence for Stoke.	Philipp Wollscheid revels in the physicality of English-style defending and he dominated in defence for Stoke.	Luke Shaw 7 (Chelsea vs MANCHESTER UNITED).	Drafted in to replace Daley Blind, Luke Shaw proved to be Manchester United's most penetrative attacking threat in a game they dominated against Chelsea.	Shaw was rarely tested defensively and took plenty of opportunities to go forward.	His cutback should have seen Wayne Rooney open the scoring.	Luke Shaw proved to be Manchester United's most penetrative attacking threat in a game they dominated.	MIDFIELD.	Aaron Lennon 8 (EVERTON vs Burnley).	Enjoying his football and finding form again at Everton, it was another good weekend for Aaron Lennon.	The Tottenham loanee won a penalty in a man-of-the-match display at Goodison Park.	It was another good weekend for Aaron Lennon, who won a penalty for Everton against Burnley.	Craig Gardner 7.5 (Crystal Palace vs WEST BROMWICH ALBION).	Craig Gardner's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for West Brom away at one of the Premier League's in-form sides.	His solid passing in midfield helped to put a stop to Crystal Palace's free-flowing style as Tony Pulis enjoyed a winning return to Selhurst Park.	Craig Gardner's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for West Brom away at Crystal Palace on Saturday.	Eden Hazard 8.5 (CHELSEA vs Manchester United).	Made the difference in a big game again.	Eden Hazard was a constant outlet for Chelsea's midfield and he slotted between David de Gea's legs for a decisive goal.	Hazard's form seems to make him a nailed-on bet for the Player of the Year prizes come the end of the season.	Eden Hazard was a constant outlet for Chelsea and he slotted between David de Gea's legs for a goal.	Yannick Bolasie 8 (CRYSTAL PALACE vs West Bromwich Albion).	Yannick Bolasie was not as successful this week as he was with his hat-trick against Sunderland last time around, but still a threat to West Brom with his pace and power.	Every attack for Palace seemed to come down the left and he was denied a deserved goal when Boaz Myhill clawed away his bicycle kick.	Yannick Bolasie was not as successful this week as he was last week but he was still a threat with his pace.	FORWARDS.	Leonardo Ulloa 7 (LEICESTER CITY vs Swansea City).	Leonardo Ulloa's first goal in the Premier League since Boxing Day brought another victory in the fight for survival.	Only starting after David Nugent was injured in the warm-up, he saw another effort land on the roof of the net, leading the line on a difficult afternoon for the hosts.	Leonardo Ulloa's first goal in the Premier League since Boxing Day crowned a good line-leading performance.	Mame Biram Diouf 7 (STOKE CITY vs Southampton).	A second-half comeback for Stoke was led by Mame Biram Diouf, who slammed home an equaliser against Southampton just after half-time.	A genuine presence upfront and a constant thorn in the side of the usually excellent Southampton defence.	A second-half comeback for Stoke was led by Mame Biram Diouf, who slammed home the equaliser.
Four genuine European heavyweights remain in the Champions League, a quartet steeped in history and silverware.	Between Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Juventus, the big-eared trophy has been lifted 21 times.	Any of those clubs would be deserving finalists in the Olympiastadion in Berlin on June 6.	But for tension, intrigue, and the potential for high drama, the match-up that most appeals has to be Real Madrid versus Barcelona.	Javier Hernandez's late winner against Atletico Madrid sent Real Madrid into the Champions League semis.	Neymar scored both goals in the second leg as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 5-1 on aggregate.	Transporting El Clasico to east Germany would bring a defining chapter to a myriad narratives, raising Europe's grandest derby to a level not seen amid years of ebb and flow between the two Spanish behemoths.	We have seen plenty of tangles in recent years, notably the Champions League semi-final of 2011, and some may insist the unseemly battles when the pair faced off 12 times in 19 months a couple of years ago became too much.	But never have they duelled in the continent's largest match.	That would crystalise their competition.	It would be a fascinating game.	Cristiano Ronaldo is looking for his third Champions League trophy and second in a row with Real.	Barcelona's formidable front three of Luis Suarez (left), Neymar (centre) and Lionel Messi (right).	They have only met twice this season, both times in La Liga.	Real Madrid won 3-1 at the Bernabeu before Christmas before Barcelona's 2-1 win at the Nou Camp last month, so the appetite is not sated this campaign.	A deciding third bout at Europe's main event would draw global crowds not witnessed before.	Just think: Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, the pre-eminent practitioners of this era, head-to-head for the biggest club prize of all.	The Preener v the Peruser, Portugal's athletic might against Argentina's diminutive delight, the current Ballon d'Or holder against the man who won four consecutively.	Barcelona won 3-1 on aggregate when the sides met in the semi-finals of the 2011 Champions League.	Gareth Bale scored the winner when Real Madrid beat Barcelona in the 2014 Spanish Cup final.	Bale celebrates at the Mestalla after scoring a wonder goal that won the Spanish Cup for Barcelona.	Pep Guardiola could come up against his former team Barcelona after guiding Bayern into the last four.	Then there's the undercard fights for supremacy: Gareth Bale, the world's most expensive signing on paper, vying with Neymar, the game's costliest player when all told ; Karim Benzema, that deadly Frenchman, versus Luis Suarez, the indefatigable Uruguayan (both tied on six Champions League goals this season, by the way).	Both teams have a trident attack to strike fear into their opponents.	Whose will triumph on the biggest stage?	It is an intriguing question to pose.	Then we have Carlo Ancelotti trying to save his job by going for his fourth European Cup as a manager, against Luis Enrique, who has weathered a storm in his debut season to break the record for number of club wins (42) in a head coach's first 50 games.	As a player he won La Liga with both Real and Barca but never the Champions League.	Messi and Ronaldo have had many duels, and could have another one this season in the Champions League.	Pepe heads home during Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the Clasico at the Bernabeu in October.	Suarez scored what proved to be the winner when Barcelona won the La Liga meeting in March.	Pep Guardiola facing his old club, the place he delivered dream football and two European Cups, would be tantalising -- be we can have that in the semi-final.	He needs to visit the Nou Camp as an opposition manager.	That would leave Real vs Juventus in the other last-four match.	Two teams with plenty of shared history, not least the 1998 Champions League final when the Italian side's Zinedine Zidane, now a Real coach, was denied by Predrag Mijatovic's goal.	Yes, Real vs Barca on a June evening in Berlin would capture imaginations and invite the world to watch.	Mar 22, 2015 - La Liga, Barcelona 2-1 Real Madrid.	Oct 25, 2014 - La Liga, Real Madrid 3-1 Barcelona.	Apr 16, 2014 - Spanish Cup, Barcelona 1-2 Real Madrid.	Mar 23, 2014 - La Liga, Real Madrid 3-4 Barcelona.	Oct 26, 2013 - La Liga, Barcelona 2-1 Real Madrid.	Mar 2, 2013 - La Liga, Real Madrid 2-1 Barcelona.	Feb 26, 2013 - Spanish Cup, Barcelona 1-3 Real Madrid.	Jan 30, 2013 - Spanish Cup, Real Madrid 1-1 Barcelona.	Oct 7, 2012 - La Liga, Barcelona 2-2 Real Madrid.	Aug 29, 2012 - Spanish Super Cup, Real Madrid 2-1 Barcelona.	Aug 23, 2012 - Spanish Super Cup, Barcelona 3-2 Real Madrid.	Apr 21, 2012 - La Liga, Barcelona 1-2 Real Madrid.	Jan 25, 2012 - Spanish Cup, Barcelona 2-2 Real Madrid.	Jan 18, 2012 - Spanish Cup, Real Madrid 1-2 Barcelona.	Dec 10, 2011 - La Liga, Real Madrid 1-3 Barcelona.	Aug 17, 2011 - Spanish Super Cup, Barcelona 3-2 Real Madrid.	Aug 14, 2011 - Spanish Super Cup, Real Madrid 2-2 Barcelona.	May 3, 2011 - Champions League, Barcelona 1-1 Real Madrid.	Apr 27, 2011 - Champions League, Real Madrid 0-2 Barcelona.	Apr 20, 2011 - Spanish Cup, Barcelona 0-1 Real Madrid.	Apr 16, 2011 - La Liga, Real Madrid 1-1 Barcelona.	Nov 29, 2010 - La Liga, Barcelona 5-0 Real Madrid.
The semi-final line-up for the Champions League has been confirmed and, although there may be no English involvement, four European giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in Berlin on June 6.	With Real Madrid and Juventus winning on Wednesday to join Barcelona and Bayern Munich in the last four, this season's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory.	We asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season's Champions League.	SAMI MOKBEL - Barcelona.	Momentum is key at this point in the season and Barcelona are in overdrive.	Their early-season woes are a distant memory and Luis Enrique is finally getting his point across.	Lionel Messi remains phenomenal and a certain Luis Suarez is hitting top gear just at the right time.	Barcelona's formidable front three of Luis Suarez (left), Neymar (centre) and Lionel Messi (right).	NEIL ASHTON - Bayern Munich.	They overcame their blip (the rip in the seam of Pep's trousers) to power their way beyond Porto in the second leg of the quarter-final and remind everyone just how good they are.	They have much to prove after last season's disappointment but they are a phenomenal team.	I expect them to draw Barcelona in the semi-final.	Bayern Munich produced a stunning display in the second leg to beat Porto in the quarter-finals.	JOE BERNSTEIN - Barcelona.	Bayern and Barcelona are both better teams than Juventus or Real Madrid and to separate them is nigh on impossible.	But given the backroom strife at Bayern, particularly over Arjen Robben's injury, I'd narrowly go for Messi and Barcelona ending their four-year Champions League'drought'.	DOMINIC KING - Barcelona.	To think at the start of the season, after Real Madrid pummelled them in the first Clasico, that we thought the beginning of the end had started.	Now they look majestic once more and the front three of Messi, Neymar and Suarez gives them an edge over all their rivals.	Hopefully it will be a straight shootout between them and Bayern Munich in Berlin.	This is the best Champions League semi-final line-up ever and we might get the spectacular final to go with it.	LEE CLAYTON - Juventus.	Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gianluigi Buffon - experience, goals and know-how.	Tevez is n't Messi (or Cristiano Ronaldo), Pogba is n't Thomas Muller and Buffon is n't Manuel Neuer: Yes, they are ugly bugs on a catwalk of super powers, but they CAN win this.	After all, Denmark and Greece both won the Euros.	Juventus celebrate their 1-0 aggregate victory over Monaco in the last eight of the Champions League.	Juventus striker Carlos Tevez leads the scoring in Serie A this season with 18 goals.	RIATH AL-SAMARRAI - Barcelona.	Since it's been established that we do n't live in a post-Messi (48 goals in 49 starts) world I ca n't bring myself to bet against him.	Would love to see them in a final against Bayern Munich.	CHRIS WHEELER - Bayern Munich.	After that crushing 5-0 aggregate defeat by Real Madrid in the semi-finals a year ago, and the shock of suffering a 3-1 first-leg loss to Porto in this season's quarters, expect the real Bayern to stand up and deliver another Champions League triumph for Guardiola.	Is it written in the stars that Barcelona will be standing in his way?	LAURIE WHITWELL - Barcelona.	The front three of Messi, Suarez, and Neymar are beginning to click to devastating effect and the magical allure of Barcelona is returning.	It would be some turnaround from the disputes and disappointments of early season, but this is a team full of players who know how to win the trophy.	Neymar scored both goals in Barcelona's 2-0 second-leg victory over Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp.	LAURA WILLIAMSON - Real Madrid.	They might be depleted by injuries but experience and pedigree count in this competition and, as we saw against Atletico Madrid, you can never count against the 10-time winners.	Or, indeed, a certain Ronaldo.	Javier Hernandez's 88th-minute winner saw Real Madrid edge past their local rivals Atletico Madrid.	Cristiano Ronaldo is looking for his third Champions League title and a second in a row with Real Madrid.	ROB DRAPER - Bayern Munich.	Bastian Schweinsteiger and Arjen Robben are on the way back, Pep has a point to prove and the team have the memory of that awful semi-final against Real Madrid last year to drive them on.	As long as they do n't take their foot off the gas having already won the Bundesliga, they'll make good the disappointment of last year.	Robert Lewandowski celebrates one of five first-half goals Bayern Munich scored against Porto on Tuesday.	JACK GAUGHAN - Barcelona.	I'm tempted to say Bayern Munich but they've got similar buckling deficiencies to the Barcelona we've seen recently.	By contrast, the Catalans have found their misplaced defensive steel, have a coach whose win percentage eclipses all to precede him and - well - possess Messi.	And Neymar.	And Suarez.	SAM CUNNINGHAM - Bayern Munich.	I would back Guardiola to outwit any of the remaining managers in the tournament with the players at his disposal.	Some were writing Bayern Munich off after their 3-1 first-leg defeat by Porto and look how that went.	Everyone talks about Messi and Ronaldo, but the collective force of Bayern players is frightening.	OLIVER TODD - Barcelona.	After a difficult start to the season they've hit form at the right time.	Enrique has found a way to get the front three of Messi, Suarez and Neymar to fire and even if you can keep two of them quiet - as Paris Saint-Germain did on Tuesday - the other will make you pay.
Patrice Evra believes Juventus called upon quintessential Italian traits in securing their route to the Champions League semi-finals, describing the Sere A side's defeat of Monaco as'ugly'.	Massimiliano Allegri's team secured a 0-0 draw at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night, meaning they progressed 1-0 on aggregate, after Arturo Vidal's second-half penalty proved the difference in Turin last week.	Evra withstood a few nervous moments as Juventus sat back and allowed the French side to dictate the play, but after helping the Italians reach their first Champions League semi-final since 2002-03, the former Manchester United full back claimed that Ligue 1's elite clubs could learn from a more combative style of play.	Patrice Evra prevents Monaco's Yannick Ferreira Carrasco from delivering a cross at the Stade Louis II.	Evra is put under pressure by Monaco's Geoffrey Kondogbia during Wednesday night's quarter-final clash.	'I'm not scientist but for Paris Saint-Germain to lose to a big club like Barcelona and Monaco to lose to an experienced team like Juventus, but I think that in France we're okay being the country that finishes second,' the French defender told beIN Sports after the game.	'We'll have to take the next step, to have a different mentality.	You have to respect the opponent but be more aggressive on the pitch.'	I think the French teams sometimes doubt themselves.	They play some beautiful games but when it comes down to it, do not go through.	'We must give a nod to Monaco, who deserved more tonight.	But, from our point of view, we never really doubted ourselves.	'We played the Italian way - it's solid, it's ugly, but it works.	I am happy and at the same time a little sad for Monaco.	It was strange to return to Stade Louis II, where I spent many happy years.'	Injury meant Paul Pogba sat out the Monaco clash and he is likely to miss the Champions League semi-finals.	Meanwhile, Evra's has urged compatriot Paul Pogba not to be tempted into a swift comeback from injury, after the 22-year-old was ruled out of action for 50 days when he injured a hamstring in the last-16 victory over Borussia Dortmund.	'He's hungry but he has an injury that requires attention,' the left-back added.	'He must not rush his return and instead have faith in the medical staff.	He must only return if he's 100 per cent.'
Pep Guardiola was left purring at Bayern Munich's first-half performance against Porto as the club put a turbulent week behind them to storm in to the Champions League semi-finals.	A 3-1 first leg defeat in Portugal last week followed by the dramatic resignation of long-serving club doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt had turned the spotlight on Guardiola heading in to the tie.	But the Bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager in the business as his side raced in to a 5-0 lead before half-time on Tuesday night.	Bayern Munich players celebrate in front of their fans after the 6-1 demolition of Porto on Tuesday night.	Pep Guardiola looks animated as he issues instructions from the touchline at the Allianz Arena.	'It's easy to love my players now,' said Guardiola.'	I am the coach of extraordinary players.	I did n't expect such a first half.'	Typical of the man though, Guardiola found faults in Bayern's second half performance as Porto pulled back to 5-1 before Xabi Alonso added a late sixth.	'We can still play better,' he added.	'We lost the ball here and there and we can improve on that.	We had a few problems in the second half.	'They had only a few chances but you should never relax in the Champions League.'	Guardiola talks to captain Philipp Lahm (third right) as Mario Gotze (far left), Thiago and Thomas Muller listen in.	It is believed that Muller-Wohlfahrt and his team resigned as they felt they were blamed for the first-leg defeat, though neither the doctor, the club or Guardiola have said as much in public.	Bayern find out their semi-final opponents on Thursday with Guardiola's former club Barcelona already through to the last four and the winners of Real Madrid v Atletico Madrid and Monaco v Juventus to join them in the draw.	Guardiola celebrates as Robert Lewandowski scores Bayern's fifth goal in the first half.
It was one of Barcelona's easier nights in the Champions League as Luis Enrique's team brushed aside Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp to reach the semi-finals.	The 5-1 aggregate victory never looked in doubt as the Spanish side showed signs of returning to their brilliant best, with a combination of experienced stars and blossoming talent in their ranks.	Here Sportsmail looks at the five things we have learned from Barca's crushing victory over PSG.	Neymar (left) celebrates opening the scoring for Barcelona along with Dani Alves (centre) and Gerard Pique.	Neymar is a blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.	He's just a child, said Juliano Belletti in the week.	Some child.	Let's not go overboard ; there's no way of knowing whether Neymar will reach both the level and consistency of Ronaldo or Messi.	But his skill-set and talents seem a combination of those two players, which means he has the potential to be very dangerous indeed.	Neymar chases for the ball during the win against Paris Saint Germain in the Champions League quarter-final.	Neymar has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo (left) and Lionel Messi in his skillset.	Neymar has Messi's close control when dribbling, he has the flair which Cristiano used to display as a badge of pride -- and winds up opponents in the same way.	Both the Real Madrid and Barcelona legends are lethal finishers and Neymar is getting there, as he showed here.	There are still parts of his game which he has to improve ; his crossing and final pass sometimes leave a little to be desired.	But he is in the right place to hone his skills and barring injury, he will be on the Ballon d'Or podium sooner, rather than later.	Luis Enrique has strong chance of matching Pep Guardiola's treble-winning debut season.	Barcelona look like genuine treble contenders.	They are in the Copa del Rey final, against Athletic Bilbao.	They have a two-point lead in La Liga and only six games remain.	And three more victories in the Champions League would see them lift the trophy for the fifth time in their history.	There are tough games to come ; none of the semi-finalists will be pushovers.	But the brutal way they dismantled a PSG side that knocked out Chelsea, the English champions-in-waiting, in the previous round, shows the level they are at right now.	Luis Enrique celebrates with his coaching staff after Neymar's opening goal at the Nou Camp.	They have gone from winning nothing last year to being on the cusp of emulating Pep Guardiola's treble-winning first season.	There's life in the old dog yet.	Lot of reasons have been given for why Andres Iniesta has n't been at his best over the past couple of years.	The most recent is that Barcelona's new style of play has n't allowed him to flourish.	He's having to play in a deeper role, to allow Neymar more space on the left, and offer a bit more protection in a side that features three totally attack-minded forwards.	Andres Iniesta charges at the PSG defence for Barcelona as the Spaniard played close to his best.	But it was from deep that Iniesta started his run, shimmying away from Edinson Cavani, beating two more PSG players for pace and then feeding in Neymar, who scored, killing the tie.	Iniesta may still be acclimatising to the new methods at Barcelona and changes to the way he has played the game for the past decade, but his immense talent will find a way to adapt.	PSG project needs more investment -- as long as it's sensible investment.	Having been knocked out of the Champions League 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona, it's easily believable that PSG chief Nasser Al-Khelaifi will ready the big bucks to bring a new world star to the club in the summer.	Edinson Cavani stands dejected for PSG during the second leg defeat at the Nou Camp.	Cavani goes to ground on the touchline in front of PSG boss Laurent Blanc.	That really is n't what they need.	Bringing another big name into the mix wo n't be helpful ; they need to build a squad.	They need to sign players appropriate for positions, rather than trying to crowbar stars into the side.	Edinson Cavani is a good example.	He was a brilliant centre-forward, right now he's low on confidence and an ineffective foil for Zlatan Ibrahimovic.	Sign, by all means, but sign smart.	Barcelona's big guns blowing apart the landscape.	Perhaps then, it was n't helpful for PSG to see the potency of Barcelona's attacking trio first hand.	It took a bit of sculpting, with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez switching places, but now the terrifying trio up front are flying.	Luis Suarez (left) Neymar (centre) and Lionel Messi celebrate a goal against Atletico Madrid in January.	They're on course to record the highest goal tally for a Barcelona front-line in the past decade.	Back in 2011-12 the Messi, Cesc Fabregas and Alexis Sanchez attack managed 101 - including 75 from Messi himself.	So far this season Messi, Neymar and Suarez have 95 in all competitions.	And if they reach the Champions League final, they have 10 games in which to do it.
Txiki Begiristain was on the 10.30 am Lufthansa flight out of Manchester for Munich on Tuesday morning.	It's the week of the Champions League quarter-finals, therefore the Manchester City director of football would have expected to be on the move.	This week, however, just like last year, Begiristain is on the outside looking in.	City succumbed meekly to Barcelona last month leaving him to plan his schedule only as a voyeur.	The thought of Begiristain and his favourite coach, Pep Guardiola, in the same stadium as Bayern Munich attempt to turn over a 3-1 first leg deficit to Porto certainly provides some appropriate imagery.	Guardiola is the man Begiristain would like to install at City in the summer of 2016.	Manchester City are keen for Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016.	Guardiola cut a frustrated figure as he watched his side lose 3-1 at Porto in the Champions League last week.	Guardiola (right) speaks with midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger during Bayern's training session on Monday.	The 44-year-old will come under more scrutiny if Bayern fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit on Tuesday.	Despite winning the Premier League last season, City boss Manuel Pellegrini has come under-fire this term.	City director of football Txiki Begiristain (left) and Guardiola enjoyed a successful relationship at Barcelona.	These, however, are peculiar times for both men.	Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career and at the hands of relatively inconsequential opposition too.	Begiristain, meanwhile, has a decision to make, along with the members of the City hierarchy, about their current manager Manuel Pellegrini.	Certainly, Guardiola's position is interesting.	The Champions League -- a competition he won twice in four seasons at Barcelona -- is central to his identity.	He has only ever lost ten matches in six seasons as a coach.	Nevertheless, last season's 5-0 aggregate dismantling at the hands of Real Madrid in the last four raised eyebrows in Bavaria.	Bayern were the defending champions when he took over, after all.	Now he faces even greater ignominy unless his injury-hit team can produce something special on Tuesday night, this in a week that has seen the club's distinguished doctor Hans Muller Wohlfahrt walk out in protest at Guardiola's methods and attitude.	Such scrutiny, such criticism is relatively new to Guardiola, who is still only 44.	Last week Bayern chief executive Karl Heinz Rummenigge refused to criticise Guardiola's team.	Previously, however, he had been scathing in his assessment of the Brazilian defender Dante, a player who performed horribly in Portugal last week and who Guardiola recommended for a new contract just last summer.	None of this is helpful to a coach when he is trying to navigate the closing stages of a season that always asks big questions of teams and squad stretched by injuries and fatigue.	In some ways, though, it may play in to City's hands.	Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career.	Last season's 5-0 aggregate dismantling at the hands of Real Madrid is still raw in the minds of Bayern.	Bayern doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt (centre) quit last week after a reported rift with Guardiola.	Dante, Sebastian Rode, Lahm and Robert Lewandowski (L-R) trudge off the pitch after defeat in Porto.	Guardiola -- whose team are expected to clinch another Bundesliga title this weekend and are in the final of the German Cup -- has only a year left on his contract at Bayern.	It is, frankly, difficult to see him extending his stay.	He wants to manage in the Barclays Premier League and though he has a fondness for London, the appeal of working with Begiristain and City chief executive Ferran Soriano after their successful time together at Barcelona is clear and understandable.	Can City really afford to wait for him, though?	With their own squad in need of radical work after the disappointments of this season's dismal Barclays Premier League title defence, can they really ask Pellegrini to enter the final year of his own deal at the Etihad Stadium as a sitting duck coach?	History tells us that managers who know they are leaving do not generally perform well in England.	Sir Alex Ferguson attributed Manchester United's disappointing 2001-02 season to his own publicly declared intention to retire -- subsequently reversed -- while this year West Ham's form has fallen off a cliff after the club's decision to not to renew Sam Allardyce's contract this summer became clear.	If City have real intentions to make up ground lost to Jose Mourinho's Chelsea next season then they will need a playing squad driven and motivated fully.	It is hard to see that happening if they are still playing for a man who can not influence their careers beyond the month of May 2016.	Guardiola only has a year left to run on his current contact at the Allianz Arena after this season.	The ex-Barcelona boss is on course to win another Bundesliga title and Bayern are in the German Cup final.	Having enjoyed success in first Spain, and now Germany, Guardiola's next destination is set to be England.	City know all this, of course, but their options are limited.	Patrick Vieira's name has been mentioned as a short-term option.	The club's current academy head wants to manage and would like it to be at City, where is highly regarded by those who matter.	Why, though, would City expect their first team players to work for an interim coach any more than they would a man, Pellegrini, who has, after all, won a Premier League and League Cup during his time in Manchester?	It is, sadly, a conundrum, without a clear solution.	A rather old school course of action would be for Begiristain to knock on Rummenigge's door on Tuesday evening and offer Bayern an awful lot of money to buy out Guardiola from his contract at the end of this season.	If Bayern go out of the Champions League on Tuesday, it may not cost City as much as they think.	In football, timing is everything.	Maybe it's time for City to be brave.	City's academy boss Patrick Vieira's name has been mentioned as a short-term option to replace Pellegrini.
West Ham are determined to ensure their season does not end with a whimper, according to defender Carl Jenkinson.	The Hammers' once promising campaign has tailed off, with a run of just one win in 11 Barclays Premier League games seeing the club slip from Champions League contention to mid-table.	Their latest disappointing result came at Manchester City on Sunday as they went down to an insipid 2-0 defeat.	Carl Jenkinson holds off the challenge from Jesus Navas during West Ham's 2-0 defeat by Manchester City.	West Ham defender Jenkinson challenges Aleksandar Kolorov during the clash at the Etihad on Sunday.	With Europe now not realistic and relegation not an issue, the Hammers would now seem to have little to play for but Jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless.	The 23-year-old, who has enjoyed a successful season-long loan from Arsenal and could make the switch permanently, said:'People in our dressing room are fired up.	If you came in the changing room after the game you'd see that.	'People are n't resting on their laurels, people ai n't happy finishing mid-table.	We want to kick on.	We have got something to prove now because we have been on a bad run of games and we want to put that right.	We owe that to ourselves and the fans.'	West Ham were never in the game at the Etihad Stadium, losing after a bizarre own goal from James Collins and a swift counter-attack strike from Sergio Aguero before half-time.	James Collins scored a comical own goal to give Manchester City the lead on Sunday.	Enner Valencia and Kevin Nolan did have late chances after City lost momentum following injury to David Silva but they were generally lacklustre throughout the contest.	Jenkinson felt the visitors paid the price for their mistakes but does not feel the team are much doing much differently from the early part of the season.	He said:' I would n't want to blame it on luck but a few things have n't gone our way lately and we have conceded some late goals.'	I think this was a different story - we made a couple of mistakes and got punished.	Sergio Aguero doubled the lead for the champions as they ran out comfortable winners.	'Of course we have got to work on our performances but if you look at the last 10 games, our performances have n't been bad at all.	'We have had some really good performances but teams have scored late goals against us and we have ended up getting a point instead of three.	It has been a bit frustrating.'	I just think early on in the season we were finishing everything.	Everything we got was going in the back of net and at important times of the game.	'We have gone ahead in recent games but never killed the games off and have ended up conceding cheaply towards the end of the game.	Of course that is a real kick in the teeth.	'It is not nice blaming things on luck - you make your own luck - but that has been the story of our last couple of months.'
There was a mild tremor felt in the room when Louis van Gaal banged a fist on the table to reinforce his point after Manchester United had lost 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.	The eruption follows next season.	Van Gaal revealed that he had 11 disappointed faces looking up at him in the dressing room, with the sunken eyes of United's players pleading with him to explain how they had come to be beaten.	They dominated possession, completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect and yet they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from Eden Hazard.	Life can be cruel.	Despite United's defeat there were signs on Saturday, what with the slick passing and their range of movement, that the battle lines have been drawn ahead of a proper title race next season.	Van Gaal's team are coming for Chelsea and this is what English football needs.	United will be a serious challenger.	Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by Chelsea.	Chelsea forward Eden Hazard (left) jostles for possession with Manchester United's Juan Mata on Saturday.	Manchester United midfielder Ander Hererra is sent hurtling to the ground following a challenge on Saturday.	There is a growing sense, based on this performance, that Mourinho and Van Gaal will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for the 2015-16 season is released in June.	This is undoubtedly Chelsea's year, starting off with the Capital One Cup in February and moving on to become the effective team in the Barclays Premier League.	They are ten points ahead of Arsenal with six to play.	Should Chelsea go on to win at the Emirates next Sunday and grab another three points at Leicester the following Wednesday they will be crowned deserved champions.	This used to be United territory.	In the summer they will spend more serious money again, fully intent on assembling a powerful squad to threaten Chelsea, a re-energised Manchester City and possibly even Arsenal over a 38 game season.	There is work to be done, mainly through the middle, and Van Gaal will prioritise central defenders (Mats Hummels and/or Marquinos), an attacking midfielder (Paul Pogba) and another winger (Memphis Depay) in the summer.	For now he can reflect on a promising performance, particularly with Ander Herrera dictating the tempo of the game so impressively in his posting just in front of the back four.	He really looks a player.	When Michael Carrick returns to United's team from injury, his partnership with Herrera will continue to flourish in the centre of that midfield.	Luke Shaw, who has missed United's previous four games in the Premier League, returned at left-back because of an injury to Daley Blind.	He looked solid, if short of fitness.	United are considering an approach for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba (centre) in the next transfer window.	The Red Devils are also keeping tabs on Borussia Dortmund's highly-rated defender Mats Hummels (right).	United still need to address a problem in attack, where Falcao is patently short of confidence and lacking the sharpness that one elevated him into the elite category of strikers with Porto, Atletico Madrid and Monaco.	He will not be staying.	Van Gaal's methods and his regime, brutal as it is at times, is clearly having a positive effect on the majority of this squad.	The captain Wayne Rooney, playing in a deep-lying midfield position just in front of Herrera because of the injuries to key players, spoke of'dominating the football match'.	United's on-loan striker Radamel Falcao has struggled for form ever since joining the club last summer.	United captain Wayne Rooney is deployed in an uncomfortable midfield role at Chelsea on Saturday.	Luke Shaw (right) returns to the Manchester United first-team against Chelsea but looks to lack match fitness.	Hazard shoots to score the opening goal against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.	The Belgian forward slides on his knees in front of delighted Chelsea fans after giving his side the lead.	Crucially Chelsea won it, but there was an obvious undertone to this fixture as Van Gaal's team snapped at Matic in the centre of midfield and made life uncomfortable for the creator Cesc Fabregas.	'In terms of the way we moved the Chelsea players about, making them work, it was excellent,' added Rooney.	'Over the last few months it has all started to click and the players understand what the manager wants.	That's showing in the performances.	'I've rarely seen a team come to Stamford Bridge and dominate so much.	All that was missing was the goal.'	The target is topple Chelsea, to re-emerge as a genuince force in the English game after being left behind by City and Chelsea in the last two title races.	It is true that Mourinho negated the threat of Marouane Fellaini, one of United' s goalscorers at Old Trafford during their convincing 4-2 victory over Manchester City the previous weekend.	Chelsea's Kurt Zouma puts in a solid performance in midfield to stifle the threat of United's Marouane Fellaini.	There was an element of doubt whether he would even be playing when his lookalike brother Mansour arrived at Chelsea's team hotel on Saturday morning to collect some match tickets from Eden Hazard, who is Fellaini's Belgium team-mate.'	I had to Google him,' explained Mourinho after a bum steer from the doorman.	In any event, Chelsea's manager had a plan to keep the United midfielder quiet, and by and large it worked.	'Zouma played to stop Fellaini playing in the box,' added Mourinho.'	He is doing amazing jobs for us.	'Mentally he is very strong.	Not just physically, but mentally.	He has learned a lot from a tactical point of view.	He is 20 years old, so we can imagine Chelsea will have him for 10 years.'	This was an important victory for Chelsea, extending Mourinho's undefeated run to 11 games against teams in the top four since his return to English football.	'Louis is my friend, but we had them in our pockets,' claimed Chelsea's manager.	Next season, though, promises to be very different.	Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho looks animated on the touchline during his side's narrow win over United.
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from Anfield.	Manager Brendan Rodgers, who has suffered another trophyless season after the shock FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa, could see up to 10 of his stars leave.	Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy, while defender Glen Johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer.	Kolo Toure is also out of contract and considering whether to accept the offer of a new deal.	Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard, pictured on Sunday, is one of a number of stars who will leave Anfield.	Gerrard, looking dejected following Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final defeat to Aston Villa, is off to LA Galaxy.	Manager Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave following another trophyless season.	Kolo Toure (left) and Glen Johnson (right) are both out of contract with the latter set to leave on a free transfer.	Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer and Juventus the latest big European club linked with him.	Defender Martin Skrtel's future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract with Wolfsburg planning a move for him.	Right-back Javi Manquillo is set to return to Spain after failing to make an impact while Mario Balotelli's # 16million switch from AC Milan has been a disaster.	Liverpool will listen to offers for him, although getting rid of a man on # 90,000 per week will be easier said than done.	Balotelli's fellow strikers Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert could also depart.	Finally, Liverpool are looking for a goalkeeper to replace or put pressure on Simon Mignolet, meaning Brad Jones is the tenth name who would be surplus to requirements.	There was one good piece of news for Liverpool fans on Monday night when Jordan Henderson agreed a new # 100,000-a-week deal until 2020.	Henderson, 24, is the third player in the squad to agree a contract extension, following Daniel Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho.	Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson agreed a new # 100,000-a-week deal until 2020 on Monday night.	Defender Martin Skrtel, pictured up against Christian Benteke, is a target for Bundesliga side Wolfsburg.	Manchester City are to make an offer for Raheem Sterling with the forward embroiled in a contract stand-off.	Liverpool will listen to offers for Mario Balotelli who has endured a disastrous first season.
Out there in the desert, the mirage continues to shimmer for Amir Khan.	The identity of the challenge becomes blurred in the haze.	First it looks like Floyd Mayweather.	Now he glimpses Manny Pacquiao.	And in which oasis in the sand might he finally touch gloves with one of the two best boxers on earth?	The initial lure has been Mayweather in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Now the siren call is Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	For two years Khan has been so close to fighting Mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd.	Yet each time he reaches out, the tantalising illusion fades and slips away like so many fantasies along the Vegas Strip.	Now the image of Pacquiao dances before him and there is reason to believe that a tale which might have been told by Scheherazade could become reality one starlit Arabian night.	After waiting and waiting for Floyd Mayweather, Amir Khan could be set to face Manny Pacquiao.	A fight with Pacquiao, preparing to face Floyd Mayweather on May 2, is on the cards for Abu Dhabi.	The handsome young prince of British boxing will pay a flying visit to Vegas on May 2, there to watch the PacMan and the Money Man dispute the richest fight of all time.	Win or lose, Pacquiao could await Khan come winter.	Sportsmail's Jeff Powell with Amir Khan.	Bob Arum, the PacMan's vintage promoter, has to hand a treasure trove of an offer for a fight in Abu Dhabi this November or December.	Khan, the stand-by for Pacquiao had Mayweather refused the Fight of the Century, is Arum's first choice for that extravaganza in the Middle East.	Once Pacquiao's sparring partner, now Khan says:'I want this fight.	I would love to box Manny.	We've been looking at an event in Dubai and Abu Dhabi is only a short drive away.	It's a dream of mine to fight in that part of the world.'	As a hero of the Muslim world, Khan would be a huge attraction there.	He now has initials which are the Pakistan equivalent of a CBE behind his name.	His father and mother have just returned from Islamabad where, on their son's behalf, they received from President Mamnoon Hussain the PAPID - the President' s Award for Pride In Performance.	Arum is aware of that box office potential but also recognises the boxing qualities of the'nice young man' from Bolton:'Amir has great speed.	Maybe the only guy as fast as Manny.	And his recent performances have been impressive.	This would be an outstanding fight.'	Assuming that Khan wins his interim bout with Chris Algieri in New York next month, all that would appear to stand between him and his long-awaited mega-fight is the outside chance of a re-match between Pacquiao and Mayweather.	Promoter Bob Arum (left), with Pacquiao and Roach after the 2009 win over Miguel Cotto, rates Khan highly.	Floyd Jnr seems to have no great appetite for a second edition of May 2nd, even though a return bout might bank the man who nicknames himself Money another couple of hundred million dollars.	Either way, Mayweather will conclude his enriching six-fight contract with the Showtime cable network in America in September.	That timing rules out Khan as his opponent - yet again after two broken promises - because his strict observance of Ramadan would not end in time for him to prepare fully.	But if it's not a re-match and Mayweather finds another opponent, Pacquiao-Khan is a natural for both of them.	Pacquiao prefers an early winter date for his second fight of a year and Khan says:'Late November or December is perfect for me.'	Furthermore, it is highly unlikely that if Mayweather beats Pacquiao he will want to risk his cherished unbeaten record for a second time against the most dangerous of all his opponents.	Floyd Mayweather will end his six-fight deal with Showtime in September, which wo n't work for Khan.	Pacquiao works out with trainer Freddie Roach at their base at Wild Card Boxing in Los Angeles.	And Khan suspects that will be the upshot in Vegas:'I actually think that once Mayweather gets through Manny's assault in the first few rounds it will become an easy win for him.	'Manny has speed and power but Floyd has the defensive skill to avoid him and the brain and accuracy to keep picking him off as he comes in.	'The longer it goes the harder it will get for Manny and if he is to win he will have to keep up the pace through every minute of every round.'	Khan has affection as well as respect for his old spar-mate, so it puts him in a curious position to realise that defeat for his pal would benefit himself.	Khan believes Pacquiao will struggle more with Mayweather the longer their mega-fight goes on.	So he says:'I'll just watch it with a professional eye.	And there is a chance that if Floyd's legs really are slowing down that Manny will catch up with him - and he can punch.'	By way of further irony, Khan has been working lately to add to his high-speed aggression exactly the kind of patience he would need if he ever did fight Mayweather.	Hidden away in a unit in a business park in Oakland, across the Bay from San Francisco, is the gym in which trainer Virgil Hunter hones the talents of Khan and his long-time protege Andre Ward, who will shortly make his own comeback from a long lay-off.	Khan has to first overcome Chris Algieri (left), who was decked six time by Pacquiao, on May 29 in New York.	But as his higher education continues under Hunter, he is buckling down.	Partly in the knowledge, at 28, that these are his prime years and they must not be squandered.	He says:'I've wasted the best part of a couple of years waiting for Floyd because I would love to be the man who beat the man considered the best pound-for-pound in the world.	Now I have to make the most of every day because soon it may be too late.	'Floyd and Manny are getting closer to retirement and if I do n't fight one of them soon it may never happen.'	That is one of the reasons why Khan puts on hold a Battle of Britain with Kell Brook, preferring to focus on selling himself in America and thereby stay at the front of the queue for a shot at Pacquiao or Mayweather.	Kell Brook (left) is fighting Frankie Gavin (right) in the 02 Arena and Khan says he has to wait to face him.	Does his May 29 fight with Algieri - recently floored six times by Pacquiao in Macao - help that crusade?	'Algieri's a better fighter than Frankie Gavin (Brook's world title challenger next month).	He's world lightweight champion and he's fought at a far higher level than Frankie.	Kell can wait.'	Khan says:'Being at ringside (on May 2) will be a bit frustrating but I accept that this is the fight the whole world has been waiting to see.	So no.	I wo n't be feeling any resentment.'	It is not much more than a half-hour's flight from Oakland to Vegas.	Amir Khan is hoping that the next time he takes to the air it will be on a magic carpet -- to Arabia.
Sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of Premier League fixtures, as well as intriguing statistics from the Football League.	1.	Frank Lampard's role at Manchester City was always planned as being just a bit part player -- but maybe the 36-year-old should have started more games.	The 2-0 win over West Ham was his 38th appearance of the season but only the eighth time Manuel Pellegrini included him in the first eleven.	Of those matches City have won seven -- including the 3-2 over Bayern Munich -- drawn one and not lost any, scoring 22 goals with just six conceded.	Mind you, Lampard was always going to do well against The Hammers.	In the last ten years he's played 15 against his old club whose fans love to hate him, won 13 and drawn twice.	Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard (left) more game time.	2.	In an era when yellow cards get dished out to defenders like confetti, Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty.	The 32-year-old did get his name taken during England's 3-1 win over Slovenia in November, but the 1-0 win over Burnley was his 46th appearance in all competitions for Everton without getting into trouble despite being in the thick of the action, making 16 clearances.	Jagielka is the only central defender in the Premier League not to have been shown at least one card.	Phil Jagielka (left) is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking.	3.	Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa.	While Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish were the creative stars in midfield in the 2-1 FA Cup semi-final victory over Liverpool, it was the former England ace who created the platform for them.	Cleverley, still on loan from Manchester United and out of contract in the summer, made seven tackles -- two more than Liverpool's midfield put together.	Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa.	4.	Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester in their fight for survival after spending most of the season as a barely used sub.	The winger, who moved from Aston Villa on a free transfer last summer in search of regular football, has instead had to go until the last two games before boss Nigel Pearson has given him 90 minutes on the pitch.	It's been worth the wait.	At West Brom last week he set up one of the goals in the 3-2 win, and he made four chances in the 2-0 victory over Swansea.	Marc Albrighton looks to get past Nelson Oliviera during Leicester's 2-0 Premier League win on Swansea.	5.	Tony Pulis always insists there is no additional incentive when he's facing former clubs, but he still finds something extra in his teams against them.	The 2-0 win for West Brom at Crystal Palace made it three wins out of three in reunion games without a goal conceded.	Pulis got a 1-0 win when he was Palace boss against Stoke last season, the same score by which he beat Stoke again as West Brom boss this year before then going to Selhurst Park to end Alan Pardew's run of four wins in a row.	Tony Pulis shouts instructions to his players during West Brom's 2-0 victory against Crystal Palace.	6.	At 37 years old Didier Drogba may not be the force he once was, but the Chelsea centre forward can still put in a shift for Jose Mourinho when he needs to.	According to the EA Sports performance data the giant Ivory Coast star ran 6.7 miles in Chelsea's 1-0 win over Manchester United, only a tenth of a mile less than the distance covered by rival striker Radamel Falcao.	He also covered more ground at sprint speed than the Colombian, who is eight years younger than him.	Didier Drogba covered more ground at sprint speed than Manchester United's Radamel Falcao on Saturday.	7.	It's been a long wait for Mesut Ozil to live up to his # 42.5 million transfer fee but the German World Cup star is now finding his true form at just the right time.	The 26-year-old provided the assist for both of the Alexis Sanchez goals against Reading that took Arsenal into the FA Cup Final.	It's the second time this season he's provided two assists in a game, both occasions coming since the start of March.	Since the end of January when Ozil recovered from a knee ligament the Gunners have won 13 of the 15 matches he's played.	Mesut Ozil (right) was in fine form as Arsenal earned a place in the FA Cup final on Saturday.	8.	With three points separating the top four clubs in the Championship, the race for a place in the Premier League is the tightest ever with two games left.	And it's not much easier for those trying to get into the top flight via the play-offs, either.	Ipswich still need to win at least one game to be sure of finishing in the top six despite the 1-1 draw at Wolves taking them to 75 points -- a total which would have been enough to guarantee a play-off spot in all of the last 14 seasons.	Mick McCarthy's Ipswich still need to win at least one game to be sure of finishing in the top six.	9.	MK Dons banked # 5million for selling teenage midfield star Dele Alli to Tottenham in the January window but must be thankful they borrowed him back for the rest of the season.	The 19-year-old took his haul for the campaign to 16 goals as got the last in a 6-1 demolition of Leyton Orient which means Karl Robinson's side have now scored a club record 90 League One goals.	If Dons get promotion they'll be hoping to borrow Alli for another year to continue his development at Championship level.	MK Dons youngster Dele Alli with the Football League Young Player of the Year Award on Sunday evening.	10.	Gary Johnson is in danger of having two relegations in one season on his CV unless he can get some points from Cheltenham's last two games against promotion chasing Shrewsbury and at Wimbledon.	The 59-year-old, in charge until February at Yeovil who are already doomed to drop out of League One, took a big gamble agreeing to try to rescue the Robins from losing Football League status after a chaotic season.	A 2-0 defeat at Northampton means time is running out for the former Bristol City boss.	Marc Richards (centre) celebrates putting Northampton into a 2-0 lead against Cheltenham on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat after Manchester United's performance in the 1-0 loss at Chelsea.	Injury-depleted United slipped to defeat despite enjoying the better of much of the play against the Premier League leaders, who are now 11 points clear of the third-placed Red Devils.	Yet the visitors' performance at Stamford Bridge on Saturday has given Rooney and Van Gaal cause for optimism.	United ace Wayne Rooney was happy with his side's display at Stamford Bridge despite the negative result.	Louis van Gaal labelled his side's performance against rivals Chelsea as their best display of the season.'	I thought it was excellent, we dominated from start to finish,' Rooney told MUTV.	'We created some good chances, but unfortunately did n't take any of them.'	I felt that if we got a goal, even with five minutes to go, we would have gone on to win.	'We can take great confidence from this result as I've rarely seen a team come to Stamford Bridge and dominate so much, all that was missing was a goal.	'On another day we could have scored two or three goals, but it was n't to be.	'We have to move on now and look forward to facing Everton next weekend.'	Van Gaal, who deployed Rooney in midfield after injuries to Michael Carrick, among others, was pleased with the chances created, but rued missing them.	'We were always in the half of the opponent,' the Dutchman said.	'In spite of the compact defence and the defensive organisation of Chelsea, we have created in the second half more chances.	'That is an unbelievable performance, I think.	But you need to score.	'Normally we are more effective.	I think we played a fantastic match, but we lost.'	Eden Hazard, pictured with Chelsea team-mate Didier Drogba, scored the only goal of the game.	Van Gaal was forced into deploying Rooney in midfield due to the absence of Michael Carrick and Daley Blind.
They like to play a bit of Queen at Bournemouth's little home in the minutes before their matches start.	They might be better served singing The Grand Old Duke of York.	Only those 10,000 men on that hill could possibly relate to the absurdities of Bournemouth's afternoon engagement with Sheffield Wednesday.	In sequence, they went from top to third to second to top to second again in the space of one 2-2 draw.	They are neither up nor down ; they are neither falling apart nor running away with the loot.	How delightfully fitting in this remarkable season of Championship football that a team unbeaten in 10 before Saturday's kick-off would draw at home to a side with nothing to gain or lose.	Chris Maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court.	Maguire celebrates his late, late strike as the Owls held Bournemouth to a draw on their home turf.	The battle for automatic promotion to the Premier League is hotting up with three points covering four teams and with two games to play.	1 Watford 85pts To play Apr 25 Brighton (a), May 2 Sheff Wed (h).	2 Bournemouth 84pts Apr 27 Bolton (h), May 2 Charlton (a).	3 Middlesbrough 84pts Apr 25 Fulham (a), May 2 Brighton (h).	4 Norwich 82pts Apr 25 Rotherham (a), May 2 Fulham (h).	And how.	They dominated, then they trailed, then they levelled and had a man sent off.	Then their fans got mocked by a Wednesday player and then they led and then the player that did the mocking scored a penalty in stoppage time that irritated the home crowd all over again.	Brilliantly bonkers.	How significantly will Chris Maguire of Wednesday feature in Bournemouth's final analysis?	How serious was Eddie Howe when he indicated that the referees feel Bournemouth, at 15 kicks, have reached their quota for penalties this season?	He was unhappy, to put it mildly, that Lewis Buxton was cleared of fouling Callum Wilson in the second half, telling a radio station:'It looked like the referees have come together and talked about Callum Wilson and said, "Do n't give him any penalties because Bournemouth have had too many this season and we do n't want them to have any more".'	Kieran Lee (second right) celebrates with his team after his 36th minute header put the visitors ahead.	He toned down his sentiments by the time he met the written press and that is probably for the best.	Howe is a good and rational man ; certainly one of the most upwardly mobile and promising of all English coaches.	A sign of the pressure of this incredible promotion race, then?	Who could blame him if it was?	Middlesbrough had beaten Norwich on Friday night to take Bournemouth's place at the top and at 3.36 pm on Saturday Kieran Lee put Wednesday in front.	When Craig Cathcart scored a magnificent volley for Watford against Birmingham -- the only goal of the match -- Watford were top and Bournemouth were third.	The natives grew restless.	Then Yann Kermorgant equalised, lifting Bournemouth back up to second, and a home fan screamed into a camcorder held by a policeman.	Senses take leave at this time of a season, which might also explain how Simon Francis quickly landed himself a second yellow card.	Maguire turned to the home fans and motioned for them to dry their eyes.	Alas, Matt Ritchie then hit the top corner and put Bournemouth top again but in stoppage time Adam Smith fouled Atdhe Nuhiu for a penalty.	'No-one will blame Adam,' Howe said.	'We will tell him how much we love him tonight.'	Yann Kermorgant (second left equalises for the Cherries with 20 minutes of the contest remaining.	Bournemouth's Simon Francis is dismissed by referee Paul Tierney in the 78th minute.	Which is nice, though Maguire did score the penalty and Bournemouth did fall.	Again.	Howe said he felt'heartbroken'.	Over the course of two spells at Bournemouth he has led them from League Two to this precipice, occasionally spending his own money in the darker days when the club was broke.	Today, in their tiny stadium where parking costs # 1 and stewards are encouraged to say hello, they are so close to something incredible.	Tommy Elphick, Bournemouth's captain, gave something of an insight into what his manager has been going through.	'He is probably the first one every day in at 6 or 7 and probably leaving at 6 or 7 at night and the players follow suit,' he said.	'We realise how much he does for us.	When a single person gives that much of their life towards you, you only want to repay them.'	But the best intentions can only do so much in a race like this.	Promotion is worth somewhere in the region of # 120million and, as of the weekend, eight teams are in the hunt for three spots.	Multiple narratives, multiple charges and multiple futures on the line.	It's crazy but it's brilliant.	With only two games to play it has been a magnificent race up the hill.	Matt Ritchie races away to celebrate after his 85th minute free kick put the home side ahead for the first time.
Steve Clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist.	All of a sudden, there was a little extra bounce in his box-fresh training shoes and a fire in his belly burned a little more fiercely.	As a Chelsea player and coach, Clarke has fought hard across the capital with Arsenal over the years but through the first-half at Wembley, his Reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents.	They were flat.	They backed off and defended, and offered a little too much respect to the team with the best form in the Barclays Premier League since the turn of the year.	Steve Clarke applauds fans after his Reading side were narrowly beaten by Arsenal at Wembley Stadium.	Arsenal have been irresistible since they improved at the back and supplied a stronger base for the flair of their many attacking stars to perform upon.	Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez, bought for a total of more than # 70million, combined to open the scoring.	What could Reading do with that sort of money?	Ozil and Sanchez swaggered down the tunnel for the start of the second-half, deep in conversation, planning more damage but Reading stirred, found an equaliser and were able to add urgency to their game.	Clarke sprang up and threw a punch of delight into the air on the touchline.	His team were back in the contest and they contributed to a thrilling FA Cup semi-final.	It was their first since 1927, so it would have been a shame to go home without a fight.	As for Clarke, this must have felt good.	He has been away from the cut-and-thrust of football's elite since he was sacked by West Brom, but here he detected an FA Cup final as Wojciech Szczesny was unable to keep out a deflected volley from Garath McCleary.	The Reading boss won the FA Cup with Chelsea in 1994, a game he considers a defining moment in the history of the West London club.	Reading's Garath McCleary (bottom right) celebrates after scoring a shock equaliser against Arsenal.	But Adam Federici's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time.	Clarke consoles his dejected keeper following the full-time whistle at Wembley.	They barely looked back and were tightening their grip on a fourth Barclays Premier League title as Reading took Arsenal in extra-time.	For all their quality, Arsene Wenger's team still have vulnerabilities.	Clarke, having learned much at the shoulder of Jose Mourinho, will have been aware of that.	He will have been disappointed with the first-half display but hugely proud of their response and the desire they showed.	In the end, Reading were unable to wreck Arsenal's defence of the trophy or Wenger's drive towards becoming only the second manager in history to win it six times, after George Ramsay with Aston Villa, all prior to 1920.	But, as Clarke goes back to the Championship and a home game against Birmingham, he will take strength from this display and use it to inspire his return to the top-flight.	Despite the defeat, Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a Premier League return.
It is a cold, spring night in the heart of Liverpool at a football ground bordering Huyton, where Steven Gerrard grew up, so Paul Scholes is in unfamiliar territory.	But he is reluctant to leave.	Most of the rest of his party have gone but he lingers as the final minutes are played out, with the score 0-0.	It has been a frustrating night for Salford City, the club Scholes co-owns with former Manchester United team-mates Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt.	A draw here at Prescot Cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility.	Gary Neville and Paul Scholes attending the Salford City game at home to Clitheroe Town on Saturday.	(Left to right) Scholes, Phil Neville, Nicky Butt and Ryan Giggs co-own the club with Gary Neville (not pictured).	Salford are attacking the far end of the ground and the view is obscured but, with 90 seconds remaining, the ball breaks for substitute Gareth Seddon about 10 yards out with only the goalkeeper to beat.	And even from Scholes's long-distance view the ripple of net is immediately visible as the ball beats the keeper and Seddon turns away to celebrate.	Scholes, too, punches the air, his face beaming as it once did when he scored a last-minute goal against Manchester City in April 2010.	'We had to win,' he says, a look of real relief in his eyes.	This must compare to watching United in a title run-in.	'It's the same,' he replies nonplussed, before reconsidering.	'Tonight it has been worse.'	Seddon's late goal set the wheels in motion for a fantastic run that has seen Salford win six on the bounce, their latest victory away at Burscough on Saturday.	It takes them five points clear of Darlington, who have a game in hand, at the top of the Evo-Stik League First Division North (four tiers below the Football League).	With one week to go promotion is well and truly in their hands.	Win at home to Ossett Town on Saturday and they are up.	Remarkably, Salford City are the team who have happened upon five of the biggest names in English football as owners.	The former United players, otherwise known as the Class of' 92, are products of the Premier League era which has propelled the game into a celebrity culture.	Here, though, they seem in their element and none more so than Scholes.	Earlier Phil Neville was with him.	'This is going to ruin my week, this is,' he mutters as another chance is wasted.	This is near the base of the football pyramid: clearly the players are a lot better than Sunday League footballers but the culture is closer to Hackney Marshes than Old Trafford.	Scholes sits in one corner with a friend, while Phil Neville, across the table with his father, Neville, informs him that they will be pairing up with One Direction at a forthcoming Pro-Am Golf Day so Scholes might need a stylist to keep up appearances.	Scholes pulls a face while the rest of the group laughs at his expense.	Meanwhile, the Prescot committee members quietly discuss a promising first half.	The Salford owners are scarcely given a second glance, though there is the occasional photo to pose for.	A queue of fans wait for food duing the Evo-Stick League Northern Premier match.	Jimmy Birtwhistle, pictured with his grandsons, is a committee member and has looked after the turnstile for the past six years.	Although yesterday's 2-1 win at Burscough extended Salford's lead at the top, the season has been anything but a smooth ride.	The original manager Phil Power was sacked in January and left complaining that the decision was delivered by chairman Karen Baird, with the owners failing to contact him.	Both Gary and Phil Neville say they did contact him to talk through their reasons but the offer was refused.	'That was a low moment and not something we want to do often because there are good people at this level and you do n't want them to lose their job,' said Phil Neville.	'This season has been a massive learning curve.	The biggest lesson we have learnt is we have to take a step away from the playing and coaching side.	Let the managers manage and players play.	At this level, they are the experts, not us.'	The club are now managed by the duo of Anthony Johnson and Bernard Morley, who won promotion from this league last season with Ramsbottom United.	When Power was in charge, Scholes and Phil Neville attended training and helped out with sessions but, under the new managers, that has come to an end.	'We had become the meddling owners, everything we did n't want to be,' said Phil Neville.	Gary Neville takes up the story.	'Phil and Paul became quite involved in the first three or four months and we found that what might have been seen as a positive did n't work out that way,' he said.	'The players would hear different voices -- one week they would be there, the next they're not there.	With coaching, it's about consistency and repetition.	What was seen as being assistance for the previous manager and creating a buzz just did n't work.	'The sadness of it all is that we did lose a manager and it was not something we wanted to do.	It was not something that we felt good about.'	There have been other adjustments to the non-League level.	'You never win away games at night in midweek,' said Phil Neville.	'Players are tired after a day's work ; often they've rushed to the ground sometimes without eating properly ; naturally they fade late on.'	Former Manchester United striker Danny Webber now plays for Salford City.	Salford City's game against Clitheroe Town on Saturday was free admission for fans.	Captain Christopher Lynch works a night shift loading gas bottles, physically demanding work, and usually has to come off after 70 minutes in evening games to go to work.	The owners have tried to address the fatigue problem, with the team meeting in a hotel for salad, pasta, chicken and salmon a few hours before their matches.	'At the start of the season we had a perfect vision that we'll have the manager now for the next 20 years and we'll have a set of young players and they'll see us all the way to the Football League,' said Phil Neville.	'But as time has gone on, we've learnt from speaking to teams that have come through the divisions, like Fleetwood, Fylde and AFC Wimbledon, that you have to be ruthless.'	If there has been a loss of innocence, there is at least a better understanding of an owner's lot.	'You can understand how, when emotions are running high, owners can make bad emotional decisions like bringing players in on big money and putting yourself under financial pressure,' said Phil Neville.	'I can see how it runs away with you.	When you lose a couple of games you think: "Oh, we need a new player.	Let's just push the budget out a little bit and we'll make it back here."	But you never make it back.'	LEFT TO RIGHT TOP ROW - Phil Neville, Robbie, Savage, Raimond Van Der Gouw, John O'Kane, Mikael Silvestre, Quinton Fortune.	LEFT TO RIGHT BOTTOM ROW - Nicky Butt, Gary Neville, Raphael Burke, Ryan Giggs Paul Scholes line up for a Class of'92 v Salford City match last August.	Gary Neville added:'When we jumped into this we thought this is going to be a big challenge and a lot of people are going to be looking at how this goes.	But actually, no matter what happens, if we're still watching this level of football in five years' time, we'll be disappointed because we wo n't have progressed, but we'll still be happy every week.	'It brings us back down to earth.We might be coaching with England or United or doing a Premier League game or Champions League game in Barcelona.	Then three days later you're at Brighouse away or Ossett Town and there's a tea lady at half-time saying: "Do you want a cup of tea, love?"	It's just real.	People at this level do it for the passion of their clubs and their communities.	And though Giggs and Butt have n't been able to attend as much, because of their coaching duties at Manchester United, Scholes and Phil Neviile clearly feel the same.	'At the start we asked ourselves why we were doing it,' said Phil Neville.	'But when you come down to training, go to matches and mix with the supporters, it just feels real.	'There's a simplicity at this level.	It's exciting to watch.	I know we want the game to be played in a beautiful way but there is also something beautiful about the style at this level.	The roots of English football are actually in the Evo-Stik League.'
What if they come fifth?	Manchester City may have big plans to revamp the team in the summer, with Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri among the high-profile casualties, but what if Liverpool reel them in over the next six matches?	City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference, which equates to five, yet undoubtedly they are vulnerable.	For a team playing this poorly no run-in is easy and matches against the much-improved Aston Villa and even Queens Park Rangers can no longer be viewed with certainty.	Yaya Toure (centre) has been a shadow of the player who fired Manchester City to last season's title.	Manuel Pellegrini (second right) trudges off the pitch after Manchester City were beaten by Crystal Palace.	Future opponents Swansea City and Southampton have little to play for -- yet neither did Crystal Palace.	The long-term plan is plain: Pep Guardiola, at his convenience, probably in 2016.	Yet where will City be by then?	An overhaul of playing personnel is due, but there has been scant evidence Manuel Pellegrini or director of football Txiki Begiristain are adept at identifying replacements.	Eliaquim Mangala was supposed to be a different class to Joleon Lescott, but the Premier League's most expensive defender can not command a place in the team ; Stevan Jovetic is no Carlos Tevez ; Fernando no great upgrade on Gareth Barry or Nigel de Jong.	Toure is in obvious decline, but his influence on City's two title winning seasons was huge.	Can Pellegrini and Begiristain be trusted to find a replacement capable of Toure's impact?	Not on the evidence of their recent signings.	Jesus Navas?	Martin Demichelis?	Even Fernandinho is not as good as he was at Shakhtar Donetsk.	The powers that be at City are waiting for Pep Guardiola to leave Bayern Munich for Manchester.	And what if City are caught and condemned to the Europa League?	What happens to this lavish rebuilding plan then?	Take away the Champions League money and City's financial capacity is not really much greater than Tottenham's.	Pellegrini has performed weakly this season and keeping him on another year while marking time for Guardiola is a giant gamble.	Roberto Mancini got City into the elite in the nick of time with the financial fair play regulations about to be introduced.	Locked outside, City's capacity to improve would be severely limited.	Would Guardiola even come in those circumstances?	Great manager he may be, but not one that has shown any burning desire to work off the same budget as Everton.
It could be the result of jetlag, or maybe a few too many beers.	As passengers waited to collect their luggage from the baggage reclaim, they were in for a shock when they discovered a man asleep on the conveyor.	The incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia, and shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies.	A man decided to have a snooze on the airport baggage reclaim, not looking too comfortable.	While the rubber may well be more comfortable than the airport floor, the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less-than comfortable snooze.	Incredibly, other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage than the fate of the dozing man in shorts.	It's not the first instance where passengers have decided to relax on the baggage reclaim.	An inebriated Chinese passenger wandered into a train station in his home country and fell asleep on the luggage belt.	While some passengers appeared amused by the sleeping man, most were focused on claiming their luggage.	When the machine started working, the man was taken through the X-ray scanner.	Officials at the station decided to release the images as a warning to others not to do similar.	And staff at Rome's Fiumicino Airport spotted a man curled up on the conveyor after a 55-yard free ride.	The Norwegian was believed to be under the influence of alcohol, and had clambered over a check-in desk to grab some rest.	The incident brought smiles from those waiting for luggage, while the passenger circled around.
Departing England Cricket Board chairman Giles Clarke chose one of the most prestigious cricket occasions of the year, the Wisden Almanack launch, to make a complete fool of himself.	Clarke, despite his standing as one of world cricket's big powerbrokers who will continue with his deputy chairmanship of the ICC, embarrassed VIP guests with his astonishing behaviour at the Lord's Pavilion Long Room dinner.	Clarke arrived upset that the new ECB regime had just sacked his England managing director appointment, Paul Downton, whom he had rashly called a'man of great judgment'.	Departing ECB chairman Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch.	Clarke confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth during the dinner.	He was further annoyed that Lawrence Booth's Wisden editor notes had been scathing of the way the ECB on Clarke's watch had botched the axing of Kevin Pietersen while operating a'nexus of self-preservation'.	And Clarke finally lost the plot when eloquent guest speaker Ehsan Mani of Pakistan, the former president of ICC, outlined his understandable concern for the future of world cricket as a result of the financial and power carve-up by Clarke's England, Australia and India.	After Mani had finished speaking Clarke loudly harangued Wisden editor Booth across the table -- in front of England all-rounder Moeen Ali, former fast bowler Devon Malcolm and ECB chief executive Tom Harrison.	England cricketer Moeen Ali witnessed the incident at the Lord's Pavilion Long Room dinner.	Clarke was furious Mani's'disgraceful' address had made no mention of ICC's Test match contingency fund and also had strong objections to Wisden's opinions.	Yet Clarke had been granted a two-page platform in last year's almanack to explain his ICC strategy.	Clarke then confronted Mani about his speech and had another go at Booth before storming out of the Long Room in high dudgeon.	Mani said:'I'm very used to Giles being utterly irrational.	He always thinks it's just about him when there's a far bigger picture of three countries sharing 52 per cent of income between them.'	To complete the farce, Clarke's nomination was supported by the ECB board on Thursday for him to become the first ECB president.	Sky ban Henry for AP.	Sky Sports have refused to allow their pundit Thierry Henry to present AP McCoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title at Sandown on April 25, where the great AP could ride for the last time.	Racing officials had asked Henry, who immediately agreed due to the esteem McCoy is held in by fellow sportsmen and because he is a big Arsenal fan to boot.	But Sky have withdrawn Henry because the race meeting is being broadcast on Channel 4.	A Sky spokesman said the Henry approach had not been made through the right channels.	Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry (centre) will not be allowed to appear on Channel 4's racing coverage.	Henry had agreed to present Arsenal supporter Jockey AP McCoy with his 20th champion jump jockey title.	Clare Balding is snubbing the Grand National to present the women's Boat Race on BBC.	And after a Royal Ascot farewell, C4 Racing do n't expect to work with Balding again.	They believe she is now more focused on writing books, with a children's fiction story her next commission.	Presenter Clare Balding will present the women's Boat Race on BBC rather than the Grand National.	With even former England batting coach Graham Gooch saying the Kevin Pietersen camp had wiped the floor with the ECB in the PR battle over KP's banishment, it was depressing that new CEO Tom Harrison shows no sign of being more helpful with the media.	When asked for a word as he left the Wisden dinner about his earlier axing of Paul Downton, he refused to break stride, merely stating:'We've said all we want to say.'	The Harrison regime have promised to stop leaks coming out of Lord's, yet Sky Sports had a satellite truck and reporter in position at Lord's for the unexpected Downton announcement and a correspondent ready to report live from St Kitts.	Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.	Former Ashes-winning England captains Michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss are the obvious choices for the newly created job of director of England after the sacking of Paul Downton.	But the ECB work in mysterious ways, such as paying for David Parsons, the ECB performance director, to go on the part-time masters course in sporting directorship at Manchester's Metropolitan University which Lancashire coach Ashley Giles is also on.	Michael Vaughan (right) and Andrew Strauss (left) are among the contenders to replace Downton.
If they did n't know it already, Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea's next generation of exciting starlets that he can not absorb them all into his first-team squad.'	I can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids,' said Mourinho, as his club prepare for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final, at Manchester City.	Ask around about youth development and most experts feel Chelsea are getting it right at Academy level.	Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea's next generation that he can not use them all at once.	Chelsea captain isiah Brown celebrates with the trophy after victory in the UEFA Youth League final.	Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been part of the the first-team at Chelsea and is set to get his chance next season.	The Under 19s won the UEFA Youth League last week and the Under 18s will attempt to defend the Youth Cup against Manchester City, another club working hard with some signs of success in this area.	Neither of them, however, has quite solved the problem of bridging the final void, converting this prized talent into first-team footballers.	John Terry was the last at Chelsea, but one or two of this crop are considered to have a genuine chance and Mourinho has promised 19-year-old Ruben Loftus-Cheek his opportunity next season.	'Next season, Ruben will not be a kid in the development process,' said Mourinho.	'He will be a first-team player, absolutely ready to play and compete.	And we will do the same with two or three or four players.	'Some of the older ones will go on loan to play every game in the Championship or the Premier League, even abroad.	And we will bring some of the younger ones into the process.	But to have them all at the same time in the first-team squad is hard.'	I can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids.	I must have a squad like we have now of 16 or 17 seniors and three or four kids.'	John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea and he has gone on to become captain.	Terry celebrates after Chelsea beat Manchester United on Saturday to tighten their grip on the title.	Strikers Isiah Brown, 18, and Dominic Solanke, 17, are earmarked for big things, but Loftus-Cheek, at Chelsea since the age of eight, has precisely what Mourinho wants in his midfield.	He is tall, strong, athletic, and has poise on the ball.	He is not dissimilar to Nemanja Matic in style and might just save the club # 70million they might otherwise be tempted to spend on someone like Paul Pogba from Juventus.	This would be an enormous boost for Chelsea as they wriggle within the confines of UEFA's Financial Fair Play.	Strikers Isiah Brown, 18, and Dominic Solanke, 17, are earmarked for big things after the European success.	Loftus-Cheek, at Chelsea since the age of eight, has precisely what Mourinho wants in his first-team midfield.	Mourinho would like extra muscle in central midfield for the big games.	His experiments with Kurt Zouma alongside Matic have gone quite well, but ideally, he would prefer someone who can perform the same defensive duties and still flex into attack with pace and vision.	Also, he will need Zouma at centre half.	Pogba would strengthen Mourinho's team but what signal would that send to Loftus-Cheek, and the rest of those striving to graduate at Cobham and the give the club something it craves?	The Chelsea manager said:'From that team that won the UEFA Youth League, four belong to my squad.	Four are my players, first-team players who train with the first-team every day and develop with the first-team.	When they're not selected with the first-team - and normally they're not selected - they go back and play there.	'Their development is easier when they're training every day with the first-team, doing pre-season, playing some matches, playing 20 minutes or half an hour in an FA Cup match, Capital One Cup match, even a Champions League match or in the league now and again.	The tall, powerful midfielder got his chance to play at Stamford Bridge against Sporting Lisbon in December.	Paul Pogba is a player Chelsea are looking at but would cost # 70million, a cost they could do with avoiding.	'They belong to a process.	I ca n't have 10 of these young players in my squad but I can have three or four and we did that with Loftus-Cheek, Brown, (Andreas) Christensen and (Nathan) Ake - and Solanke a few times.'	In tandem with this quest to nurture their own, Chelsea still cast around the globe and are scrambling to sign 19-year-old Brazilian striker Nathan from Atletico Paranaense and 22-year-old Yoshinori Muto from Tokyo.	When these names were thrown his way, Mourinho shrugged and replied:'I'm not working on that, not at all.	I do n't make offers, I coach players.'	On Nathan, he added:'He's a player that our structure followed, and our structure thinks it's a player with potential for the future.	Chelsea are set to announce the # 4.5 million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan as part of their recruitment.	Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto is another player Chelsea are interested in but Mourinho is not involved.	'If the deal is close, I will try to help him, as I try to help everyone, to become a Chelsea player.	But he's not a player in my squad now, or a player I'm waiting for.	I'm focused just on my job and my team.	My team I love.	My squad I love.	The objective we are fighting for, I love it too.'	His words reinforced the impression that one branch of Chelsea's development arm is busily signing, loaning and selling footballers with a view to economic gain ; making money while hedging its bets in case one of these players turn out to be extra special.	While another branch is focused more closely on producing players who might one day represent the club.	Patrick Bamford is enjoying a very successful loan spells this season could force Mourinho into playing him.	There is cross-over in the middle, of course, with those like Patrick Bamford and Bertrand Traore enjoying very successful loan spells this season and perhaps forcing Mourinho one day soon to consider if they are worth a chance in his squad.	But as the manager has made clear, all these players are fighting for a maximum of'three or four' places in the squad.	It is a daunting task.
It's 11 years since Arsenal won the title.	They went from Invincibles to Incapables.	And you can throw bottlers into that description as well.	Of course Chelsea could implode and hand the title to Arsenal over the next six weeks or so, but that's unlikely.	If it does happen it's a title that's long overdue and nothing can ever take away the barren years when Arsenal and Arsene Wenger were an embarrassment at home and abroad -- specialists in failure.	Those years will always hang heavy around Wenger's neck.	Yes, yes, there's the FA Cup currently sitting there in the trophy cabinet alongside the shiny shield they won in August.	And yes, yes, they are clear favourites to win it again.	An FA Cup is n't the definition of success for the great clubs of Europe.	Only the Wenger apologists ca n't see that.	Olivier Giroud celebrates Arsenal's third goal by Alexis Sanchez in their win over Liverpool on Saturday.	Arsene Wenger's Gunners now have 15 wins from 17 games since New Year's Day, but it's come too late.	So are Gooners seduced by this end of season run they're currently on?	It's impressive, no question.	15 wins in 17 games since their loss New Year's Day.	But this is classic Arsene Wenger is n't it?	After that defeat at Southampton on January 1 the Gunners were sixth in the table, 13 points behind leaders Chelsea.	Wenger and the players felt they had no hope of winning the title, and so they started to play with freedom, and the wins kept coming.	As soon as the pressure is off, Arsene Wenger looks like he can still do it.	But once the pressure is on he crumbles, and his players lose their bottle completely.	Sanchez drills his shot by Emre Can as Arsenal's impressive run continued against Liverpool.	Per Mertesacker ca n't stop this shot from Sadio Mane as they fall 2-0 to Southampton on New Year's Day.	The only two defeats in this current run were the two key games all Arsenal fans desperately wanted to win -- at Tottenham and at home to Monaco in the Champions League: the two games with more pressure on them than any others on this run.	They went to Monaco for the second leg with no pressure on them, everyone thought they were out, and so it proved.	But with the pressure off, Arsenal turned it on.	Arsenal are clearly a lot better than most of the teams they face.	And they are now making the kind of signings they should be making -- marquee players.	So much is in place for real success to come.	But the task for Wenger now is to show some balls, cope better when the pressure is on.	And he and his players need to stop failing in certain games.	Harry Kane celebrates his second strike in the 2-1 win for Tottenham over their North London rivals.	Dimitar Berbatov scores the second of three away goals for Monaco that ruined Arsenal's Europe campaign.	Dodgy results will happen to all sides of course.	But I'm talking about the ones that should have been avoided.	This season for example, if they'd won a game they were winning at Swansea, if they had n't been so desperately pathetic in the first half at Stoke, and if they'd kept the lead at 10-man Liverpool, Arsenal would be top.	Those games and the circumstances of how they dropped points, have stopped Arsenal being serious title contenders this season.	When you analyse it like that, you can understand the frustrations of the Arsenal fans after that Stoke defeat in December.	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain slumps to the ground as Arsenal bow out of the Champions League last 16.	Aaron Ramsey scores in the Gunners' 2-0 win at Monaco as they fell short again when it really counts.	Arsene Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he's still there.	He now needs to make the most of his incredible good fortune and start earning his # 8m a year as the fourth-highest-paid football manager in the world.	Winning games when the pressure is off is something Wenger has proved he can do regularly.	Now he needs to learn how to cope and succeed when the pressure is on.	If he does that, then there really is no reason why Arsenal ca n't win a major trophy, the kind of trophy that defines success for big clubs, and end an embarrassing period of failure for Arsene Wenger.
Celtic have written to the Scottish Football Association in order to gain an'understanding' of the refereeing decisions during their Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Inverness on Sunday.	The Hoops were left outraged by referee Steven McLean's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by Josh Meekings to deny Leigh Griffith's goal-bound shot during the first-half.	Caley Thistle went on to win the game 3-2 after extra-time and denied Rory Delia's men the chance to secure a domestic Treble this season.	Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings.	Celtic's Adam Matthews (right) slides in with a strong challenge on Nick Ross in the Scottish Cup semi-final.	'Given the level of reaction from our supporters and across football, we are duty bound to seek an understanding of what actually happened,' Celtic said in a statement.	They added,'We have not been given any other specific explanation so far and this is simply to understand the circumstances of what went on and why such an obvious error was made.'	However, the Parkhead outfit made a point of congratulating their opponents, who have reached the first-ever Scottish Cup final in their history, describing Caley as a'fantastic club' and saying'reaching the final is a great achievement.'	Celtic had taken the lead in the semi-final through defender Virgil van Dijk's curling free-kick on 18 minutes, but were unable to double that lead thanks to the Meekings controversy.	It allowed Inverness a route back into the game and Celtic had goalkeeper Craig Gordon sent off after the restart for scything down Marley Watkins in the area.	Greg Tansey duly converted the resulting penalty.	Edward Ofere then put Caley Thistle ahead, only for John Guidetti to draw level for the Bhoys.	With the game seemingly heading for penalties, David Raven scored the winner on 117 minutes, breaking thousands of Celtic hearts.	Celtic captain Scott Brown (left) protests to referee Steven McLean but the handball goes unpunished.	Griffiths shows off his acrobatic skills during Celtic's eventual surprise defeat by Inverness.	Celtic pair Aleksandar Tonev (left) and John Guidetti look dejected as their hopes of a domestic treble end.
It was on New Year's Day last year that Juan Mata finally cracked after being substituted by Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho at Southampton.	He had done his utmost not to react and, placid by nature, there was no kicking water bottles, but he was visibly distraught despite the consolatory efforts of Michael Essien behind him.	Fast forward 16 months and there was an altogether different kind of substitution in the 81st minute of last Sunday's Manchester derby.	After scoring and inspiring United to 4-2 win, he received a standing ovation and a pat on the back from Ryan Giggs.	Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata turns away to celebrate after scoring against Manchester City.	Mata had scored United's third goal during the 4-2 victory over their bitter rivals at Old Trafford last week.	Mata looks dejected after being substituted by Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho last year at Stamford Bridge.	Although he had been a popular figure at Chelsea, Mata could not convince Mourinho to keep hold of him.	Louis van Gaal is finally getting the best out of Juan Mata.	In his last five games, the Spaniard has performed better than he ever has in the Premier League:.	Mata is performing at the peak of his powers.	He is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes -- he began the season believing United could win the league this year with no European commitments.	He told Sportsmail last May:'If we take Liverpool as the example there you have a team who have fought all the way to the finish without the Champions League.'	He was mocked for the optimism but if United beat Chelsea at Stamford Bridge they will be only five points behind the leaders.	When David Moyes was manager, he and assistant Phil Neville had scouted Europe for the'Mata-type player' they believed the team needed before it became clear United could get the real thing.	When Louis van Gaal arrived, Mata took one step forward and two back.	The early tinkering often meant he played in his favoured position behind the front two, but the three-man defence experiment undermined everything else the team did and results were poor.	He ended up back where he had been at Chelsea under Mourinho -- on the bench.	Mata missed the football he had played earlier in his career at Valencia and under Andre Villas-Boas at Chelsea.	The free spirit was being shackled and the only consolation was that others felt the same, none more so than Ander Herrera, the player he is closest to at the club.	The two had won an Under 21 European Championship together with Spain where they had enjoyed a freedom of expression now denied them.	Herrera, like Mata, was out of the side.	Mata also missed London.	When I interviewed him in 2012 before the Champions League final he insisted on meeting in a Kings Road cafe because it was where he felt most at home.	Now he was in a mansion in Alderley Edge, south Manchester.	Isolated and not playing.	As United's fortunes changed on the pitch, however, so Mata's season has been saved.	With Michael Carrick now planted in front of a back four, the side has the balance to allow its creative players to thrive.	Mata is not in his favoured No 10 position but he is also comfortable on the right.'	I can come inside on my left foot and see the whole of the pitch in front of me,' he says.	Mata enjoys a close friendship with fellow Untied midfielder and Spain international Ander Herrera (right).	Mata scores the second of his two goals against Liverpool at Anfield this season, a stunning overhead kick.	It is the same left foot Giggs joked about with him when he joined, saying he was glad to see him arrive but unhappy that he no longer possessed the best left peg at Old Trafford.	The relationship with Giggs is healthy, as is the one struck up with Wayne Rooney.	Both were players Mata admired before moving to England.	As well as the bond with Herrera he is close to David de Gea -- all three of them live on the same street.	De Gea is another with whom Mata played in that Under 21 European Championship success in Denmark in 2011.	Having been part of the 2010 World Cup-winning squad, Mata's willingness to step back down to the Under 21s says a lot about his character.	The open letter he wrote to Chelsea fans when he left the club -- against advice that it was not the best way to ingratiate himself with his new supporters -- also spoke volumes.	A Chelsea fan holds a sign to pay tribute to Mata, who earned himself a hero's reputation in west London.	Mata never wanted to leave London but now he loves the countryside surrounding Manchester.	It reminds him of his home in Asturias, and that more than makes up for not being in the capital.	Life there was good under Villas-Boas.	'He trusted me to play and he wants to play attractive, fun and winning football,' he said, revealing a fondness for someone whom Mourinho held in far lower esteem.	Mata never banged on the manager's door when he fell out of favour at Chelsea.	Mourinho never struck him as a man whose mind could be changed.	He has always preferred to do his talking on the pitch.	It has not always been easy but he is back at Chelsea on Saturday and there has never been a better time to make a lasting statement.	Mata gets ready to play a pass during a club training session at the Aon Training Complex on Friday.
They had only one shot at it, with the masked raider wriggling clear of security in the 88th minute and making his way into the penalty area undetected.	This was the second London heist in a week, with the Loftus Road imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of QPR's stunned supporters.	Cesc Fabregas was the diamond when he worked the opening, following the carefully laid out plans of Eden Hazard and substitute Oscar to pull off this unlikely job for Chelsea.	The finish called for precision.	Cesc Fabregas arrives late on to convert Eden Hazard's pass and secure all three points for Chelsea at Loftus Road.	Fabregas celebrates with Branislav Ivanovic after scoring a late goal which was harsh on QPR, but sent Chelsea seven clear.	Jose Mourinho's team are within inches of the silverware -- the Barclays Premier League crown -- after this dramatic game of smash and grab.	Rob Green had been on guard throughout, but the crestfallen Rangers keeper made the mistake that allowed Chelsea to extend their lead at the top of the table again.	You snooze, you lose.	It was an important victory for Mourinho, keeping Arsenal at arm's length by recording their 22nd victory of the season in the Premier League.	'We have been at the top throughout,' he declared.	Nemanja Matic hugs his goalscoring team-mate Fabregas as Joey Barton and Charlie Austin look on dejected at the final whistle.	Charlie Austin lets fly from long range, the best effort for either side in a first half lacking quality in front of goal.	Where they rank among the great teams to win the title, such as the Manchester United vintages (1999 and 2009) or Arsenal's'Invincibles' (2004) -- is of no concern to the Portuguese.	Chelsea's manager has put together a team to win the league, grinding down the opposition until they eventually lift the trophy, probably later this month.	They are relentless, we know that.	Here at Loftus Road they were met with the resistance of their noisy neighbours QPR, surviving the screams and shouts from the stands to stretch their lead over Arsenal to seven points.	Thibaut Courtois made a stunning save to deny Austin, as Chelsea's Belgian goalkeeper kept QPR's forwards at bay.	They will meet at the Emirates on April 26, but Chelsea are equipped to survive the sternest and stiffest tests that domestic competition can throw at them.	Even Arsene Wenger knows a title-winning team when he sees one.	Chelsea had only one shot on target, an improbable statistic for a team that can call upon the dancing feet of Hazard, Willian, substitute Oscar and Fabregas.	Joey Barton (above) was everywhere for QPR, but Ramires (below) failed to have much impact.	CLICK HERE to see more from Match Zone.	QPR: Green 5.5, Isla 6.5 (Dunne 90 mins), Onuoha 7, Caulker 7, Hill 7, Phillips 6.5, Barton 6.5, Sandro 6.5 (Kranjcar 81 6), Henry 6.5, Austin 6.5, Zamora 6.5 (Hoilett 83 5.5).	Subs not used: McCarthy, Mitchell, Grego-Cox, Comley.	Booked: Zamora, Sandro.	Chelsea: Courtois 7.5, Ivanovic 6.5, Cahill 6.5, Terry 7, Azpilicueta 7, Ramires 5 (Oscar 56 6), Matic 6, Willian 6.5 (Cuadrado 80 5.5), Fabregas 6.5 (Zouma 90), Hazard 6, Drogba 6.	Subs not used: Cech, Luis, Mikel, Brown.	Booked: Drogba.	Goal: Fabregas 88.	Referee: Andre Marriner.	Man of the Match: Courtois.	Ratings by Sami Mokbel.	Chelsea were careless in possession, knocked out of their rhythm by the boisterous presence of Karl Henry, Sandro and the bristling figure of Joey Barton strung out across the QPR midfield.	This defeat feels tough on them because anyone who can sedate Nemanja Matic and Ramires over the course of 90 minutes probably deserves a bit more.	The pair were over-run in that Chelsea midfield.	Rangers have found an outlet in the willing, emerging figure of Matt Phillips down their right flank.	They have to use and abuse him to stand a chance of staying up.	Chelsea's Cesar Azpilicueta wins the ball from QPR's in-form winger Matt Phillips as the league leaders attempted to control the game.	He looked to be their one chance of making something happen, a shuttlecock on that halfway line as he flitted in and out of Chelsea's half.	Cesar Azpilicueta will be glad to see the back of him.	So will Gary Cahill, the Chelsea defender who bravely intercepted Phillips's dangerous first-half crosses from that cultured right boot.	Phillips was a menace on that wing.	He had a massive chance to put Rangers in front at the start of the second half, denied by the anticipation of Chelsea keeper Thibaut Courtois when the Belgian moved to his left to turn the shot away for a corner.	Joey Barton battles with Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas, who was wearing a mask after a collision with Charlie Adam against Stoke last week.	When that failed, Rangers went old school, lofting balls into the box in the hope that forwards Bobby Zamora or Charlie Austin would get their head onto one of them.	Even against Chelsea captain John Terry and the commanding presence of Cahill, the agricultural approach almost worked.	Terry was hammered by QPR fans, choking on the abuse from the stands because of his exchange here with their former centre half Anton Ferdinand in October 2011.	Didier Drogba, starting in the absence of Diego Costa and Loic Remy, is tackled by Steven Caulker at Loftus Road.	John Terry, whose every touch was booed by the Loftus Road crowd, wins the ball ahead of Bobby Zamora to clear the danger.	Chelsea's captain has learned to deal with it, but the trip to Loftus Road is possibly as poisonous as it gets for Terry.	He can take his medicine.	Rangers were shooting from anywhere, with Austin's looping effort falling neatly into Courtois' arms from long range and later drawing a stunning save to the keeper's right with another poke from distance.	Even Barton shanked an effort wide of Courtois' goal when he was put clean through after the break.	They gave this a right, old-fashioned go.	Clint Hill puts in a tough tackle on Chelsea's Brazilian winger Willian as QPR battled hard and matched Chelsea in the first half.	Loftus Road was a bear pit, with just under 20,000 Rangers crammed into this stadium to watch them match their west London rivals for blood and guts.	Under manager Chris Ramsey, they have renewed their faith.	Rangers have given themselves a chance of getting out of the mess at the foot of the table after that handsome 4-1 win at West Brom earlier this month, followed by a 3-3 draw with Aston Villa.	There is a noticeable shift in mentality, pulling together as they approach the final five games -- West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester -- of the season.	Three are winnable.	Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck (left) and owner Roman Abramovich share a joke as they watch their team in action at Loftus Road.	The Russian was celebrating his 700th game as Chelsea owner since taking over the west London club in 2003.	Terry has to stretch to stop the ball getting through to Zamora as the hosts created the better chances in the first half.	Gary Cahill stuck tight to Austin as the QPR front two caused plenty of problems with their direct style of play.	Terry clashed with Austin on a number of occasions, in particular when he felt the QPR striker had followed through on Courtois.	Chelsea are masters at this, calling on the pedigree of Hazard, in his 100 appearance in the Premier League, Oscar and the timing of Fabregas to secure this narrow win.	It was their first chance, the only time in this game when they properly opened up the central defensive pairing of Steven Caulker and Nedum Onuoha.	The man in the mask was there to finish the job, scoring in the league for the first time since Chelsea won 2-0 on the road at Stoke on December 22.	'It's like failing a driving test,' admitted QPR's manager.	Here at Loftus Road, Fabregas turned out to be the getaway driver.	A QPR fan shouts abuse at Chelsea's Brazilian midfielder Oscar as the player prepares to take a corner late on.	Buck and Abramovich watch the action unfold at Loftus Road as Chelsea take another step closer to the Premier League title.
Stars of women's tennis put on their glad rags to attend the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis opening ceremony in Stuttgart on Monday.	Defending champion Maria Sharapova was joined by players including Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber ahead of their opening matches at the clay court tournament.	The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena accompanied by a group of school children.	Ana Ivanovic (L-R), Sabine Lisicki, Angelique Kerber, Caroline Wozniacki and Maria Sharapova strike a pose.	Ivanovic speaks to Wozniacki (right) during the opening ceremony of the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis event.	The women's tennis stars wave to the crowd ahead of their games at the clay court tournament in Stuttgart.	World No 1 Serena Williams was the the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season after struggling to beat Sara Errani as the USA crashed out of the Fed Cup to Italy last week.	'I'm totally not as ready for the claycourt season as I thought I was.	Now I'm in the mindset of,'You know what, I'm not on hard court.'	I'm playing like I'm on hard court and I'm not,' said Williams afterwards.	'So I have to play and be ready to hit a thousand shots if necessary.'	Meanwhile, the Stuttgart event could decide who is ranked second in the world with Simona Halep close to overtaking Sharapova in the WTA list.	The Russian needs to reach the semi finals at least to retain her current ranking while Halep will move up a spot if she can better the No 1 seed's progress.	Ivanovic is escorted by a young mascot onto the court at the Porsche Arena.	Sharapova (right) is top seed at the event she has won for the last three consecutive years.	Local favourite Lisicki waves to the crowd as she takes the court with a young Germany fan.	Wozniacki speaks to the media before getting her singles campaign underway.	However, Sharapova, who has won the Stuttgart tournament for the last three years, is confident of hold on to her ranking.	'Despite everything, it's always a nice feeling to come back to an event where you've had a really good record.	where you've had some great matches, great memories,' Sharapova told the WTA website.	'Some of the best matches of my career have been played on that court.	But every year you come back to a tournament you start from the very beginning, and that's what I'll be doing this year to try and defend my title.'	Veterans Andre Agassi (left) and Thomas Muster staged an exhibition match before the tournament started.
Jose Mourinho has launched a fresh verbal attack on Arsenal, branding their 11 year wait for the Premier League title as'boring'.	Led by skipper John Terry - whose performance was described as his best ever by Mourinho - the Blues produced a defensive master class in a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium to take a step closer to the championship.	Frustrated at what they perceived as the visitors' lack of attacking intent, home supporters chanted:'Boring, boring Chelsea' throughout Sunday's clash.	Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has hit out at Arsenal and branded their 11-year wait for the title'boring' Didier Drogba posted this picture on Instagram of Branislav Ivanovic, Nemanja Matic, Cesar Azpilicueta, Eden Hazard, John Terry and Cesc Fabregas after the PFA awards.	Chelsea players prepare to attend the PFA awards ceremony after their goalless draw with Arsenal.	Mourinho heaped special praise on to his captain John Terry (left) for his'fantastic' performance on Sunday.	Chelsea forward Eden Hazard (right) prepares to take on Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey (left) on Sunday.	Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger accused Chelsea of being purposefully defensive during the goalless draw.	Leicester (away) - April 29.	Crystal Palace (home) - May 3.	Liverpool (home) - May 10.	West Brom (away) - May 18.	Sunderland (home) - May 24.	Their views were shared by Arsene Wenger, who said Chelsea'came to defend' after the final whistle.	But Mourinho, who started the game without a recognised centre-forward, hit back, insisting Arsenal's 11 years without winning the league is truly mundane.	'Boring, I think, is 10 years without a title.	That's very boring,' said the Portuguese.	'You support the club and you're waiting, waiting, waiting for so many years without a Premier League title, so that's very boring.	'But maybe they were n't singing to us.	Maybe, when you want to win a game and you're at home and you take your No 9 [ Olivier Giroud ] off, maybe the home fans want to see Danny Welbeck and Giroud up front.	Chelsea are 10 points clear of second placed Manchester City at the top of the table with five games to play.	'The boring team is the second team with most goals in the Premier League, the best goal difference.	Only Manchester City have scored more goals than us.	'If you tell the truth, people will fall in love with it.	But you have to tell the truth.	If you say the truth, you will walk in the truth and people will blow kisses at you.'	'So I think we scored a lot of goals and, in a period where we do n't have Diego Costa or Loic Remy and have only one striker, we need to work in a way where he can help ourselves with all the matches we are having.	'We changed a bit our dynamic and we are not scoring so many goals as before.	Mourinho, whose side need five points to secure the title, has n't needed much encouragement in criticising the Gunners since arriving in England in 2004.	He labelled Arsene Wenger a'voyeur' in 2005, before branding the Frenchman a'specialist in failure' last season.	The Special One was much more positive on the performance of his captain at the Emirates Stadium.'	I told John Terry in the dressing room that he made some fantastic performances with me but this was his best,' said Mourinho.	Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez (right) shields the ball from Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas (left).	Fabregas (centre) appeals to the referee Michael Oliver (right) after being shown a yellow card on Sunday.	Hazard (left) tussles for possession with Arsenal midfielder Francis Coquelin (right) at the Emirates Stadium.	Mourinho believes that Terry's performance against Arsenal was the best of the defender's career.	'It was the best JT has ever played.	It was absolutely amazing.	One performance at Highbury, I think in my first season, that was a fantastic performance, too.	'But I think today everything was clean: reading the game, giving cover, the defensive line, interceptions, reading the game so well, interceptions with a pass.	'The team was phenomenal, but John was one step ahead of every other player.'	Midfielder Oscar, who was taken to hospital with suspected concussion after a heavy collision with David Ospina, started the game at centre-forward.	In explaining his decision not to start with a recognised striker, Mourinho, who confirmed Costa and Remy are likely to miss the clash at Leicester, added:'First of all, Drogba did n't work with us until Saturday so we'd developed the game-plan tactically, on the pitch, for the whole week without [ Didier ] Drogba.	'We knew that with Oscar we would get behind them like we did so many times in the first half.	'In the second half we played with a target man [ Drogba ], more on the counter-attack, but every time we recovered the ball on the counter, they made a tactical foul.'	Arsenal defender Per Mertersacker (left) challenges Chelsea striker Didier Drogba (right).
This time there was no man in a Grim Reaper costume waiting for the Manchester United manager behind the dug-out at Goodison Park.	The dark days of ridicule for the Barclays Premier League's most successful club have now gone.	Nevertheless, there was a reminder here for David Moyes's successor at United that the task before him remains vast.	Moyes lost 2-0 here just over a year ago and it transpired to be his last game in charge.	This result for Louis van Gaal was a goal worse, the performance just as disappointing.	James McCarthy finishes past David de Gea to put Everton ahead in just the fifth minute, following a blistering counter-attack.	McCarthy celebrates his strike in front of the Goodison Park crowd as Everton began brightly against Manchester United.	John Stones (second left) watches as Ashley Young can only divert his header into the net via the underside of the crossbar.	Stones celebrates after his superb header had doubled Everton's lead and put Roberto Martinez's side in control before half time.	Kevin Mirallas slots home Everton's third to round off a brilliant display of counter-attacking football, with De Gea well beaten.	Mirallas celebrates scoring to put the result beyond doubt, after United had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku.	The Dutchman's biggest defeat as United manager, this setback has arrived just when the optimists were beginning to talk as though the repair job at Old Trafford was complete.	There has been talk of a title challenge for next season and hope that United would once more finish above Manchester City this time round.	Consistency remains an issue for United, however, and last week's rather unjust defeat at Chelsea has now been followed by a failure that was altogether more comprehensive.	Louis van Gaal could scarcely believe what he was seeing as his side found themselves well beaten down despite dominating possession.	In the same fixture last season a man dressed as the Grim Reaper sat behind then-United manager David Moyes at Goodison Park.	James McCarthy's goal came from a swift counter-attack after Manchester United had a corner.	CLICK HERE for more from our brilliant Match Zone.	Everton: Howard 7, Coleman 7, Stones 8, Jagielka 8, Baines 7.5, Barry 7, Lennon 8.5, McCarthy 8, Barkley 7 (Naismith 88 mins), Osman 7 (Mirallas 68), Lukaku 7 (Kone 87).	Subs not used: Robles, Besic, Garbutt, Alcaraz.	Goals: McCarthy 5, Stones 35, Mirallas 74.	Manchester Utd: De Gea 5.5, Valencia 5, Smalling 7, McNair 6, Shaw 5.5, Blind 5.5, Mata (Di Maria 63 5) 4.5, Ander Herrera 6.5, Fellaini 5 (Falcao 46 6), Young 5.5, Rooney 5 (van Persie 88).	Subs not used: Januzaj, Valdes, Blackett, Pereira.	Booked: Fellaini, Shaw.	Referee: Andre Marriner.	Ratings by Dominic King - CLICK HERE TO SEE FULL PLAYER RATINGS.	With Liverpool threatening to end the season lamely, United really should finish the season comfortably in the Champions League places, even if the gap between the clubs could be a single point by the time United face West Bromwich on Saturday evening.	Nevertheless, on Sunday there were signs of weakness in this United side that Van Gaal perhaps presumed he had banished.	The renaissance man Marouane Fellaini, for example, was awful and hauled off at half-time.	Juan Mata -- never one to influence a game when his team are struggling -- was replaced by Angel di Maria.	United's left defensive flank, meanwhile, represented a permanently half-open door as Paddy McNair and Luke Shaw struggled to deal with the rather predictable threat from Everton's surging right back Seamus Coleman.	United enjoyed enough possession throughout to get something from the game.	They were porous at the back, though, and were put to the sword by an Everton team who have been anything but ruthless for the previous eight months of the season.	Afterwards, Van Gaal claimed his staff had identified complacency during the warm-up.	If that is true then maybe the United manager should have said something in his pre-match address to halt it.	Regardless, his suggestion that his team lost three individual duels in the build-up to the first goal was telling and James McCarthy's strike illustrated how the afternoon was to play out for both sides.	It came in only the fifth minute and set the tone.	England midfielder Ross Barkley tracks Manchester United's Spain international Juan Mata as the visitors dominated possesion.	Daley Blind (right) and Paddy McNair both pulled out of a tackle inside their own box, to allow McCarthy in to score.	Roberto Martinez celebrates as his side take the lead, thanks to McCarthy's calm finish, with an enthusiastic fist pump.	Marouane Fellaini clatters into the back of Gareth Barry as he endured a difficult return to Goodison Park on Sunday afternoon.	Fellaini was booked early on, as well as blazing an excellent chance over the bar, against the team he represented for five seasons.	United had begun reasonably well.	They passed the ball well at Chelsea last weekend and began this game in a similar groove.	As soon as the ball broke loose 10 yards inside the Everton half, though, it seemed as though United were already in trouble.	Seeing green grass ahead of him, McCarthy strode forward to feed Coleman to his right.	The Everton defender tried to find Romelu Lukaku breaking through the centre but it was when the ball broke from a red shirt that United really failed.	McCarthy, following up the move he had started, was first to the loose ball but still had much to do.	His first touch was not perfect but the attempts to halt his progress from McNair and Daley Blind were weak and McCarthy was able to break through and score from just six yards.	From an Everton point of view, it was a superb, counter-attacking goal.	It should have been stopped at source, though, and United's attempts to gain parity over the next 30 minutes similarly lacked conviction.	Blind could have scored with a shot from the edge of the area and so could Fellaini, while Chris Smalling headed a Mata free-kick straight at Tim Howard.	With so much of the game still to run, there was no sense of panic from United.	The next goal was always likely to be crucial, however, and once Everton scored it 10 minutes before half-time the road back already looked too long for Van Gaal's team.	England defender Stones was left almost entirely unmarked, and got up higher than Antonio Valencia or Marouane Fellaini to score.	Young, stationed on the line, did his best to head the ball away, while David de Gea could only watch on helpless as it ended up in the net.	Once again the danger started down Everton's right.	On this occasion the United defence cleared for a corner but when Baines delivered, John Stones arrived to head his first Everton goal.	Two ahead now, Everton were truly in command for the first time.	Van Gaal responded at the break by benching Fellaini -- who had been booked -- and sending on Radamel Falcao.	Once again, United enjoyed possession.	Wayne Rooney was denied by Howard as he shot on the turn following a corner in the 47th minute but at the other end Shaw had to be quick to stop the breaking Ross Barkley.	De Gea looks exasperated after seeing his side fall further behind, as he could not repeat his heroics against Everton from earlier in the season.	Fellaini, who was replaced at half time, prepares to kick off after Everton's second goal, as Wayne Rooney looks on dejected.	Radamel Falcao came on at half time for Fellaini, but was unable to have much of an impact as United continued to struggle for penetration.	Luke Shaw slides in hard on Ross Barkley but it was the Everton man who came out on top in the battle between the England starlets.	Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata look to break down the Everton defence but without joy as Gareth Barry and Leon Osman close them down.	Phil Jagielka slides in brilliantly to stop Rooney's progress as Everton limited United's chances while capitalising on the break.	EVERTON.	Aston Villa (away) - May 2.	Sunderland (home) - May 9.	West Ham (away) - May 16.	Tottenham (home) - May 24.	MANCHESTER UNITED.	West Brom (home) - May 2.	Crystal Palace (away) - May 9.	Arsenal (home) - May 17.	Hull (away) - May 24.	Barkley was, in truth, having a mixed afternoon.	Eventually, however, the 21-year-old got it right, playing the ball smartly over the top towards substitute Kevin Mirallas with 16 minutes left.	Lukaku, breaking through the middle, looked yards offside and probably was.	However, the ball had been played in the direction of Mirallas, and as the United defence looked for a flag, the Belgian eased clear to beat David de Gea comfortably and intelligently with his right instep.	In the visiting dug-out, Van Gaal was already preparing his fiercest post-match shellacking of the season.	He now has six days to elicit a reaction.	Ashley Young is forced to wrestle Everton's on-loan winger Aaron Lennon, who put in another excellent display, to the floor.	Mirallas slots home to finish off United with a cool finish after the visiting defence had completely switched off.	It was a difficult day for England captain Rooney, who was replaced late on after appearing to be injured, against his former club.	Falcao managed to find the net late on, slotting past Tim Howard, but the whistle had long gone with the Colombian comfortably offside.
The president of the MGM Grand is making a solemn promise to the hundreds of thousands of party-goers already flocking to Las Vegas for Saturday's Fight of the Century.	'They have my guarantee we will not run out of beer this weekend,' says Scott Sibella.	That is a reference to how Ricky Hatton's trans-Atlantic army of 30,000 fans drank the Strip dry when he fought Floyd Mayweather eight years ago.	With 10 times that number expected to descend on this oasis in the Nevada desert -- just so they can say' I was there' on the night Mayweather finally fights Manny Pacquiao -- the MGM food and beverage department are taking no chances.	The MGM Grand is getting ready to host Floyd Mayweather's showdown with Manny Pacquiao.	The hotel resort on the Las Vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night.	Advertisements for the fight on Saturday night are all over the MGM Grand hotel ahead of the contest.	The MGM Grand expect 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's fight.	1993 - Year opened.	280ft - height of the four 30-storey towers.	2,500 - slot machines and video poker.	7,000 - Rooms and suites.	9,000 - employees work at the hotel.	16,000 - Garden Arena capacity.	100,000 - people expected for the event.	170,000 - Square feet of gaming.	A convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of Budweiser, Miller Lite, Corona and Tecate, who are paying more than $5million (# 3.3 m) to be one of the fight's sponsors.	Many early arrivals are busy now stock-piling cases of their preferred foaming nectar in their rooms at the hotel, which will cost them $1,600 (# 1,057) a night come Friday and Saturday.	Even at those prices, they are the lucky ones.	The majority of rooms on the Strip are reserved for proven high-rollers with track records of seven-figure gambling.	Sibella says:'We are taking care of major clients from all over the world.'	Many late-comers are being reduced to renting out not only rooms in private houses but the caravans parked in those gardens.	Sibella expects 50,000 people to set foot in the MGM each day for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event itself, in addition to the near 14,000 occupants of the 7,000 rooms and suites.	Merchandise for the fight on sale at the MGM Grand with just days to go before the blockbuster event.	A hotel guest looks at a display of title belts belonging to the unbeaten American Mayweather.	The hotel is putting the finishing touches on it's preparations for the biggest event in Las Vegas history.	Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao?	Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao?	Now share your opinion.	A hundred thousand hot dogs will be sizzling in readiness in and around the Grand Garden Arena.	All this is only the surface of the liquid lake and the tip of the food mountain which will be drunk and devoured at the MGM Grand and the group's 13 other hotel-casinos on the Strip.	In its comparatively new incarnation as a holiday resort destination rather than just a gambling mecca, Vegas now generates even more revenue from such sources as accommodation, restaurants, bars and shows than it does from betting.	Sibella says:'At an event like this we want to maximise all our non-gaming revenue.'	Nevertheless, the casino drop is expected to at least double the record take at the tables which has been set on New Year's Eve and equalled for Mike Tyson's biggest fights.	Projections for the economic impact on the Vegas economy have been revised upwards from an initial $400m (# 265m) to well over a billion dollars.	This is the fun part of a military scale operation for putting on the mega-rich fight for which the world of boxing and beyond has been waiting for five years.	The MGM has an army of 9,000 employees, almost two to every three hotel guests.	Many are engaged in security and this is where it gets serious.	Mayweather's fight against Pacquiao will take place at the MGM Grand's 16,000-capacity Garden Arena.	Fewer than a thousand tickets went on sale to the public with the rest to be distributed privately.	As well as being a hotel, the MGM Grand is a world-famous resort with casinos and entertainment.	It is a complex task playing host to what will be the biggest single event in Las Vegas history but ask Sibella for his greatest concern and he says:'The safety of all these people.'	Fights this big bring special risks.	There will be a melting pot of thousands of Mayweather's fellow American rappers and almost as many Filipino immigrants supporting Pacquiao.	But it is not the cultural mix which worries the hosts.	A number of fight nights at the Grand Garden have ended in pushing, shoving and near-crushing among the crowds as they tried to leave.	Fortunately there have been no fatalities but after Mayweather's most recent fight here, against Marcos Maidana, a number of injured had to be stretchered away for hospital treatment.	After'the last stampede,' as Sibella describes it, he called summit meetings to devise a new strategy for crowd control.	A Grand King Room, which on Monday was being sold on the website for over $1,800 for the night of the fight.	The MGM resort has a golf course along with restaurants and casinos as part of it's entertainment experience.	Gambling is a huge source of revenue for most Las Vegas hotels, including the MGM Grand.	The two roots of the problem were the single exit route from the arena and the thousands without tickets still waiting outside, lining those hallways in hope of glimpsing the rich and famous.	Resorts here like to steer the foot traffic through the casino floors but Sibella is putting safety first.	Although the gaming areas are required by law to be open for free entrance, movement beyond the tables to the concourses leading to the arena will be restricted to fight ticket-holders and those with restaurant or bar reservations.	'The problem has not so much been the spectators leaving as the people-watchers blocking their movement,' says Sibella.	'We are now working on opening up more exit routes.'	Furthermore, this Saturday, the rubber-neckers will be kept at a distance.	They will be further discouraged by the celebrities -- sports stars and Hollywood royalty among them - using a private, guarded entrance out of eyesight of the throng.	Metal detectors have been obligatory since Tyson's infamous ear-biting fight against Evander Holyfield spilled out into a riot on the main casino floor, with reports of gunfire and sightings of at least one cop drawing his weapon.	Mayweather's last 10 fights have all taken place at the MGM Grand, including two against Marcos Maidana.	The unbeaten American beat Ricky Hatton at the MGM Grand in December 2007.	Hatton was also on the end of another devastating defeat by Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in May 2009.	Sibella says:'Like Floyd and Manny, we need a perfect game plan.'	More than 50,000 of the out-of-towners will be syphoned away from the arena hot-spot to watch closed-circuit TV transmission on giant screens located in all the MGM properties.	Even that facility for viewing the richest fight ever will cost $150 (# 99) a ticket.	For the first time in ring history there will be a charge for admission to the weigh-in -- at the arena on Friday -- to facilitate crowd control for that event.	Proceeds -- at $10 a head -- will go to charities nominated by Mayweather and Pacquiao.	Come Saturday, MGM corporate security, the Las Vegas police and Nevada State Troopers will make a co-ordinated effort not only to deter crime but to keep the flow of people and traffic moving through the hotel and casino and out along the Strip.	Mayweather beat Oscar De La Hoya at the MGM Grand in 2007 in a fight that set pay-per-view records.	Those travelling by limousines and taxis will be urged to disembark and embark quickly at extra drop-off and pick-up points.	Tyson's fights often degenerated into crowd chaos but Sibella expects Mayweather and Pacquiao to play their part in ensuring a peaceful as well as atmospheric occasion.	He says:'The styles of Floyd and Manny should combine to produce a fight which lives up to all the hype.	If it's the great fight I expect, it will help create the happy night we all want.'	Just for the record, most of we lucky 1,500 journalists out of 18,000 applicants for media accreditation are working this week in a marquee erected on a car park adjacent to the arena.	No beer or any other alcohol allowed.
On paper Chelsea's team sheet looked like an insult, one for the anti-football brigade to get their beaks into after Jose Mourinho went without an orthodox striker.	When reality bites, even his biggest detractors must concede that Mourinho's decision to leave Didier Drogba on the bench until the start of the second half was another tactical masterclass.	Chelsea's manager is staying true to the game -- his game -- because the end result will be a fourth Barclays Premier League title for this football club.	Chelsea's Jose Mourinho gestures on the sideline after going into the game against Arsenal without a striker.	Oscar was part of a front three who interchanged roles during the first half to great effect for their boss.	At times you are left wondering what Eden Hazard, Willian and Oscar make of it all when Mourinho starts working on team shape six days before a clash with Arsenal.	This trio have an element of fantasy about their game, with those delightful touches around the corner and the clever wall passes that they can play at will.	The master simply wants results.	To start without a striker, to ignore the collective groans around the country by starting Willian in a deeply withdrawn role behind Hazard and Oscar, was a statement of intent.	Mourinho was forced into it, of sorts, because he has been deprived of Diego Costa and Loic Remy in recent weeks, and his warrior Drogba could not train all week.	Even so, you would not put it past Mourinho -- who pulled a similar stunt by playing Andre Schurrle as a false nine at Manchester United last season -- to have done it anyway.	When it comes to work-rate, discipline and desire, no-one can accuse these players of cheating.	Everyone has a job to do in this team.	Chelsea mastermind Mourinho surveys the pitch before kick-off having plotted out his game plans.	Eden Hazard leads a trio with Willian and Oscar that has fantasy about their play but Mourinho wants function.	Strikers Loic Remy (left) and Diego Costa are both working their way back to fitness with leg injuries.	To watch Hazard, the PFA player of the year, Oscar and Willian sacrifice their A-game for the greater good of the team demonstrates a unique commitment to Mourinho's methods.	They have bought in.	What happened to the style, the swagger and the pomp about the team who won so handsomely at Swansea, putting five past Garry Monk's side without reply at the Liberty Stadium on January 17?	They traded it for Mourinho's tactics, using the extra time during the week following their Champions League elimination against Paris Saint-Germain for match-specific preparation.	With only one game a week since Chelsea went out on away goals on March 11, Mourinho has used the time on the training field to prepare for Premier League matches as a one-off.	But Didier Drogba was available to Mourinho and he only used the Ivorian when Oscar went off injured.	There is no question who had the upper hand in the managerial tactical battle, and it was n't Wenger.	Willian was exceptional for his manager, pestering the Arsenal midfield when the Blues were without the ball.	Ramires comes close after a ball into the box from Willian but is thwarted by Arsenal keeper David Ospina.	Against Manchester United he deliberately conceded possession, suffocating Marouane Fellaini and waited to hit Louis van Gaal's team on the break.	They won 1-0, even if it was far from pretty.	Here at the Emirates, against a team with eight successive wins in the Premier League, he bewildered their defence by allowing his front three to rotate.	Willian was exceptional as he flitted across Arsenal's back line and pestered Santi Cazorla and Francis Coquelin when he wanted to win back the ball.	The Brazilian forward engineered Chelsea's best chance, a clever angled ball in the first half that found the feet of Ramires running into the box.	Arsenal keeper David Ospina saved well.	This was perfectly disciplined, if uncomfortable to watch at times as Mourinho looked on approvingly from the sidelines.	When he was forced into a change at the break because Oscar had been ferried to hospital with suspected concussion following his collision with Ospina, he turned to the experience of Drogba.	Oscar soars high in pursuit of the ball as Ospina comes out quickly to intercept.	The pair clashed with Ospina considered lucky to be on the pitch after viewing the replays.	Oscar was substituted at half-time having not recovered from the blow with Ospina.	At the age of 37 he served his team-mates well in the second half, chasing 60 yards towards his own goal at one point to stop the forward run of Nacho Monreal down the left.	Towards the end of the second half, as this game gravitated towards its inevitable conclusion, Chelsea relied on their captain John Terry's leadership skills to see it home.	A year ago this team was experimental, with various formations on trial as Mourinho assembled his next title-winning team.	Here at the Emirates, it has finally taken shape.
You'd have thought the celebrations would've stopped but the New England Patriots are still reveling in February's Super Bowl XLIX win as they visited the White House to receive congratulations from President Barack Obama.	But there was one notable absence from the Patriots squad who visited on Thursday, with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen.	However, a spokesman for the Patriots said'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady did n't attend the visit.	Scroll down for video.	President Barack Obama (centre) welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday.	Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX in February and were congratulated by Obama.	But there was one notable absence with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen at the White House.	The Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win the NFL Super Bowl in Glendale, Arizona with Brady named as MVP for the third time in his fourth Super Bowl victory.	Although Brady was n't able to visit the White House with his team-mates, he'll be fondly remembered for his performance in the Patriots' Super Bowl win.	He joins the likes of Joe Montana and Terry Bradshaw on four rings, and is now the all-time leader with 12 Super Bowl touchdown passes and completions on 37.	It was also his record sixth appearance in the NFL's seasonal showpiece.	A spokesman for the Patriots said'prior family commitments' was the reason why Brady did n't attend the visit.	The 30 year-old (middle) has met Obama (right) before back in 2005 when the president was a US Senator.	Obama receives a Patriots team jersey beside head coach Bill Belichick (left) and owner Robert Kraft (right).	The president holds a football presented to him during the White House visit which honored the Patriots.	Brady wo n't be kicking himself too hard, however, as he has been to the White House before with three other Super Bowl victories under his belt.	Despite earlier's announcement regarding Brady's absence, it's not clear what his prior commitment was.	And Brady's team-mates were n't missing him much as they enjoyed a wander around the White House.	Obama looked as if he enjoyed himself, too.	Kraft gives a signed helmet to Obama during the visit to the White House.	Obama and Kraft were seen laughing on Thursday as the Patriots enjoyed their visit to meet the president.
Watford dramatically clinched promotion to the Premier League on Saturday on a typically manic afternoon in the Championship - and insist they're well-equipped to stay in the top flight.	Slavisa Jokanovic's men beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium in the early kick-off and were hoping that Middlesbrough lost plus Norwich failing to win.	Both those results came in during a sensational final five minutes, with Fulham beating Aitor Karanka's Boro 4-3 in stoppage time after Rotherham had equalised against Norwich moments before.	Watford have secured promotion back to the Premier League after their 2-0 win away at Brighton.	As results from the other games come through, players celebrate wildly on the team-bus.	Players can be seen screaming, shouting and singing as Middlesbrough and Norwich both dropped points.	Watford will now return to the Premier League for the first time since the 2006-07 campaign.	Defender Tommie Hoban has called the club's promotion an'unbelievable achievement' Watford had won at Brighton and were travelling back home on the team coach when news filtered through on that they had won promotion three hours afterwards.	Players and staff erupted on the bus when Ross McCormack scored a 94th-minute winner for Fulham at Craven Cottage.	The squad uploaded numerous videos on the internet in the immediate aftermath, with Tommie Hoban labelling it an'unbelievable achievement'.	'For Middlesbrough to lose like this - it's a magical division.	There is no other league like it,' Hoban said.	'Luckily we'd just got into the training ground as Rotherham scored.	It is the best day ever, it has n't sunk in yet.'	I think we can definitely stay up - we have a stronger squad than a few of those teams in the Premier League and will add in the summer.'	Watford forward Troy Deeney celebrates after scoring the opening goal against Brighton on Saturday.	Twenty-goal striker Odion Ighalo added:'It is dream to play in the Premier League.	'It was very tense because we were waiting and listening.	We're in good spirits now.	This is what I came to England for, to play in the Premier League.	'We can stay in the Premier League.	We are very calm.	It's not going to be easy but the way we are playing now... I think we can stay there.'	It ends Watford's eight-year absence from the top flight after suffering relegation back in 2007.	The squad were out partying in the town last night.	Troy Deeney opened the scoring at Brighton before a stoppage-time Matej Vydra goal sealed the points.	Middlesbrough's capitulation at Craven Cottage also means Bournemouth will effectively earn promotion should they beat Bolton tomorrow by virtue of superior goal difference.	The Watford players celebrate at full-time as they secure a return to English football's top-flight.
Host commentator.	Wow.	Real Madrid have n't got going tonight (I was about to write a post about how Barcelona were 5-0 up at this point) but James Rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring.	The ball bounces up to the Colombian who unleashes a stunning left-footed volley, dipping over the goalkeeper and into the top corner at some speed.	That was very World Cup-esque, if you do n't mind me saying.	39mins: As bad as Real have been, credit must go to Almeria.	Their work rate has been exceptional while they are passing and moving, not exactly looking like a side who are sitting just above the relegation zone.	They have completed 184 passes so far today, which is a decent stat given it's not even half time yet.	31mins: But still, it's the visitors who are getting in behind more than Real.	There are a few whistles in the crowd, and that's about the only atmosphere there is at this point.	Things may get better now though, it's Ronaldo time again with the dead ball... but oh dear.	That sums it all up, a limp effort rises way over the crossbar.	27mins: Uh oh.	Free-kick time.	James is clipped from 30 yards out and Ronaldo is licking his lips.	Can he spark this game into life?	Nearly!	A swerving effort from left to right, the keeper is beaten but the ball does n't quite dip in time and lands on the roof of the net.	24mins: Again, nice play from Almeria!	Thomas, on loan from Atletico, shows his skills down the right before cutting the ball back for Corona, who fluffs his lines.	Definitely a half chance for the visitors.	Real need to wake up.	19mins: Considering the pace Barcelona were playing at last night this is pretty, er... slow.	Real have n't found their rhythm yet while Almeria are just letting them pass from side to side.	15mins: Few more shots for the visitors, but they're both from around 25 yards and Keylor Navas wo n't be worried by those.	Still, they're getting forward while leaving enough men back to fend against what could be a devastating counter attack.	12mins: Better from Almeria.	They've won two out of their last three and are trying to bring some of that confidence into this one.	Some sloppy passing from Illarramendi almost leads to a chance, as top scorer Hemed looks to get on the end of a cross.	7mins: Three shots already for the hosts, with Ronaldo having the latest two.	No goals?	Come on Cristiano!	First, he runs at the Almeria defence but his left-footed strike is straight at the keeper who flicks it behind - and then from the resulting corner he rises highest but that's ballooned over the bar.	3mins: Almeria have quite a bit of the ball early on but unsurprisingly it's Real who almost force the opening.	Javier Hernandez gets space down the left flank and his first time ball is just inches away from Cristiano Ronaldo at the back post.	Soon after James meets Arbeloa's drilled cross from the right, but the goalkeeper can watch that one wide.	Ominous signs for the visitors with all this space early on though... Away we go!	Real Madrid kicking from left to right in the first half.	The sun is shining at the Bernabeu, where Odegaard came out prior to kick-off to take a picture.	Cute.	Minutes until kick-off now, Madrid will be hoping to follow Barca's lead and turn on the style too.	Both sets of players wearing'Todos Con Nepal' t-shirts in support of the victims of the Nepal earthquake, and there will also be a minute's silence.	Under the terms set out by Manchester United when they loaned the 26-year-old to Madrid, Thursday April 30 marks the end of the Spanish club's'exclusivity period' to buy the player.	So, will he impress tonight?	Real Madrid have scored 21 goals in their last four games against Almeria, including an 8-1 victory at the Bernabeu two years ago.	Carlo Ancelotti has made nine changes tonight with Iker Casillas, Dani Carvajal, Sergio Ramos, Marcelo dropping out, though there is still place for Cristiano Ronaldo and Javier Hernandez.	And on that note... Real Madrid: Navas, Arbeloa, Pepe, Varane, Coentrao, Kroos, Illarramendi, Rodriguez, Ronaldo, Jese, Hernandez.	Subs: Casillas, Marcelo, Nacho, Lucas Silva, Isco, Odegaard, Mayoral.	Almeria: Ruben, Ximo, Trujillo, Mauro, Mane, Verza, Thomas, Corona, Dubarbier, Hemed, Edgar.	Subs: Julian, Casado, Jonathan, Sanchez, Espinosa, Marin, Azeez.	Referee: Ignacio Iglesias Villanueva.	It may only be a home clash against lowly Almeria, but tonight could be the biggest night of a 16-year-old's life.	Norwegian wonderkid Martin Odegaard has been named on the bench for this evening's La Liga game and may make his debut.	Before that though, there is the small matter of Real closing the gap on archrivals Barcelona.	Team news coming up.	Pressure is on Real Madrid as they aim to narrow the five-point gap Barcelona have opened up at the top of La Liga.	Barca hammered Getafe 6-0 on Tuesday to extend their lead at the La Liga summit, but Madrid will hope to reel in their rivals with victory over a struggling Almeria team.	Carlo Ancelotti has named Martin Odegaard on the Madrd bench, with the 16-year-old set to make his club debut at the Bernabeu, so follow Sportsmail's coverage of all the action here.
The suspected killer of a teenage CBBC star confessed to his girlfriend before fleeing to Nigeria on his brother's passport, a court has heard.	Jeffrey Okafor, 24, of East Dulwich, south east London, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death outside a nightclub in the summer of 2009.	The 19-year-old victim, known as DJ Charmz, had been leaving the Club Life Nightclub in Vauxhall's Goding Street, in London, with a group of friends after performing a set when a group of men approached them, the court heard.	Carl Beatson Asiedu (left) was stabbed to death outside a nightclub by Jeffrey Okafor (right) who then fled to Nigeria on his brother's passport.	Opening the trial, Sarah Whitehouse QC, prosecuting, told Woolwich Crown Court that three people had been specifically targeted in the attack including Mr Beatson-Asiedu, a Francis Xavier College student who appeared in CBBC spy show MI High.	Peter Lama, also 19, was stabbed in the buttock by Okafor's friend Abu Mansaray while Jermaine Coker was chased by Junior Ademujimi-Falade but escaped.	Mr Lama managed to return to the club, where bouncers locked the doors and called the police.	Minutes later, Mr Beatson Asiedu was seen staggering along Goding Street before collapsing in the road.	His friends bundled him into the back of a car and rang for an ambulance, but police stopped the speeding vehicle as they struggled to find St Thomas' Hospital.	He was pronounced dead at 5.36 am, with a post-mortem examination concluding that he had died from a single stab-wound to his heart.	Ms Whitehouse said:'Carl Beatson was n't so fortunate.'	'The prosecution say that Jeffrey Okafor was the person who drew a knife, stabbed him and killed him.'	Okafor, who had no connection with his alleged victim, had been at the club with Ademujimi-Falade and another friend Bolaji Kako-Are.	Ms Whitehouse continued:'Junior Flade and Bolaji Kako-Are had also attended Francis Xavier College - the same college as Carl Beatson and Peter Lama.	The 19-year-old victim had been leaving the Club Life Nightclub in Vauxhall's Goding Street, in London, with a group of friends after performing a set when a group of men approached them, the court heard.	'It seems there had been trouble between the two groups in the past.	In particular, the other group had targeted Carl Beatson at school and had threatened to hit him.	'However, the two groups had often seen each other at parties since then and, although they did not mix, there had been no further trouble.	'It is not clear, and will probably never be known what led up to this killing of Carl Beatson.	'You might hear that there was some ill feeling between some members of the two groups but there's nothing serious enough in the background to explain why knives should be drawn.'	She added that Okafor had been part of a larger group which set upon the victim's smaller group at around 5am.	As well as appearing in the CBBC show, Mr Beatson-Asiedu had also helped to form a music group called Kidnplay and was known as Charmz.	As well as appearing in the CBBC show, Mr Beatson-Asiedu had also helped to form a music group called Kidnplay and was known as DJ Charmz.	The musician, whose group was often booked to play at nightclubs in London and Leicester, performed with his friend at the club that night at an event called Summer Vibz.	After their performance, they stayed and had some drinks, but Ms Whitehouse told the jury that the victim had very little alcohol and said it does not appear that drink played any part in the violence that was to unfold when they left the club.	Mr Beatson-Asiedu was attacked after leaving the nightspot.	Efforts to revive him were unsuccessful and he was pronounced dead at the scene, the court heard.	A pathologist concluded that the cause of death was a single stab wound to the front of the chest.	Shortly after the stabbing, Ofakor confessed to his girlfriend before he fled the country on his brother's passport and would remain in Nigeria for five years.	'After the attack, Jeffrey Okafor actually confessed to a girlfriend that he had stabbed Carl Beatson,' Ms Whitehouse said.	Within about an hour of the attack, he phoned a girlfriend and told her he had been involved in a'madness', the court heard.	A few days after the attack, Osakor allegedly told his girlfriend that he had stabbed Charmz in the stomach and gave her a pair of black gloves asking her to look after them.	Ms Whitehouse said those gloves were passed to police and DNA which may have come from the victim is on one of the gloves.	The defendant also phoned and asked the woman to put a t-shirt'into a plastic bag and put it into a bin in the road', the jury heard.	Later that day, when he returned home, Okafor seemed agitated and said'I'm going down' and'The Feds are going to be on to me', Ms Whitehouse told the court.	'Okafor then fled from the country, travelling to Nigeria using his brother's passport.	After five years on the run in Nigeria Ofakor is now standing trial at Woolwich Crown Court where he denies one count of murder.	'It was not until the end of last year that it was possible for him to be extradited to this country and face his crime.	On August 13 police went to his home address, planning to arrest him and to search the house for any evidence relating to the murder.	Ms Whitehouse said he laid low for a time and then early on August 17 2009 he took a flight from Heathrow Airport to Lagos, using his brother's passport, the court heard.	He was finally arrested on 23 September last year in Asaba, the capital of Nigeria's Delta State, after being on the run and was then extradited to the UK in November.	Today he is finally standing trial.	Okafor, who has a beard and wore a red checked shirt and glasses, looked emotionless as he listened to the proceedings.	He denies murder.	The trial was adjourned until tomorrow morning.	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Oldham Athletic have signed Ronaldo.	But fans of Manchester United fear not - the League One club have not snaffled their old boy from the mighty Real Madrid.	The man in question is 16-year-old Ronaldo Brown who has joined the Latics after being released by Liverpool.	Like his namesake, the teenager has explosive pace and plays on the wing.	Ronaldo Brown (left), pictured on tour of the Nou Camp in Barcelona, has signed for Oldham Athletic.	The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo, who is pictured scoring in the 2002 World Cup.	But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.	Football-mad mum Denise, 38, chose the name because of her love of the Brazil side - and added that Ronaldo has a twin brother called Rivaldo.	Denise, from Fallowfield, Manchester, explained:' I love football and the boys were born in 1998 - the year of the World Cup.	I liked the Brazil side so I named them after Ronaldo and Rivaldo.	'They also have a younger sister called Trezeguet after the French player (David).'	Long-suffering Oldham fans, whose team has remained in League One for 18 years, can look forward to one day seeing Ronaldo strutting his stuff at Boundary Park.	An Oldham source joked:'With a new stand about to open we thought we would make a marquee signing to mark the occasion.'	Young Brown also has a brother called Rivaldo, after the former Barcelona and AC Milan player.	Oldham's newest signing also has a younger sister called Trezeguet, named after the former French striker.
Nigel Farage today accused the SNP of being'openly racist', blaming Alex Salmond for fuelling resentment.	The Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the'biggest' form of racism in the UK.	H e said Mr Salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that Ukip is called racist.	Scroll down for video.	Nigel Farage, pictured today giving a speech in Harrogate, said the SNP was'openly racist', accusing Alex Salmond (right) of fuelling resentment.	Speaking during a visit to Hartlepool, Mr Farage said:" The biggest racism I have seen in British politics is happening north of the border where some of the anti-english hatred is reaching a truly astonishing level.	'T he SNP are openly racist.	The anti-English hostility and the kind of language that is used about and towards English people is totally extraordinary.	'If my supporters behaved in the way that some of those pro-independence supporters behaved in the referendum I'd have been painted out to be the worst person that had been seen for 70 years in British politics.'	Asked if being anti-English was the same as being racist, Mr Farage said:'When I say that I do n't think we should have an open door to Poland, Latvia and Lithuania I'm accused of being racist and yet when it's the Scots being rude about the English you do n't think it is.	'The fact is Ukip is a non-racist non-sectarian political party and we've got more members of black and ethnic minority standing for us than the Green Party or the Liberal Democrats.	We're an all embracing party.'	Mr Farage addressed supporters at the Grand Hotel, in Hartlepool, as he stepped up his election push in the north of England.	Nigel Farage has said he is'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out.	The Ukip leader said it showed that people in the North East are'particularly tough'.	During a visit to Hartlepool, he said:'The last time I went out in Newcastle was about 18 months ago and I think it was February or March and I think it was completely astonished to see how little clothing people wear in this part of the world.	'There were girls with platform shoes like that, dresses here, blokes in T-shirts and I can only conclude that although we are all from the same country you are particularly tough up here.'	Mr Farage accused the former Scottish first minister of not doing enough to counter the problem.	He said:' I think the one I blame is Alex Salmond.	When I was attacked by a group of thugs in the street in Edinburgh with the most extraordinary anti-English sentiments being shouted, when Salmond was asked whether he condemned that behaviour he did n't.'	I think it is ironic that all the talk about extremism within British politics is pointed towards Ukip when there are others who are far more guilty.'	Asked if Nicola Sturgeon was also to blame, Mr Farage added:'She has n't done anything to stop it, but I have n't heard her say anything to encourage it.'	But SNP MSP Humza Yousaf hit back at the Ukip leader's'politics of fear and intolerance'.	He said:'These disgraceful comments - which are n't just offensive to the SNP, but to the majority of people in Scotland on current polls - show exactly why the people of Scotland reject Ukip.	'Nigel Farage's politics of fear and intolerance have been exposed in this campaign, and he has still not apologised for David Coburn MEP comparing me to a convicted terrorist merely because I am a Muslim.	'The SNP have been clear that we will be a positive voice for people across the UK - and with progressive policies such as ending austerity to invest in public services and our NHS, we can bring real change north and south of the border.	'All Ukip have to offer is nasty rhetoric.'	Mr Farage said both Nicola Sturgeon and Mr Salmond had failed to act to quell resentment between the English and Scots.	Mr Farage also dismissed a claim from Labour's shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna that Ukip is infected with the'virus of racism'.	He said Mr Umunna, who he labelled'the high priest of the liberal metropolitan elite', had made the comment because Labour is'running scared' of Ukip.	Hartlepool, which has been held by Labour since it was formed in 1974, is Ukip's main target seat in the North East at the general election.	In 2010, Ukip took just seven per cent of the vote and Labour's Iain Wright retained the seat with a 5,509 majority.	He replaced Peter Mandelson as the MP in a by-election in 2004 after the Labour grandee stood down to become a European Commissioner.	Mr Farage's hopes for electoral victory in Hartlepool come after the town elected a man dressed as a monkey as its mayor in 2002.	Stuart Drummond stood as'H'Angus the Monkey', Hartlepool United FC's mascot, as a publicity stunt with the slogan,'free bananas for schoolchildren'.	He was re-elected in 2005 and 2009 before voters in the town backed a referendum to scrap the paid post in 2012.	Hartlepool's residents are famously said to have hanged a monkey during the Napoleonic wars because they thought it was a French spy.
The future of Andy Murray's coaching arrangement with Amelie Mauresmo looks shrouded in doubt after he confirmed that they will take a prolonged break from each other after Wimbledon.	Mauresmo, who is expecting a baby in August, will be replaced by Swede Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open and quite possibly after that, depending on how she assesses her priorities.	The 27-year-old Scot, who is in Munich for this week's BMW Open and joined in the 100-year celebrations at the Iphitos Tennis Club on Monday night, parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling.	Andy Murray (centre), Tommy Haas (left) and Roberto Bautista-Agut help to blow out the candles on a cake to celebrate 100 years at the Iphitos Tennis Club in Munich, the venue for this week's BMW Open.	Murray (left) and coach Jonas Bjorkman enjoy the celebrations in Munich on Monday evening.	Murray (left) arrives at the party alongside German sports manager Michael Mronz.	Murray (right) poses for a picture alongside WBO Super Middleweight champion Arthur Abraham.	Murray made it clear that if the responsibilities of parenthood prevent Mauresmo from fulfilling her 26-week commitment, then their relationship may have to go the same way.	'Right now Amelie does all the major competitions but if she does n't want to do loads of time, I do n't find it beneficial if someone just comes in for the major competitions and does n't do any of the training, any of the other events,' Murray said.	The plan is for Mauresmo to work with him up until Wimbledon, although by then she will be in the latter stages of pregnancy.	Murray originally considered Bjorkman as a replacement for Lendl so if their current trial works well, it is likely he will take a more significant role than as an assistant to Mauresmo.	It quickly became clear to Murray that the respected Swede might be used in an increased capacity after Mauresmo told him in February that, eight months after they had formalised their agreement, she was expecting -- initially saying she had'something personal' to tell him.	'I thought, "Something personal to tell you?"	I thought maybe she's pregnant,' Murray said.	'She normally goes to the gym all the time but she did n't train once through Australia.	When she told me, it was a bit of a surprise.	But because she'd pre-warned me I kind of expected it a little bit.'	Murray and Mauresmo look likely to part ways when his coach gives birth later on in the year.	Jonas Bjorkmann (left) will work with Murray until the end of the US Open and then maybe longer.	Mauresmo is not in Munich this week for Murray's first tournament on the clay since he got married.	So far everything with Bjorkman has been satisfactory and he joined them in Barcelona last week at a training camp.	'He's easy going but as a player he was mentally very strong and had a great work ethic,' Murray said.	'I see him as being a good fit personality-wise but you do n't really get the whole package until you're playing matches and there's a bit more pressure and stress.	I would n't imagine it would be too much of a problem for him.'	Although wearing a wedding ring, Murray will be taking it off when he plays.	'I ca n't play with it holding the racket because it gives me blisters,' he said.	After Munich, Murray is playing Masters level events in Madrid and Rome before heading to the French Open in Paris.	Murray trains ahead of the BMW Open in Munich where he looks to pick up some wins on clay.
Neymar published a photograph of himself with his fellow Barcelona attackers on Tuesday night as supporters debated whether this was the greatest forward line in the club's history.	The Brazilian captioned the photo of himself with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi:'Buena victoria chavaleeeeees....	Daleeee!'	The phrase translates:'Great victory lads... come on!'	But the cheeky Brazilian had used the typically Argentine/Uruguayan expression'dale' in reference to his two team-mates.	Luis Suarez, Neymar Jnr and Lionel Messi pose for a picture in the dressing room after dismantling Getafe.	Messi opens the scoring as he beats the keeper with a cheeky Panenka penalty.	Messi celebrates after opening the scoring and setting Barca on their way to a demolition.	Brazilians, Argentines and Uruguayans are not famed for always getting on but Barca's three amigos have clicked like no forward line in the club's history smashing the 100 goal mark reached by Messi, Samuel Eto'o and Thierry Henry in 2009 and they still have a possible eight games to play.	Suarez's record in his last 10 games is nine goals and four assists.	He has also created 20 chances in that time and when he scores Barcelona always win.	He said:'We have to be on our game from the first minute in the remaining matches because we know that every rival between now and the end of the season will be motivated to beat us.	But everyone here from the players to the staff and the supporters are giving everything.	We know we are obliged to win things.'	Former Liverpool striker Suarez hooks a volley into the top corner to score his first of the night.	Messi watches on as he bends an effort into the top corner to score his second and Barcelona's sixth.	Neymar celebrates with Lionel Messi after giving Barcelona a 3-0 lead at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.	It was n't just about Barca's front three.	Xavi was brilliant in the first half until he became Luis Enrique's first substitution.	He was given a huge ovation by home supporters who chanted for the Qatar-bound player to stay.	Luis Enrique said:'Xavi is loved here.	He knows it.	But we have to respect his decision [ to leave at the end of the season ].	He is 35 after all.'	Luis Enrique's name was also chanted and he joked:'It is always the same 150 supporters that do that, I pay them.'	The Barcelona coach was asked for his favourite goal of the six.	'All of them' he said.	'I am struggling to remember any game with so many beautiful goals.'
For talented youth team strikers fighting for their big break in the game, goals really are the best currency to convert into those precious first-team minutes.	And after extraordinary seasons in which they have both smashed the 35-goal mark, Chelsea's teenage strike duo Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke are certainly flush at the moment.	The two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives, enhancing their reputations every time they find the net and boosting their chances of Jose Mourinho handing them some game time once the Premier League title has been secured.	Tammy Abraham scores for Chelsea during their 3-1 FA Youth Cup final first leg win against Manchester City.	Striker Dominic Solanke celebrates after scoring Chelsea's third goal at the Academy Stadium on Monday.	And after the Portuguese manager said his first-team squad had space for'three or four kids' next season, there is every incentive to keep scoring.	The latest victim of their remarkable goalscoring spree was Manchester City in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final on Monday night.	Chelsea will take a commanding 3-1 lead into the second leg at Stamford Bridge after Abraham's double - which took his tally to 36 for the season - was added to late on by Solanke, who has now reached 35.	The Blues have consciously tried to recruit talented young players from the London area and Camberwell-born Abraham, who joined the club in the under eights, is a success story of this policy.	By any standards, he has enjoyed an exceptional season and one that has featured numerous milestones in his development.	Most striking has been the sheer volume of goals for the under 18 team, who finished 10 points clear at the top of the southern section of the Premier League at that age group, and are currently competing in the play-off round.	Abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals.	Solanke (No 9) celebrates with Abraham after the latter's second goal of the night and 36th this season.	Solanke, pictured scoring against City, could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend.	Highlights included back-to-back hat-tricks in away matches with Tottenham (which ended in 4-2 and 6-4 wins), plus four goals during Chelsea's run to success in the UEFA Youth League, the continental competition for under 19 teams.	This campaign has also seen a scoring debut for Chelsea's under 21 side and a first involvement with the England youth set-up.	It has been the kind of scoring sequence where pretty much anything struck seems to fly into the top corner and that was the case for Abraham's first goal against City.	Controlling Charlie Colkett's excellent ball over the top to allow it to run across his body, he sent his shot spearing into the top corner.	It was a moment that drew considerable attention on Twitter.	Little wonder the dreadlocked frontman described'scoring goals as the best feeling ever' in an interview after the match.	His second goal showed the sort of instinct all successful strikers need, positioning himself on the edge of City's six-yard box to hook the ball home after the goalkeeper had blocked an initial header from Izzy Brown.	Abraham (right) poses with team-mates Charly Musonda and Izzy Brown (L-R) after winning the Youth League.	Solanke trains regularly with Chelsea's first-team and made his senior debut against Maribor this season.	Another strength is his ability to play across the forward line, on either flank or as a central targetman.	On Monday, he started on the right, with Solanke as the No 9 and Izzy Brown on the other side.	When asked about it, Abraham showed a studious nature when it comes to watching the game:'Over the years you see how people have to change their positions in games and it's a good thing if you can adapt.'	Solanke is a more familiar name to not only followers of Chelsea but football fans in general.	He has been part of Mourinho's first-team squad all season alongside Brown, 18, and the midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek, 19.	They train daily with the first team and Solanke made his professional debut when he replaced Oscar for the final 20 minutes of a Champions League match with Maribor back in October.	He seems well-suited to the continental stage, as shown by the tournament-best 12 goals he scored as Chelsea became the first English side to lift the Youth League after beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Nyon, Switzerland last week.	Solanke scored in every round in that competition and has now done likewise in the Youth Cup, a competition he won when Chelsea beat Fulham in last season's final.	Abraham acrobatically puts Chelsea 2-1 ahead against Manchester City after Isaac Buckley's equaliser.	Solanke scores Chelsea's second goal in their 3-2 win over Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final.	By his standards, it was a quiet night against City but when his chance came in the closing minutes, he made no mistake and scored a potentially tie-killing third.	With Diego Costa out injured and Loic Remy and Didier Drogba doubtful, there is a chance Solanke will play against Arsenal in the Premier League this weekend.	His performances this season, which has also seen him elevated to England Under 18 standard, mean he is no longer an unknown quantity but any first-team action between now and the close of the campaign will be valuable.	Solanke is calm about his future but certainly not complacent.	He said after the Youth League success:'It's a tough task at Chelsea to get into the first team but you've just got to keep working and see what happens.	'You've got to keep trying to improve and impress and who knows what happens in the future.'	Like Abraham, he is certainly making a compelling case at the moment.
A Celtic treble is gone, but the recriminations, anger and sense of injustice will linger and fester for some time to come.	Cup defeats to Inverness are rarely a tranquil affair.	On a fateful night in Glasgow 15 years ago the Highlanders inflicted the first of their damaging, deeply defeats on Scotland's champions.	They've made a habit of it down the years.	Yet in a re-enactment of the night Caley went ballistic their players celebrated David Raven's late, extra-time strike by sliding joyously on their fronts before a small, delirious support.	David Raven (second right) celebrates with his Inverness team-mates following his extra-time winner.	The celebrations continue on the pitch as Inverness rejoice in reaching the William Hill Scottish Cup final.	They will be back here in greater number for this club's first ever Scottish Cup final against Falkirk -- a former club of manager John Hughes - on May 30 where they will be favourites to triumph.	'That does n't sit nice with me,' said Hughes afterwards.'	I love to be underdogs.	I love to create a siege mentality.'	This dogged, energetic Inverness side -- driven on by their man of the match captain Graeme Shinnie -- perform better as underdogs.	Yet who can dispute they now have an outstanding chance of winning their first major trophy, a mere 21 years since the acrimonious amalgamation which led to their entry to the senior ranks?	Before then comes weeks of uproar.	Days of Celtic anger, finger jabbing and injustice over the standard of officiating here.	Not, it must be said, without justification.	The standard of Scottish refereeing remains an ongoing embarrassment.	Supporters of other clubs believe Celtic have had their share of favourable decisions down the years.	If that's true this was a pretty savage slice of karma.	Virgil Van Dijk (centre) fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute.	A goal to the good via Virgil van Dijk's superb 16th minute free-kick the Parkhead side were denied a clear penalty kick -- followed by an Inverness red card for Josh Meekings - before half-time.	Celtic's Stefan Johansen was deftly played through on goal, his shot parried across goal the face of goal by Inverness keeper Ryan Esson, where Leigh Griffiths seemed certain to score with a swooping header.	The hand of Meekings blocked the ball, yet additional assistant referee Alan Muir - standing five yards away -- failed to see it through the bodies in his way.	With Meekings off and a chance to make it 2-0 from 12 yards this could easily have been the Celtic walkover people expected.	Where Inverness are concerned, we should all know better.	Four times in the last 15 years they have denied their more feted opponents big victories in league and cups at a critical juncture.	Greg Tansey shoots past replacement goalkeeper Lukasz Zaluska to equalise for Inverness.	And the turning point for this latest triumph came in 53 minutes.	In a bitter, unpalatable irony for Celtic supporters it came from a penalty.	And a red card for their keeper Craig Gordon after he upended Marley Watkins as he outstripped Adam Matthews and hared in behind the Celtic defence.	The decision to dismiss the Celtic keeper was correct.	That the officials had gone this one right -- while making such a hash of the first half equivalent -- was of no consolation to Celtic's players and management at time up.	Ronny Deila began a slow, menacing trudge towards the other side of the pitch to confront referee MacLean and his officials.	His captain Scott Brown, making his a little too forcibly, had been dragged away seconds earlier.'	I did n't say so much,' said the Norwegian.'	I just asked if he knew what he had done.	That's it.	He did n't know.	He had n't seen it.'	Virgil van Dijk's post match protestations were strong enough to earn a booking.	Edward O'Fere gave Inverness the lead in the 96th minute despite the attention of Van Dijk.	'Everybody of course gets angry,' added Deila.	'But that's why football is interesting, it's a tough world, that's why it's so hard to get the treble.	It's small details that can make you fail and today it was a small detail that made it hard for us.'	To say so, however, is to overlook a rather large obstacle in Celtic's way ; Inverness.	For Lukasz Zaluska, Craig Gordon's deputy, the task of keeping Greg Tansey's penalty out with his first touch was a tall order.	James Forrest had also been sacrificed in a tactical manoeuvre and suddenly Inverness, with their one man advantage, had the legs and the running.	On a diet of three games a week the champions elect looked tired and leggy, their bench options limited.	With Forrest gone they were neutered.	Who could have predicted that when they began the game with purpose and intent?	Nir Bitton smashed a first time right foot shot off the junction of post and bar in 12 minutes.	Four minutes later they took the lead with a superb strike from van Dijk.	John Guidetti levels matters in the 116th minute with a well-taken free-kick.	Inverness defender Gary Warren was booked for a crude - if vital - foul on Forrest on the edge of the box as the Celtic winger threatened to use his pace to rampage the Inverness support.	Van Dijk took the free kick, curling a magnificent right foot effort into the top left hand corner of off the inside of the post.	On league duty last week Inverness had recovered from the loss of an early goal and so it was here.	In last season's League Cup Final defeat to Aberdeen in Glasgow the team in blue stood accused of being dour and unadventurous.	The same could n't be said here.	Whatever the Celtic injustices, they can hardly deny their opponents played to devastating effect on the break.	They should have been out of the game by half-time.	Celtic had the chances.	Yet their captain Graeme Shinnie had an outstanding game, proving the man of the match.	When the highlanders equalised they were the stronger sharper team.	A weary Celtic clung on slightly for extra-time.	And in 95 minutes it seemed they were broken when Shinnie's cross from the left touchline ricocheted off the knee of Marley Watkins into the path of striker Edward Ofere.	The Nigerian, who had blown a golden opportunity to level in the first half, guided his shot low and true past the outstretched left hand of Zaluska.	Craig Gordon might have made the save.	In every sense Celtic looked weak and vulnerable now.	They were n't out of it completely.	Not yet.	Celtic players stand dejected on the pitch following their 3-2 loss.	In a personal disaster for Inverness stand-in keeper Ryan Esson -- who had enjoyed a fine game beforehand -- allowed a swirling John Guidetti free-kick to bounce over his outstretch hands and into the net for 2-2 12 minutes into extra-time.	Inverness could -- should have had a second penalty when the unconvincing Zaluska clattered his fists into the back of Ofere in 108 minutes.	But they would n't be denied.	With four minutes of extra-time to play.	David Raven, castigated by his manager before extra-time, slammed the ball into the net from an acute angle after more outstanding work by Shinnie, driving into the area and hammering the ball across the face of goal.	'Coming into extra time he was sitting down,' said Hughes in some disgust afterwards.'	I grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and told him to stand up because sitting down is, for me, a sign of weakness in those circumstances.'	Such was the Inverness strength that Celtic were done.	They were gone.	Their upporters drifted away silently, but in the days to come they will have plenty to say.	And for Scotland's referees there will be no avoiding the din.
Two of England's most ambitious and well-resourced academies go head-to-head on Monday night as Manchester City play Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final.	Both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the TV cameras and stake their claim for first-team involvement in the seasons to come.	Ahead of the match at City's Academy Stadium we tell you everything you need to know.	Dominic Solanke (second right) scores for Chelsea against Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final.	WHAT'S THE OCCASION?	It's the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final and it'll take place at City's 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium, in the shadow of the main Etihad Stadium and part of their # 200m Etihad Campus that opened last year.	The match kicks off at 7.45 pm and will be shown live on ITV4.	The second leg takes place next Monday at Stamford Bridge.	HOW DID THE TEAMS GET THERE?	City started their campaign with a 2-0 win over Oxford United in the third round just before Christmas, with goals from Marcus Wood and Bersant Celina sealing a comfortable win.	Jason Wilcox's team really had their shooting boots on in the fourth round, thrashing Coventry City 8-2.	Brandon Barker was the star with three of them, while Thierry Ambrose (2), Pablo Maffeo, Javairo Dilrosun and Denzeil Boadu also cashed in.	Man City's Thierry Ambrose (centre) scores his second goal during the 8-2 victory over Coventry.	Manchester City's Isaac Buckley Ricketts (left) celebrates scoring during the semi-final against Leicester.	It was n't as straightforward in the next round, with a solitary Celina strike beating Stoke City, but City were back to their free-scoring best in beating Crewe Alexandra 6-1 in the last eight.	Having fallen behind early on, City stormed back to win thanks to goals from Aaron Nemane, Barker (2), Boadu, Celina and Ambrose.	That set up a two-legged semi-final with Leicester City and they were very keen to get the job done, winning the home first leg 3-0.	Nemane (2) and Boadu continued their scoring form.	The second leg at the King Power Stadium was a formality and, having fallen behind to a second-half penalty, two goals in stoppage time from Isaac Buckley and Barker sealed a 5-1 aggregate win.	Chelsea started their campaign at the beginning of December and were drawn away to Leeds United.	An Izzy Brown penalty and a late second from Dominic Solanke got the Blues Youth Cup defence underway.	Huddersfield Town were beaten 6-1 in the fourth round, with England under 18 star Solanke scoring a hat-trick.	Tammy Abraham grabbed two and Kasey Palmer rounded off an emphatic win.	And Joe Edwards' team went goal crazy again in the fifth round, beating Swansea 6-0.	This time it was Abraham scoring a treble and Solanke adding two.	Palmer also got on the scoresheet.	A tough trip to Newcastle United followed but the Blues finally prevailed in extra time with Brown, Solanke and Abraham on the scoresheet in a 3-0 win at St James' Park.	That set up a tasty semi-final tie with Tottenham and all seemed lost when Spurs took a 2-0 lead from the first leg at White Hart Lane.	Chelsea were to fall further behind in the second leg at Stamford Bridge but mounted an extraordinary fightback.	Izzy Brown (centre) scores for Cheslea against Tottenham as they staged a thrilling comeback last month.	Goals from Solanke and Brown gave them hope before the break, before two in two minutes from Solanke and Charlie Colkett just after turned the game on its head.	A Colkett penalty then put daylight between the teams as Chelsea won a thrilling tie 5-4 on aggregate.	YOUTH CUP PEDIGREE.	Manchester City have twice lifted the FA Youth Cup - in 1986 and 2008.	The last of those saw them defeat Chelsea 3-1 at the Etihad after a 1-1 draw in London.	Slovakian Vladimir Weiss was the star performer.	He went on to make just five first-team appearances for City and now plays, aged 25, for Lekhwiya in the Qatari Stars League.	Chelsea have made the competition their own in recent years and this is their fifth final in six seasons.	Their wins in 2010, 2012 and 2014 added to earlier successes in 1960 and 1961.	WHAT ARE THEY SAYING?	City coach Jason Wilcox:'Our job is to recruit local lads.	If we can get a group of Manchester-born lads into the first team then that's the ideal scenario.	To do that is going to be really difficult but that's the challenge.	We do n't want local lads playing for Tottenham, Arsenal or Chelsea.	It's up to us to make sure that, via the scouting, we have at least the opportunity of showing them our programme.	I'm convinced once they see us it's very difficult to walk away from.'	Chelsea coach Joe Edwards:'Winning breeds confidence so to have a group of players coming back for this game who were crowned European champions last week [ when the Under-19s won the UEFA Youth League ] is a massive plus for us.	Once you get a taste of winning, you want that feeling again and again.'	PLAYERS TO WATCH.	MANCHESTER CITY.	Brandon Barker - speedy winger who has been on the books at City's academy since the age of eight.	The Manchester-born teenager made a positive impression with 13 goals for the under 18s last season and has since progressed into Patrick Vieira's Elite Development Squad.	Has scored six time on the Youth Cup run and is an England under 19 international.	Brandon Barker is an England Under 19 international and scored 13 goals for City's under 18s last season.	Thierry Ambrose - capable of playing anywhere across the forward line, Ambrose was signed from Auxerre's youth teams in 2013.	Impressed in his first season with the under 18s, scoring 22 goals in 32 matches, enough to earn the Parisian a place in the EDS team.	Has scored three times during City's Youth Cup run.	Ambrose (centre) scored 22 goals in 32 matches for City's under 18s after signing from Auxerre.	Aaron Nemane - another who has scored three times during the Youth Cup run.	Right winger Nemane made his debut for the City under 18 side at just 14 and made quite an impact by scoring twice.	Has played mainly in the under 18 team but did travel to Croatia with the EDS squad last pre-season.	Aaron Nemane (right) made his debut for Manchester City's under 18 side aged just 14.	CHELSEA.	Dominic Solanke - enjoying an extraordinary season and hoping to win the Youth Cup for the second successive season having scored two goals in the last five minutes to sink Fulham last year.	With 34 goals for Chelsea this season, he inspired them to UEFA Youth League success a week ago having scored in every round.	Should he score in the final, he will also have scored in each round of the Youth Cup.	England under 18 international.	Solanke (left) has been in prolific form for Chelsea both at home and abroad this season.	Jay Dasilva - earned rave reviews for his performances in the Youth League, with Ian Wright suggesting he was already better than any left-back in the Premier League.	Still only 16, his mature performance have seen him already established in the under 21 team.	Jay Dasilva has impressed for Chelsea at left-back and is a regular for the Under 21 team.	Charlie Colkett - captain of the side and an important figure in the Chelsea midfield.	Will set the tempo and drive the team forward with direct runs and intelligent passes.	Very impressive all season, especially on the continental stage.	Charle Colkett (right) is captain of Chelsea's youth cup side and has impressed all season.
Chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west London after a strong showing in Manchester to see off City's young side.	Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline after a Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead.	Sportsmail was at the Academy Stadium to see how the youngsters got on... Tammy Abraham smashes Chelsea into the lead with a fierce drive into the top corner.	Manchester City (4-2-3-1).	Kjetil Haug: Norwegian international has been on the bench for long periods but got the nod and looked shaky under the high ball.	That said, powerless to stop Abraham's volleys and Soalnke's killer.	6.5.	Pablo Maffeo: Barcelona-born former Espanyol youngster is not the tallest and at times struggled with Chelsea's diagonals early on but grew into the game and could have levelled.	6.5.	Tosin Adarabioyo: Manchester lad and England youth international, City's captain was a commanding presence at the heart of defence.	Has the movement of Yaya Toure but put a big shift in.	7.	Christian Haug goes up for the ball under pressure from Chelsea forwards during the Youth Cup final.	Cameron Humphreys-Grant: Has captained England and, like Adarabioyo had his hands full against a vibrant Chelsea attack but stood up to the test well.	6.5.	Jose Angelino Tasende: Spanish left-back is not the tallest and was not able to drive forward as much as he would have liked against strong opposition.	6.	Kean Bryan: Box-to-box midfielder from Beswick, yards away from the Etihad Stadium, pulled up injured after 36 minutes but battled back bravely but missed a glorious chance to tie things up.	6.5.	Manchester City midfielder Kean Bryan tracks the run of Dominic Solanke as City looked to stem the tide.	Aaron Nemane: Moved to Manchester from France as a toddler, the wide man who scored twice in the first leg of the Semi Final did outwitted Dasilva with a delightful tap and go but could not find the final, killer ball.	Blasted wide when should have levelled.	6.5.	Bersant Celina: Kosovan international Celina struggled to fill in for injured star Thierry Ambrose, seeing one shot from the edge of the area easily held by Collins.	6.	Manu Garcia: Joined City from Sporting Gijon and the mini David Silva showed some neat touches on the rare occasions he found space.	Was largely ineffective and should have done better when teed up by Barker late on.	Yanked on 85 minuted.	6.	Manuel Garcia gets a shot away, but it was blocked by Jake Clarke-Salter.	Isaac Buckley-Ricketts: Pacy Mancunian centre forward produced measured finish to bring City level but was marshalled well for the majority of the evening.	7.	Brandon Barker: City's star man, the two-footed local lad is tipped for big things at the Etihad but was perhaps guilty of trying to do too much at times here.	Did create a fine chance for Garcia with a trademark surge and almost levelled late on.	7.5.	City's players celebrate after Isaac Buckley (left) had levelled the game in the first half.	Chelsea (4-2-3-1).	Bradley Collins: The Southampton-born stopper could do little about City's opener and distributed the ball well.	6.5.	Fikayo Tomori: Canadian born but eligible for England combined well with Clarke-Salter to nullify City's threat in a commanding-looking partnership.	7.	Ola Aina: England Under-19 right-back found space time and time again down the right.	Quick, strong and often influential.	7.	Jake Clarke-Salter: England Under 18s international often too strong for Buckley-Ricketts and, on the evidence of this sterling performance, is one to watch.	7.	Jay Dasilva: Under-21 regular is still 16.	Fortunate to escape at least a caution with a from-behind challenge in the first half but was solid at the back and lively going forward, whipping in a number of decent crosses.	7.	Ruben Sammut: Scottish youth international covered his back four expertly and kickstarted a number of breaks as City pressed.	6.5.	Ruben Sammut plays the ball out in an excellent performance protecting the back four.	Tammy Abraham: Two volleys for his 35th and 36th strikes of the season.	Big, bold and often brilliant, Chelsea will be hoping the injury that saw him substituted on 67 minutes is not serious.	8.	Charlie Colkett: Put in a captain's shift in the centre of the park as the visitors won the midfield battle.	Is tipped for big things and showed just why.	7.5.	Abraham makes it 2-1 at the Academy Stadium with an acrobatic finish past Christian Haug.	Dominic Solanke: Scored for England in the European Under-17 Championship Final and put in a powerful shift here, teaming up well with Abraham before effectively killing the tie with a neat third.	7.5.	Charly Musonda: The Belgian playmaker, the only overseas man in the starting XI, was quiet by his standards and drilled a decent chance tamely wide.	Departed late on.	6.	Isaiah Brown: Said to be interesting Jose Mourinho but will not want to dwell on his big moment early on when he blasted over bar when unmarked on the edge of the box.	Miss aside, was a constant menace.	Substitutes:.	Kasey Palmer (Abraham, 67, 6): On for Abraham and showed explosive pace straight away but was let down by a hurried attempt at a finish which flew over the bar.	Isaiah Brown holds off a tackle from Fikayo Tomori, during another impressive display for the young forward.
Jose Mourinho hailed his'phenomenal' side after John Terry's scrappy goal put Chelsea on the brink of the Premier League title.	But the Chelsea manager was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened Leicester.	Victory at home to Crystal Palace on Sunday will now hand Chelsea their first league crown since 2010.	John Terry (right) flicks home from close range after a scramble in the Leicester box following a corner.	Terry turns and celebrates after making it 2-1 to Chelsea with a close-range finish against Leicester City.	'It is phenomenal what my team are doing,' said Mourinho.	'Being top of the league since day one is not easy ; I think we are what every team would like to be.	'Stamford Bridge is ready to celebrate but if I can ask something from them it is to not celebrate.	We all want to win on Sunday but it will be a difficult game.	Stamford Bridge must be ready to push us.	'The April month, where everybody expected Chelsea to drop points playing difficult matches against teams fighting not to be relegated as well as Arsenal and Man United, was exactly the month where we destroy opponents.	'It was a month without Diego (Costa), without (Loic) Remy, with Didier (Drogba) and Oscar playing striker, no other solutions, just this small group of players we have.	We were tactically phenomenal, team spirit, team ethic, the way we defended, the way we were clinical with our goals, the stability we showed in every game.	'In this moment we are 13 points ahead of second.	We won every game except the draw against Arsenal.	The boys, when the pressure was on, were even stronger.	'The old and the young.	Petr Cech, great performance, John, Didier, Branislav (Ivanovic), but other giants on the pitch, (Nemanja) Matic, (Cesc) Fabregas, Ramires.	A great team.	So I'm so, so happy.	I just need three more points to celebrate.'	Ramires (right) struck his effort with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point.	Jose Mourinho watches on with muddy shoes just as his side scored against Leicester City.	Jose Mourinho must feel like he is walking on water as his Chelsea side edged another step closer to the title.	Leicester, on a run of four successive wins, led at the break through Marc Albrighton's goal.	But Didier Drogba equalised, Terry put Chelsea ahead, and Ramires added a late screamer.	'If I tell you what I said it will be'peep peep peep'.	Too many peeps!'	laughed Mourinho.	Terry added:'They were a tough side and they kept fighting.	We got a telling off at half-time and we came out and played excellently in the second half.	It was n't good enough in the first half but listen, we got the three points.	Drogba looks on as his effort from inside the box drifts in to the far corner past goalkeeper Schmeichel.	'We've been the best side all season.	We deserve a lot of respect, we've been very good all year.	Let's hope we win it on Sunday.	We are almost there.'	Drogba said:'We do n't get enough credit.	We are top of the league, we have the most points and people find us boring because we've been top since day one.'	Leicester lost Andy King and Robert Huth to injury in the first 25 minutes and manager Nigel Pearson rued the double loss, while praising Chelsea's champion qualities.	'It was difficult tonight because we've had to make substitutions which in normal circumstances we would n't have done - but that's life,' he said.	Drogba (right) wheels away in celebration as his team-mates Eden Hazard and WIllian congratulate him.	'I do n't think our players deserved being on the end of a 3-1 defeat because it was a tighter game than that.	"I've heard criticisms of Chelsea in recent weeks and I find it very bemusing.	The best sides are able to win games in different ways and they've illustrated that tonight.	'I think they're a really good side and have some great players.	I'm not oblivious to the views that were spouted at the weekend in terms of style of football but I'm a big believer in winning games and that's it.	'Chelsea are worthy champions.'	Drogba (centre) was the star of the show for Chelsea - and he was leading his team-mates in celebrations.
If Charlie Austin played for a big club he would be in the England team by now.	That's the populist stance, anyway, and parroting it is much easier than working through the logistics.	If we think a squad should contain four strikers, who should Roy Hodgson drop to make way?	Wayne Rooney, the captain, poised to overtake Sir Bobby Charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in England's history?	Danny Welbeck, the top scorer across this European Championship qualifying round, with six goals in five games?	Harry Kane, English football's leading goalscorer -- or Daniel Sturridge, the man whose partnership with Luis Suarez almost propelled Liverpool to the title last season?	Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR.	Austin scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with fellow Premier League strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday night.	Harry Kane (left) and Wayne Rooney (right) started in England's recent 1-1 draw with Italy.	Every few years an England manager must ride this accusation of big-club favouritism.	Remember when Grant Holt of Norwich City was thought to have been unjustly ignored by Hodgson in 2012?	Not hearing so much of that since his career nosedived into the Championship, and probably League One, with Wigan Athletic.	Austin is different from Holt, whose finest form came towards the end of his career.	He will probably move on from Queens Park Rangers at the end of the season and may even earn an England call-up then.	Critics will say it is because he now plays for a fashionable club.	That is n't true.	Austin has had an excellent year but England have goal-scorers who are in even better form, or have earned their place in the squad.	Make no mistake, if he was playing this well as a right back or centre half, he'd have made his debut long ago.	Daniel Sturridge (left) and Danny Welbeck are also ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson's pecking order.	There was a clamour for Grant Holt to be named in the England squad during his time at Norwich.
There wo n't be many who can guess which Barclays Premier League player picked up my first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend.	Eden Hazard?	Well, he was brilliant but no.	Mesut Ozil?	Haha, dream on.	My favourite player, Michael Carrick?	No, not even him.	Step forward Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy.	I've seen him plenty of times this season and he's always worked extremely hard, never been lower than a 7/10.	But he added class and quality to that workrate at West Brom on Saturday and I could n't fault him.	The perfect 10.	Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy celebrates scoring their late winner to keep their survival hopes alive.	Vardy was being criticised two years ago at Leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.	Jose Mourinho?	Ronald Koeman?	Sean Dyche?	Not even close... Louis van Gaal should be crowned manager of the year.	Manuel Pellegrini is punching above his weight at City... the club MUST think big or forever remain small.	Two years ago Vardy was being hammered by Leicester fans who thought he was useless.	The criticism was so bad the player started to doubt himself and admits he almost gave up football.	Credit to Nigel Pearson and his staff -- they supported their striker and pulled him through a tough time.	A year later he was in the Premier League and picked up the Players' Player of the Year award at the club after a prolific season.	With the top flight came new signings up front for Leicester.	Last summer Leonardo Ulloa arrived, and then in January it was Croatia international Andrej Kramaric, the pair setting the Foxes back # 17million, and obviously Vardy has had to fight for his place.	He's playing on the left this season and the goals have dried up -- he's only scored three.	But he is in the team on merit.	At The Hawthorns on Saturday I witnessed a match-winning performance from the most expensive player ever to come from non-League football.	Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the weekend as he inspired Leicester to an unlikely victory.	Credit must go to Nigel Pearson (bottom left) and his staff who supported Vardy through a tough time.	It's Vardy's hold-up play that wins the free-kick for the first Leicester goal.	His pace and persistence that hounded Joleon Lescott into giving him the ball as he drove Leicester forward and helped win the corner for the second goal.	And it was his strength that won the ball off Gareth MacAuley on the halfway line - then you can only admire his storming surge towards goal and the quality finish as he rifles the ball into the back of the net for the winner in injury time, embarrassing Lescott again.	When Leicester were n't in possession Vardy was chasing everything.	When they had the ball, his movement was good -- he took up a great position when Ulloa missed a sitter just before half-time.	When Vardy himself was on the ball, he usually had an impact, in spectacular style at the end.	I do n't think he's the best player in the Premier league, I do n't think he's good enough for England.	And who knows if Leicester can survive this season.	But what I saw on Saturday was 10 out of 10 from Jamie Vardy.	Good on you lad.	Vardy is not world class or England material yet but put in a brilliant performance on Saturday for Leicester.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight champion title on Saturday night, controlling Kyoji Horiguchi for nearly the entire five-round bout before scoring the latest submission win in UFC history - tapping out his opponent with a second left.'	I did n't want to be stupid and get knocked out,' Johnson said.'	I had 25 minutes.	I just took my time, and with 1 second left, I figured I better finish him.'	Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal.	Johnson celebrates after a successful defence of his title at th Bell Centre in Canada on Saturday.	The American secured a submission victory over Horiguchi in the latest UFC pay-per-view event.	Horiguchi was dangerous in the opening round, as his blend of unorthodox, karate-based movements and impressive speed gave the champ some pause in the early going.	But the Japanese contender was unable to truly capitalize on the opportunities, and it would cost him.	Johnson (22-2-1) simply took over in the second round, showing the wide range of skills that have earned him recognition as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters.	Constant pressure from the champ left Horiguchi (15-2) struggling to find any opportunity to attack.	Instead, the challenger was constantly forced to try and prevent Johnson from taking his back, as they battled routinely against the fence and in the clinch.	The American Johnson lands a right hand on his Japanese opponent during their bout in Montreal.	Quinton'Rampage' Jackson (right) beat Fabio Maldonado of Brazil to win his first bout since 2011.	It was one-way traffic until the final round, and the 23-year-old challenger was simply overwhelmed by the more experienced champ.	Horiguchi tried to attack until the end, briefly threatening with a fifth-round triangle choke, but he was simply overwhelmed.	While he was clearly ahead on the scorecards in the final seconds, Johnson turned up the volume, transitioned to an armbar and scored the submission win.	Johnson successfully defended the title for the sixth time.	In the co-main event, Quinton'Rampage' Jackson (36-11) earned his first UFC win since 2011, scoring a unanimous decision over Brazilian slugger Fabio Maldonado (22-8).
Manchester United fear Daniel Levy will play hardball should they decided to pursue their interest in Hugo Lloris.	And their worries look set to be realised with Spurs planning to slap a # 35million price tag on the keeper to ward of his potential suitors, while the north London club are determined not to sell the Frenchman to a domestic rival.	United are considering a move for the France goalkeeper as fears grow over a David de Gea's future, while he is also a long-term target for Paris Saint-Germain.	Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's top keepers with some fine displays.	Spurs are determined to keep Lloris at White Hart Lane and will put a # 35million price tag on his head.	But Spurs are determined to keep their No 1 at White Hart Lane and will demand a sky-high price for the keeper.	The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the # 32.6 million Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon in 2001.	But Tottenham chairman Levy values Lloris even higher than that fee and wo n't consider any offers for a penny under # 35million.	And it is for that reason United, despite their interest, are already showing hesitancy regarding a summer switch.	Daniel Levy (right), alongside Spurs owner Joe Lewis, is known to drive a hard bargain.	Gianluigi Buffon is the world's most expensive keeper after his # 32.6 m move from Parma to Juve in 2001.	Levy is known to be one of the toughest negotiators in Europe and will not let Lloris leave on someone else's terms.	His reputation for getting maximum value from the club's assets was underlined when Real Madrid paid a world record # 85million for Gareth Bale after a summer of hardball tactics from Levy.	And the Spurs supremo will take a similar stance in their attempts to keep Lloris, who signed a five-year deal last summer.
When Fiorentina's season ends next month, Micah Richards wo n't be jetting off on his summer holidays.	For the moment, summer is cancelled for the defender - at least until he knows where he'll be playing next season.	His contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season, when he becomes a free agent.	The next few months will be vital in determining whether Richards can resurrect his once burgeoning career.	Micah Richards has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move to Italian side Fiorentina.	Richards joined the Serie A side after being frozen out at City - and will be on the move again this summer.	He knows it, too, choosing to delay any holidays until his next destination is finalised.	Likewise, he's taken the decision to change representation, striking an agreement with Wasserman Media Group - the firm that look after Steven Gerrard.	His season-long loan in Florence has n't been a disaster, but you can hardly call it an overwhelming success.	Unable to hold down a regular place in Vincenzo Montella's starting XI this season, Richards has had ample time to reflect on his career so far.	Tipped as the future of England's defence, Richards' career has been on steady decline.	But at the age of 26-year-old, there's time for Richards to buck that recent trend.	Richards celebrates with Yaya Toure and Gael Clichy at his boyhood club, where his contract ends this year.	Ricahrds is set on a return to the Premier League, shown here in 2011 skipping past Arsenal's Gervinho.	He's enjoyed his time in Italy ; he likes the lifestyle.	But the defender is almost certain that he wants to return to the Premier League ahead of next season.	Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini would sign Richards in a heartbeat.	He tried, and failed, to sign him on loan in January.	The possibility of a permanent reunion with Mancini, who nurtured Richards' career at Manchester City, this summer is a real one for the defender.	But the drive to prove he can still be a force in England is strong.	Richards has unfinished business on these shores.	Richards will not be short of suitors.	Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are showing an interest.	On paper, a move for Richards this summer is a no brainer.	A Premier League winner, close to 200 top-flight appearances under his belt, still only 26 and available on a free transfer.	The Birmingham-born 26 year old was England's first choice right-back as a youngster.	You do n't get many of those to the pound.	The pound, though, is n't something Richards will be too concerned with this summer.	Talk to those close to the defender, they'll tell you he simply wants to get back to playing regular football - not once every two or three weeks.	Richards, who is currently nursing a slight ankle injury, wants to be a mainstay at his next club - and that will be the determining factor when he makes his decision.	His versatility is also likely to be a major selling point.	We know Richards as a right-back - but he's developed a penchant for playing as a central defender in recent seasons.	Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is willing to offer the former England man a place at the heart of his defence.	And it is at centre-back where Richards sees his long-term career.	Sportsmail understands Tim Sherwood would be willing to offer Richards a slot in the heart of his defence next season in an attempt to lure him to Villa Park.	But, more than anything else, Richards knows he has to play.	Prestige will have nothing to do with his next move.	If offered the chance of playing a peripheral role for a high-profile club or a regular position elsewhere, he'll choose the latter.	The sooner he makes his decision, the sooner he can get on with booking his summer holidays.
The possession police are out in force, and Jose Mourinho is the Premier League's Most Wanted.	The football purists are foaming at the mouth -- how can this Portuguese pretender dare to win games without wanting the football?	Is this the most negative side to ever win the title?	Is this the most terrible team to lift the Champions' crown?	Woah there, just hang on a moment.	Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession during their 1-0 win over Man United.	Mourinho and his staff and players celebrate the crucial win over United on Saturday at Stamford Bridge.	I'm no fan of the kind of football Chelsea played on Saturday to beat Manchester United.	But at the end of the season, they are getting the job done, it's as simple as that.	And who can blame Mourinho for being so cautious?	Last season they were seven points clear at the top of the table but fell away after losing at Aston Villa and Crystal Palace -- both in the bottom half of the table at the time, and were beaten at home by Sunderland, who were six points adrift in 20th place.	And then needing a win to go top of the Premier League with just two games to go, Mourinho watched his side draw 0-0 at home to Norwich, who were about to be relegated.	The title that had been in their grasp, was lost.	Chelsea's most impressive result during that run-in was a 2-0 win at Liverpool, a game made famous by Steven Gerrard's slip.	It ended Liverpool's 16-match unbeaten run and checked their charge to the title.	That day Chelsea let Liverpool have 73 per cent possession over the 90 minutes.	Chelsea found a way to win without the ball.	And Mourinho did the same on Saturday to an in-form Manchester United, who had 70 per cent possession at Stamford Bridge.	It's not my kind of football -- I like to see what talented professional players can do with the ball.	And so does Louis van Gaal.	Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by Chelsea.	Steven Gerrard slips against Chelsea at Anfield last season - a game Chelsea won with only 17% possession.	Ba scores as Chelsea go on to win at Anfield and effectively end Liverpool's title push last season.	The Dutch master might just wonder to himself if things could have been different if he had certain individuals fit.	All clubs have injuries, but for that massive game on Saturday, United needed key players in the team.	It would have been fascinating to see if Van Gaal's possession philosophy would have won the day, over the Jose way.	Chelsea won the game, and they did it in typical Mourinho fashion -- by not wanting possession of the football.	Jose has learned a lot from his mistakes of last season.	I understand his pragmatism given that Chelsea are so close to sealing the title.	But he fell into this negativity way too early in the season, and it led to their abject failure in Europe.	Mourinho needs to be more expansive in the Champions League next season -- that's for sure.	Andre Schurrle's goal against Burnley after a sublime pass from Cesc Fabregas was a highlight of the season.	But do n't judge this Chelsea side on the Premier League run-in alone: they may not have been consistently sparkling with their style, but they have had some wonderful moments this season.	On day one of the season Cesc Fabregas' sublime disguised pass for Andre Schurrle's goal at Burnley had us all out of our seats.	It was n't his only example of genius since August.	When fit, Diego Costa's strength, movement and finishing have been a joy to watch.	And then there's Eden Hazard.	The player Mesut Ozil, Angel di Maria, Samir Nasri and Raheem Sterling and others all dream of being.	Yes some of those others have medals, but they have n't shown the same amazing ability as the Chelsea number 10.	His balance, his control, his passing and finishing have all been superb all season.	Chelsea forward Eden Hazard (left) dribbles with the ball ahead of Manchester Untied's Wayne Rooney (right).	Oscar (second left) scores against Swansea as Chelsea run riot at the Liberty Stadium in January.	And during this period when Jose Mourinho is being over-cautious, making sure they secure the title they let slip last season, Hazard has lifted the team from a blue sea of negative mediocrity, to one capable of star quality.	And back in January, Chelsea gave arguably the best footballing display of the season in the Premier League when they went to Swansea and won 5-0.	The one-touch football was special, and the way the three behind Costa drifted around was reminiscent of the total football played by sides born out of Rinus Michels' Ajax and Holland sides of the 1970s.	Chelsea were 4-0 in front at the break, by which time Willian had also hit the bar twice.	Jose's side completely outplayed and outpassed one of the better footballing sides in the division.	So do n't be too harsh on Chelsea, on their way to the title it's hell to watch them right now.	But Mourinho's men have taken us to heaven enough times this season to keep the critics off their backs.
A 30-year-old Scouser released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years was the hero of Scottish football at the weekend.	Full back David Raven stabbed home the winner to take Inverness Caledonian Thistle to the Scottish Cup final.	You can only be pleased for him -- he must have thought his career glory had been and gone when he made a few appearances in the Liverpool first team as a youngster (he played in the infamous 1-0 defeat for Rafa Benitez's Reds at Burnley in 2005 -- Djimi Traore's silky back-heeled own goal deciding the game).	It's a fantastic moment for Raven, good luck to him in the final.	But what can we deduce about the state of Scottish football from the two Hampden Park semi-finals last weekend?	David Raven peels away after scoring the winner for Inverness against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final.	Raven celebrates with team-mate Ryan Christie as Inverness knocked Celtic out at Hampden.	Well with Scotland's top club, Celtic, taking the decision to embarrass themselves publicly by writing to the SFA crying about a penalty they were n't awarded against Inverness, you can see there are problems.	I interviewed goal hero Raven and he seemed upset by Celtic's actions:'For a club that size to write to the SFA is a bit much, it's definitely taken the gloss off it a little bit for me.	I'm surprised a club like Celtic have done that -- it's a bit of an error of judgment for me.	I do n't know what they're hoping to get out of it,' he told me.	Well done Celtic, your extreme arrogance managed to spoil the highlight of an honest pro's career.	You should be ashamed of themselves.	Celtic think they are so gigantic they have a divine right to get to the final.	Apparently only they can make themselves the victims of bad decisions from officials.	Celtic are like the brat of a child, over-indulged by parents, and scoffing too many sweets and not sharing any with the other kids because of some superiority complex which is n't backed up by what's actually going on.	And the mismanagement of the Scottish game has left it imbalanced and unattractive.	Whichever way you look at it, Scottish football, like an unsafe, stinking high rise on the wrong side of Glasgow, needs wiping out and starting again.	Firstly, Celtic need bringing down a peg or two.	There is nothing to suggest they are bigger than the game of football, yet they act like they are lords and masters of all around them.	Celtic did n't get a penalty -- so what?	Inverness should have had one when sub keeper Lukasz Zaluska bulldozed into the back of an opponent.	As bad losers go, Celtic are just about the worst of the lot.	Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths complained:'We were robbed.'	The whole of football is laughing in his face!	Imagine how Rangers fans felt when the authorities banished their club to the brink of non-league football.	Now that's being robbed.	None of this reflects well on Scottish football.	Josh Meekings (centre) appeared to handle the ball in the box but no penalty was awarded to Celtic.	Kris Commons appeals for a penalty after Meeking's apparent hand ball but it was to no avail.	Celtic captain Scott Brown appeals to referee Steve McLean - the club have since written to the SFA.	Next the game north of the border must do more to attract supporters to matches.	For Saturday's game between Hibs and Falkirk there were 30,000 empty seats, while nearly 25,000 were missing for Sunday's tie.	Two showpiece games at the country's national stadium should be getting close to sell-out crowds.	The two biggest clubs in the country -- Celtic and Rangers - regularly have loads of empty seats at home games.	Where is the passion for football in Scotland?	Has it disappeared completely?	Was it the curling craze that did it?	Have Rhona Martin and all curlers since the Olympic gold medallist hit her peak become the new heroes rather than iron bruisers like Scott Brown?	What about on the pitch: take a look at the three Inverness scorers on Sunday: Raven I've told you about ; Greg Tansey I first saw when he was a teenager at Stockport and I was impressed.	His career since then has levelled out.	He's a good technician, but having been allowed to leave Stevenage last year when they were bottom of League One you'd have to question his all-round ability.	And Edward Ofere scored a cracker at Hampden, finding the net for the second successive weekend.	But this is a 29-year-old Nigerian striker who has yet to play a competitive international game and has had a Nomadic footballing existence thumbing his way around the minor European leagues so far.	It's a great moment for these players and for Inverness, but let's not confuse that with anything remotely resembling high quality football.	These are journeymen who have worked hard to earn their big day out.	James Dunne was a cup winner in Scotland with St Johnstone last season, this year he's been picking up yellow cards in the bottom half of League Two with Portsmouth.	Large swathes of Hampden were empty for both Scottish Cup semi-finals over the weekend.	The standard of Scottish football has continued to fall and the game needs to be overhauled.	Inverness manager John Hughes, sacked by Hartlepool after relegation to League Two less than two years ago, has moulded these players into a side that sits third in the Scottish Premiership table, and favourites to win the Scottish Cup final.	In some ways you have to be impressed, and the Caley fans are loving it right now of course.	But the standard is not high, and that's not healthy for Scottish football.	With the quality on the pitch lacking, it's no surprise the fans ca n't be bothered to pay and watch.	You sign English League Two players and you'll get League Two crowds.	What's needed is a total restructuring: a bigger top division in Scotland for a start.	That would ensure the biggest clubs have the best chance of staying there, and it would mean the clubs play each other only twice a season in the league -- familiarity has bred boredom with a smaller Scottish Premiership.	Beyond the top flight, establish only one division with strict criteria for stadia and salary capping.	That way clubs are less likely to suffer financial crisis, but standards are maintained, and the focus is on quality in those top two divisions, rather than the current situation where resources spread far too thinly over four leagues.	Somehow a fairer distribution of wealth is needed in Scotland.	Pumping all the money into Celtic has n't led to any success in Europe -- in fact Celtic have got worse.	So spread the money more evenly, generate competition, and maybe that way Scotland can become strong again.	It's not all bad - Falkirk's matchwinner on Saturday Craig Sibbald looks like a decent footballer, yet he ca n't get in the Scotland Under 21 squad.	There are some promising young Scottish players around right now, no doubt about that.	But overall Scottish football is in a bad way right now.	It's in need of major surgery.	Celtic's pathetic letter should fire the SFA into action.	Celtic's Emilio Izaguirre cuts a dejected figure at full-time after his side failed to reach the final.
What Alastair Cook did here, particularly in the first hour of his innings, was spot-on.	That has to be his template from now on and if he carries on the way he has played here in Grenada, those hundreds will come again.	This was really encouraging for the England captain but ultimately hugely frustrating because he could n't push on to that all-important hundred.	Cook's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific.	He has struggled when he has looked to make runs with shots that he rarely employed before.	Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on, particularly the first hour of it.	Cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing Shannon Gabriel on for 76.	Yet it is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 Test hundreds can not drive the ball.	Of course he can.	The key for him is not to play the drive too early, when the ball is moving around and his balance at the crease is not quite right.	Perhaps it has been playing too much one-day cricket, perhaps it has just been the pressure to score big runs again, but Cook has been searching for the ball far too early.	Here he left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him, which took a lot of mental strength and composure.	The drag-on was always going to be a danger on this pitch but Cook was right to try to play that shot because the cut is one of his big strengths.	His eyes lit up when he was bowled a short, wide one by Shannon Gabriel.	But the ball just lacked pace, Cook was through the shot too early, the angle from round the wicket tucked him up and the inside edge came into play.	He can not admonish himself for playing at the delivery.	Boy, do I admire Cook's fortitude and the concentration he showed on that sluggish pitch with an incredibly slow outfield.	The England captain hits behind square on the onside as Jermaine Blackwood ducks for cover.	Cook left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him, but drove when the option arose.	He is stronger mentally than anyone he will face, so he just has to carry on showing the same discipline.	The bowlers will become bored before he does.	The fact is, 76 here was pretty much worth a hundred in these day-three conditions, but sadly for Cook that is not how the record books will show it.	The England captain was aided by the fact the ball did not swing much for West Indies, because it is the moving delivery that has caused him so many problems.	It is to Cook's credit that he has not looked under pressure in this second Test and his recent statistics -- four scores of 70-plus in his last seven Test innings -- are absolutely fine for a normal human being.	The problem for him is that until the age of 28 he was n't normal ; he was an absolute run machine.	Cook's off stump is rattled after a wide delivery from Gabriel found the inside edge.	The skipper shows his frustration as his impressive innings to this point is cut short.	Gabriel celebrates after Cook's eyes lit but the ball just lacked pace and he was through the shot too early.	West Indies celebrate the breakthrough but Cook can not admonish himself for playing at the delivery.	Cook just has to put that one key statistic to bed and finally reach three figures, then move on with such a big summer ahead.	His inability to do so means we are still talking about how long it's been since his last Test century but there were good signs here.	Meanwhile, Jonathan Trott still looked a little frenetic at the start of his innings, certainly for those first 10 to 15 runs when he was searching for the ball and driving when he did not need to.	Jonathan Trott drives during his first innings of 59, which started day three somewhat frenetically.	Cook congratulates a smiling Trott after his fellow opener reached his 50 milestone in the morning session.	Yet as his innings progressed, he looked calmer and it was significant when he started walking off towards square leg between deliveries.	He was in his little bubble again and it showed me that he was back.	Trott has obviously been through a heck of a lot, has looked anxious and wants to prove the point that he belongs back with England and that he can open the batting in Tests.	The more he played, the more he looked like Jonathan Trott.	Trott looked calmer as his innings went on but Devendra Bishoo found his edge before he could go on with it.	Trott leaves the field at St George's - on St George's Day - after an opening partnership of 125 runs.
Manchester United have been brilliant in the second half of the season but the defeat at Everton was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go.	United played like Sunderland on a bad day -- they were that horrendous.	Recently I wrote about what United need to take them back to a proper challenge for domestic and European glory.	Now it's time to name names.	Teams will have bad days, of course.	It's no surprise to those of us who can see his quality and importance to United, but without Michael Carrick they look far more beatable.	I ca n't see how Everton score that first goal if Carrick is on the pitch.	Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn Manchester United into title contenders.	Borussia Dortmund's midfield pair of Ilkay Gundogan (left) and Sven Bender (right) fit the bill.	Daley Blind is a poverty-stricken pauper's version of Carrick in that position.	The Dutchman is a slower version of the Geordie, which is quite an achievement, and so more reinforcements are needed.	That's why it would be a good idea for United to raid Borussia Dortmund.	Ilkay Gundogan has already been linked with a move to Old Trafford -- it's a no-brainer.	This player is physical yet graceful.	He can spot a pass and execute it first time.	He's dynamic and never hides.	Alongside him in that Dortmund midfield is Sven Bender - the German Carrick.	These players make relatively few tackles because they anticipate and intercept -- they read the game.	Daley Blind struggled to cope in Manchester United's midfield during their 3-0 defeat by Everton.	David de Gea, Blind and Ashley Young react after conceding a goal in a big defeat by Everton on Sunday.	But when Bender tackles, the opponent knows about it -- he is a beast.	Despite his frame (he's 6ft 1in, slightly shorter than Carrick), he is quick to step into a tackle.	Opponents think they have a bit of time on the ball but Bender makes up the ground in a flash to rob them.	What I'm saying here is that United may need two players to replace Carrick.	And those two fit the bill.	Both are winners, both have had years in Dortmund playing some magnificent football.	And if Louis van Gaal is raiding Dortmund he might as well sign Armenia's finest Henrikh Mkhitaryan.	What a playmaker this guy is -- he floats around picking the ball up wherever he can, gets the team into advanced positions and can spot a pass.	He can score goals too.	Manchester United look far more vulnerable without Michael Carrick in their midfield.	Armenian creative threat Henrikh Mkhitaryan has been linked with a move to the Premier League before.	Gundogan, like Bender, could be leaving Dortmund this summer along with departing manager Jurgen Klopp.	I think he's a more positive version of Juan Mata -- look how often the Spaniard gave the ball away at Goodison on Sunday.	There's a lot to admire about Mata's game, but he is one of the guilty ones when you look at the reasons for United being ponderous in their build-up.	United also need a centre half and another striker -- it's a work in progress after the post-Fergie collapse.	But the Dortmund trio would bring instant reward for Van Gaal.	And it's not just plucking names out of nowhere: the timing is right for them to move on just as manager Jurgen Klopp leaves.	There is a way any Manchester United team must play -- David Moyes found that out to his cost, and earlier this season Van Gaal listened to the fans' loud and clear disapproval of negative football and passes going backwards too often and changed the way they played.	Hoofing it up to Marouane Fellaini has happened -- not as often as the critics make out -- but with certain players out, Van Gaal has felt that tactic is the best way to get results.	Van Gaal knows anything less than a top-four finish is failure.	Juan Mata was wasteful in possession against Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.	Mkhitaryan (right) challenges Eintracht Frankfurt's Carlos Zambrano during a Bundesliga game.	Marouane Fellaini's rebirth has been a big factor in Manchester United's excellent form over the past weeks.	So much has been made of Dortmund's poor season, but even during that time they managed to finish top of their Champions League group above Arsenal.	And the second half of the campaign has seen a revival that has led them to the top half when before Christmas relegation looked a possibility.	These are not bad players just because of half a season.	These are players who, if they successfully bring their A game with them from Germany, could improve United's starting XI massively.	If United are going to raid a club for good players, there are some rich pickings at Dortmund.	And I have n't even mentioned Mats Hummels.
The father one of one three children who were tragically killed in Palm Bay, Florida, in March has spoken out about the kids he cared for and loved.	Seven-year-old Lacey McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty, in a botched murder-suicide.	Christopher Swist - father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating Jessica McCarty just before the alleged killings - had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball.	Scroll down for video.	Jessica McCarty, pictured with her partner Chris Swist, daughter Lacey McCarty (right) and sons Philip McCarty (center) and Christopher Swist (in her arms), called the police on herself.	McCarty was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident.	Investigators say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was'sorry for what she had to do' Just 24 hours before their death, he took pictures of the two oldest children at their latest game, and both looked happy as ever, Swist said.	'The kids loved everything about Little League,' Swist told People.	'The past two years, we watched the Little League World Series on ESPN.	Our families were always at all the games.'	Their love of the sport was so strong that Palm Bay City Council has renamed a little league field in their town'Angels' Field' in memory of the children.	Swist said that he had a great bond with the children, calling Lacey'Chick', Christopher'Toe Toe' and Phillip'Smash'.	As he comes to terms with the tragic deaths of the three kids he loved so much, Swist has created a non-profit organization titled 3 Angels Ball For All, in hopes of helping disadvantaged youth play organizational sports.	Jessica McCarty still faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incidents that occurred on March 20.	McCarty's partner, Christopher Swist, who she was reportedly on a break with at the time of the alleged murders, coached her two oldest children in little league baseball.	Swist, who was only the father of the youngest slain child, said he had a close bond with all three children and gave them all nicknames to go by.	Swist called seven-year-old Lacey (right picture, left)'Chick', five-month-old Christopher (left)'Toe Toe' and six-year-old Phillip'Smash' (right).	Each nickname supposedly had a story behind it.	McCarty was arrested after she called 911 and told police she'd killed her children.	Lacey and Philip were found unresponsive in the same room at the home and were pronounced dead that night.	The mother strangled the infant and drowned and strangled the daughter, Palm Bay Police Chief Mark Renkens said, according to Florida Today.	Police say none of the three children were shot or stabbed, but lacerations were found.	Christopher Swist had been on life support at Florida Hospital for Children but lost his fight for life in the days following the attack.	'Our hearts go out to the friends and family who have lost children in such a horrific manner.	The fathers of these helpless, innocent children struggling is simply gut wrenching,' said acting Palm Bay Police Chief Mark Renkens said after the incident.	According to Renkens, there had recently been a break in the relationship between McCarty and Swist.	Lacey and Phillip where pronounced dead shortly after they were found unresponsive.	Christopher held on for a couple days before dying at the hospital.	McCarty was arrested after calling 911 on herself and telling the police she had killed her three children.	When Swist arrived on scene - after McCarty had sent him photos of blood throughout the house - and found the children unresponsive.	He then called the police.	Investigators said McCarty sent photos to Swist of blood throughout the house.	Swist arrived first at the scene and found his son unresponsive on his bed, police said.	Police said they found a journal in the driveway of the home that was addressed'To my family,' which indicated that McCarty was sorry for what she'had to do.'	There was also another page addressed to Christopher's father, asking him to keep her son's name alive, police said.	In a mugshot provided by the local jail, the troubled mother appeared in a suicide-prevention vest with bandages covering her recently-slashed wrists - her mouth agape.	The motive for the tragic attempted murder-suicide has not been revealed.	However, McCarty did have a troubled history and in 2009 was investigated by the DCF for possible child neglect.	The agency recommended McCarty to mental health counseling after that investigation, according to public records.	Phillip McCarty (left) was the father of the Phillip and Lacey, the two older children McCarty is believed to have killed on March 20.	McCarty and Swist had one child together - five-month-old Christopher.	Police said they were on a break at the time of the incident.	She has also been arrested on charges of forgery, shoplifting, and prescription drug abuse.	Police were first called to the family's residence just before 6pm, when McCarty called 911 to say her three children were dead and that she had cut her wrists.	Swist also called police when he came home.	Swist now has the comfort of his city's support in mourning and remembering the three children he loved.	'All I have left is the memories that my children blessed me with,' Swist told People.	'Those moments will forever be ours together.	Those children touched so many lives in the community ; naming the field after them is a great way to help keep those memories alive.'	And he knows he has to push on and have the strength to hold his memories close.'	I do n't think you ever heal from this,' Swist told Space Coast Daily.	He added:'The best we can do is survive.	The way we survive is we all stand together as one family.	'As far as you guys even thinking about naming the field, that really means a lot to us.	We just ca n't say enough.	We miss our kids.	We miss our kids.'	Though Phillip and Lacey were not Swist's biological children, he cared for and loved them both.	He claims that the children'touched so many lives in the community' of Palm Bay.
1.	Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes) 68.	2.	Sebastian Vettel (Ferrari) 55.	3.	Nico Rosberg (Mercedes) 51.	Nico Rosberg was brooding, his face stony, his eyes fixed on the middle distance and his fingers intermittently clapping in anger.	He was sitting next to Lewis Hamilton -- as close as the German had got to his Mercedes team-mate all afternoon of the Chinese Grand Prix -- at a post-race press conference fizzing with recriminations.	Rosberg, whose usual coiffured, Euro-chic sheen had vanished, alleged that Hamilton had selfishly tried to spoil his race.	The record states that Hamilton won, Rosberg was second and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel third.	But Rosberg feared he might be overtaken by Vettel before the second round of pit stops when Hamilton, then leading from pole position, slowed down a few fractions of a second -- to conserve his tyres, he said.	Lewis Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers' championship after winning the Chinese Grand Prix.	Lewis Hamilton led the field on the run down to Turn 1 and never looked back as he claimed his second victory from three races.	Hamilton stands on top of his Mercedes and salutes the crowd after claiming the fourth victory of his career in China.	Hamilton points to his team after extending his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship after three rounds.	Nico Rosberg is left with champagne on his face after finishing second.	1.	Lewis Hamilton (Britain) Mercedes 1:39:42.008.	2.	Nico Rosberg (Germany) Mercedes +00:00.714.	3.	Sebastian Vettel (Germany) Ferrari 00:02.988.	4.	Kimi Raikkonen (Finland) Ferrari 00:03.835.	5.	Felipe Massa (Brazil) Williams-Mercedes 00:08.544.	6.	Valtteri Bottas (Finland) Williams-Mercedes 00:09.885.	7.	Romain Grosjean (France) Lotus - Mercedes 00:19.008.	8.	Felipe Nasr (Brazil) Sauber - Ferrari 00:22.625.	9.	Daniel Ricciardo (Australia) Red Bull - Renault 00:32.117.	10.	Marcus Ericsson (Sweden) Sauber - Ferrari 1 lap.	11.	Sergio Perez (Mexico) Force India - Mercedes 1 lap.	12.	Fernando Alonso (Spain) McLaren 1 lap.	13.	Jenson Button (Britain) McLaren 1 lap.	14.	Carlos Sainz Jr (Spain) Toro Rosso - Renault 1 lap.	15.	Will Stevens (Britain) Marussia - Ferrari 2 laps.	16.	Roberto Merhi (Spain) Marussia - Ferrari 2 laps.	17.	Max Verstappen (Holland) Toro Rosso - Renault 4 laps.	r. Pastor Maldonado (Venezuela) Lotus - Mercedes 7 laps.	r. Daniil Kvyat (Russia) Red Bull - Renault 41 laps.	r. Nico Hulkenberg (Germany) Force India - Mercedes 47 laps.	(rank: r = retired, nc = not classified).	Fastest Lap: Lewis Hamilton,1:42.208, lap 31.	Rosberg asked the team to get Hamilton to speed up, an instruction they issued and one with which the Briton complied.	'I was n't controlling his race ; I was controlling my own race,' said Hamilton, indignantly.	'I had no real threat from Nico.'	But Rosberg said:'It's interesting to hear from you, Lewis, that you were just thinking about yourself with the pace.	That opened up the opportunity for Sebastian to try that early pit-stop to try and jump me.'	Hamilton countered:'My job is to manage the car and bring the car home as fast as possible and that's what I did.	I did n't do anything intentionally to slow the cars up.'	Boys, boys.	It took a little longer last season for the old karting friends to sling so much mud in public.	We are only three races into a 19-round saga and the brickbats and mutual suspicions are already tumbling out.	It was easy to sympathise with Rosberg but difficult to agree with him.	Even though he was somewhat stronger here than during the opening two race weekends, he must be reaching his wits' end, frustrated to distraction, wondering how on earth he can possibly beat Hamilton when he is on form.	It seems, to this cod psychologist, that it was Rosberg's deep exasperation that led him to behave as he did.	Niki Lauda, the Mercedes chairman, came to his not guilty verdict immediately after the race.	'We have first and second,' said the three-time world champion.	Hamilton salutes the crowd as he makes his way on to the podium to collect his trophy for winning the Chinese Grand Prix.	Daniel Ricciardo (left) and Daniil Kvyat battle for position on track - the latter was forced to retire after an engine failure.	Hamilton is covered in champagne by Rosberg as the Mercedes pair celebrate a one-two finish.	'I do n't care if there is a quarrel, as long as Vettel is only third.	One thing is clear: Lewis had pole and controlled the race from beginning to the end.	There's nothing more to say.	True, Lewis will drive selfishly.	These guys are egocentric b ****** s.	It is the only way to win the championship, and Nico is the same if the s *** hits the fan.	Lewis was better this weekend.	'There is no friendship out there.	When you race you have to fight, that's it.'	For Hamilton it was a fourth victory at this extravagant confection of a track, the circuit where he suffered one of the blackest moments of his rookie season, ending up in a gravel trap, his championship hopes devastated in 2007.	He again finished the race at a relatively low speed as marshals failed to clear Max Verstappen's crippled Toro Rosso.	The safety car came out.	Anti-climax though it was, a giant roar erupted from the 29,000-strong main grandstand as the chequered flag was waved for Hamilton.	He was congratulated over the radio for having'the full house': pole, fastest lap and race win.	It was a flawless performance.	The race posed many tantalising questions.	The first was whether Ferrari could match Mercedes in the temperate Shanghai climate, as they managed in Malaysia a fortnight ago?	They were some way off in the end but clearly close enough to spook Rosberg.	They will keep Mercedes on their toes, and that is balm for the sport.	Hamilton takes great pleasure in spraying champagne over a grid girl as he celebrates his victory at the Shanghai International Circuit.	Rosberg appeared glum on the podium after losing out to team-mate Hamilton at the third consecutive race.	Hamilton, who has provided emphatic answers to every question asked of him since taking last year's title, made the perfect start.	He inclined his car right on the grid, covering Rosberg next to him, before darting through the first, right-hand corner in front.	Contest over before it started.	An honourable mention for 17-year-old Verstappen, who drove his Toro Rosso with great elan.	He put his car down the inside of Marcus Ericsson's Sauber, causing Max's father and former racer Jos to exhale in relief as he watched the dangerous move from the garage.	He then applauded in admiration.	Alas, Verstappen's engine gave up on him and he left his machine parked on the start-finish straight.	Red Bull's woes continued with Daniil Kvyat's Renault engine billowing grey smoke into the Shanghai air.	Their other car, driven by Daniel Ricciardo, was ninth.	McLaren were even less successful than Red Bull, again.	Jenson Button was demoted a place to 14th, having collided with Pastor Maldonado's Lotus.	Button's team-mate Fernando Alonso was 12th after being lapped by Vettel, his replacement at Ferrari.	Vettel was smiling afterwards, but not as widely as Hamilton.	Max Verstappen starred once more following a number of thrilling passes, but he failed to make it to the end of the race after his engine expired.	Jenson Button, who finished 13th, was involved in a collision with Pastor Maldonado towards the end of the race.
Chelsea will face Paris Saint-Germain, the French team who knocked Jose Mourinho's side out of the Champions League this season, in a pre-season friendly in July.	The Blues, who were sent crashing out on away goals at the last-16 stage following a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge, will play PSG in North Carolina on July 25.	It is one of three games Mourinho's side will feature in across the pond as they gear up to defend a probable Premier League title.	John Terry leads the celebrations as Chelsea close in on the Premier League title with a 0-0 draw at Arsenal.	Eden Hazard, the PFA Player of the Year, will line-up for Chelsea when they travel to the USA in the summer.	New York Red Bulls - July 22 - New Jersey.	Paris Saint-Germain - July 25 - Charlotte, North Carolina.	Barcelona - July 28 - Washington D.C. Fiorentina - August 5 - Stamford Bridge.	Chelsea, 10 points ahead of Arsenal with just four games to play, will also face the New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Spanish giants Barcelona six days later in Washington.	Chelsea fans will then get to see their side before the Premier League campaign kicks-off with a friendly against Fiorentina at Stamford Bridge on August 5.	All four matches mark Chelsea's participation in this summer's pre-season International Champions Cup with Manchester United, who Mourinho's side will not face, LA Galaxy, Porto and San Jose Earthquakes also involved.	'I'm pleased we are able to announce our fixtures for what promises to be an exciting summer,' said Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck.	'As promised, we face some excellent opposition across several iconic venues in the United States and to top it off we are delighted to be hosting Fiorentina at Stamford Bridge in front of our loyal fans.	'The tour allows us to prepare fully for the 2015/16 campaign, and I am also pleased to confirm we will be continuing the important work of the Chelsea Foundation during the trip.'	United reached the final of the 2014 International Champions Cup, beating Liverpool 3-1 in Miami, but had travelled about 13,500 miles during the two-and-a-half week tournament.	They played LA Galaxy, Roma, Inter Milan and Real Madrid before the final, with 109,318 fans packed inside of The Big House to witness their 3-1 win against the Spanish giants in Michigan.
STYLE OVER SUBSTANCE.	This game is being billed as Beauty v the Beast, but do n't underestimate Arsene Wenger.	It's not just about style -- he plays to win.	The philosophy Wenger has imposed has made Arsenal popular throughout the world.	People love to watch them, certainly more than Jose Mourinho's teams.	But on Sunday, he is up against the ultimate pragmatist -- Mourinho finds any way to win.	Chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with Arsenal, keeping four clean sheets in the process.	Mourinho does exactly what's necessary.	So while Wenger always aims to win, he still cares about the brand of football played.	Mourinho's brand is winning.	Arsene Wenger (left) pushed Jose Mourinho when Chelsea beat Arsenal 6-0 at Stamford Bridge last season.	Wenger can not be underestimated, according to Martin Keown... it's not all about style, he plays to win.	TALKING TACTICS.	Arsenal should dominate possession while Chelsea are more likely to sit deep and use the electric pace of Eden Hazard and Willian on the break.	Chelsea will be very disciplined and in some ways that is a shame because the players are n't allowed to express themselves as they might.	In the reverse fixture in October, Chelsea pressed Arsenal all over and Wenger's side were stifled -- they did not get a shot on target for the first time in a Premier League match since 2003.	Jose creates such an intensity and focus that winning becomes a matter of life and death.	But Arsenal will send waves of players forward at pace and try to isolate Branislav Ivanovic, Gary Cahill and John Terry, who are not the quickest.	Keown (right) and Wenger go back a long way, after Keown's two stints at Arsenal during his career.	Chelsea boss Mourinho always finds a way to win and has a brilliant record against Wenger.	CHANGE THE RECORD.	Mourinho's record over Wenger is remarkable.	Not many managers can say they have never lost to Arsene Wenger.	Jose feels he knows Wenger's game and the Arsenal boss ca n't surprise him.	I'd be amazed if Chelsea go all out to attack, but they will still pack a punch on the break.	FLAVOUR OF THE MONTH.	Jose wants to win every trophy going but he has a poor record in the Premier League Manager of the Month award.	He has only won it three times, the same as Alan Curbishley and one fewer than Joe Kinnear.	Wenger has won it 14 times.	THE CESC DIFFERENCE.	Cesc Fabregas has enjoyed a brilliant season at Chelsea but I do n't think he would have necessarily benefited Arsenal had he joined.	That central midfield area is very congested and he would have halted Aaron Ramsey's progress.	But one thing is certain on Sunday -- he wo n't receive a warm welcome.	Mourinho has a poor Premier League Manager of the Month record ; he has won as many as Alan Curbishley.	Cesc Fabregas has been impressive this season, but he would n't necessarily have been as good with Arsenal.
On Sunday night, at the Stade Velodrome, it's the Dockers against the Dauphins.	The Stevedores against the Stéphanes.	Marseille vs Paris Saint-Germain -- the hard-nosed, port-city, blue-collar roustabouts against the rich, privileged, capital-city-slickers.	Or at least, that's the way many want it portrayed.	The way many in Marseille have always viewed it -- and always will.	The home side are Ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of France's last eight Classique matches.	Paris Saint-Germain forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic controls the ball during their training session.	PSG defender David Luiz, formerly of Chelsea, pictured ahead of their clash with French rivals Marseille.	Lucas Moura runs during training as PSG prepare to meet Merseille on Sunday night in Ligue 1.	The fixture between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags PSG guarantees ferocity on Sunday night.	Even if the title were not so finely balanced, this fixture guarantees ferocity.	Culturally, socially and historically, there is deep enmity.	But it is also a contest which pitches Marseille's ultra-eccentric,'is he a fraud/is he a genius?'	coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be.	Bear with me, we'll return to that thought.	So obsessive has Bielsa been about football for so long that it has devoured him.	The man who took 7,000 videos of matches, goals, players, free-kicks, corners and penalties with him to Japan as coach of Argentina at the 2002 World Cup (his team were knocked out in the first round) has reached a stage whereby no matter how well he instructs, no matter how much sagacity there is in that strange old head of his bursting to get out, the damage inflicted by his relentless intensity makes the experience pyrrhic.	However, in fairness, pyrrhic does mean victory -- just at too great a cost.	Ergo, there has thus far been some success for the man who appointed him -- Marseille president Vincent Labrune.	Initially, he reckoned:'Getting Marcelo, the perfect man for our project, was a huge stroke of luck.	'I still sometimes ask myself how on earth we managed to get a coach like Bielsa.	It's a bit like signing Lionel Messi for 12 months...' The sentiment lasted until the Argentine savaged Labrune for his work in the late summer transfer market.	Publicly savaged him.	With some justification, it must be said.	Marseille manager Marcelo Bielsa pictured during a press conference on Friday ahead of the tie.	Marseille have not had this many points in Ligue 1 at this stage since winning the title back in 2010.	The two men thrashed out a truce, which has held, in public at least, and that has yielded more of the'Ready Brek' glow which can envelop the early stages of a Bielsa infestation.	Marseille have not had this many points at this stage since winning the title back in 2010 -- only their second major trophy since 1992.	In terms of firepower and value for money, they have scored 21 and 26 goals more than the last two seasons respectively.	At the volatile, passionate, but success-starved Velodrome, the fans sing songs about Argentina and chant Bielsa's name.	In a blue-collar city where nobody says'please','thank you' or'after you', the paying punter loves to hear stories of the players sweating, hard, for their salaries.	Yet the usual problems prevail.	Bielsa's deal is for two years, but a'break' clause is available to either side in June.	He wo n't even hint whether he's going or staying.	There are leaks that some players are exhausted.	Bielsa's bible says, literally:'Running is commitment, running is understanding, running is everything'.	At Athletic Bilbao, I know for a fact players still think he made them run through minor injuries, damaging their performances.	Javi Martínez, if you got him to tell you the truth, left for Bayern, in part, to get away from the guy.	Bielsa's is the Forrest Gump method.	Bielsa pictured during the 2002 World Cup in Japan as Argentina competed in Group F.	Bielsa took 7,000 videos of matches, goals, players, free-kicks, corners and penalties with him to Japan.	After his first season with the Basques ended in sequential 3-0 defeats in the Europa League and Copa del Rey finals, he tried a'But Brutus is an honourable man' speech on his players.	In his 10-minute monologue he repeated his'full responsibility' but basically accused his squad of being cowardly, overpaid, shirkers who had bungled a chance of glory and betrayed the fans.	Someone in the dressing room recorded the fork-tongued diatribe and made the audio public.	The ultimate betrayal, but caused by disengagement with the Argentine.	The plus-side -- as with the Athletic team which wowed Europe en route to dismantling Manchester United in 2013 -- is that when his fanatical methods impact on his players and temporarily makes them super-fit, his teams can thrill.	The down-side is the law of diminishing returns.	Something the local media understand far more quickly than anyone else.	A couple of weeks ago, after a run of poor results, he lectured them.	'It's completely clear that you've got it all wrong,' he accused.	'In the first part of the season, when we were winning, I was "immense" and the whole of French football should "adopt my methods".	Now you say the opposite.	Bielsa's bible states:'Running is commitment, running is understanding, running is everything''It's what has happened to me for the last 30 years.	In negative moments everyone abandons you.	'In life we are attracted by what smells good and we flee from what smells bad.	Success improves your aroma and defeat gives you an odour.	Nobody, nobody, will accompany you to gaining success but everyone will flock to you to share your success once it's gained.'	The latter part of which should n't, really, have appealed to his players.	They won the next match 6-1 at Toulouse.	PSG are a different matter.	But to return to the original idea, this is where'El Loco' yearns to be.	Nelson Vivas recalls that when Bielsa's Argentina were playing Colombia away, he came in from the warm-up and told them:'In a street fight, there are two kinds of guy.	The one who strikes, sees blood, is repelled and recoils.	Then there's one who sees blood and goes all-in to finish off the other.	Well lads... I swear I smell blood in the air out there.'	So of what will Bielsa smell on Sunday night?	Success?	Failure?	Blood?
It's Hot or Not time again as Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week and what's been leaving him cold inside.	Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite their advancing years but what is the point of Formula One?	HOT.	FC PORTO.	Bored of flags on seats?	Try capes on seats.	The Portuguese club's slaying of Bayern Munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white.	Does this mean that the visitors' lumbering defender Dante became the first footballer ever to'lose the ball in the background'?	Porto's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white as their side stunned Bayern in the Champions League.	SHIVNARINE CHANDERPAUL.	The West Indies batsman is a throwback to when Test cricket was true to its roots.	Slow and boring.	But the 40-year-old's longevity is staggering.	More than 21 years he has been at it.	When he started, Test matches still had rest days.	Now that only happens when England play Australia.	West Indies' Shivnarine Chanderpaul may be slow and boring but he is still going strong at 40.	STEVE DAVIS.	Only the truest sportsmen keep going when nobody else cares.	Last week the six-times World snooker champion, now 57, played a qualifying match at a swimming venue in Sheffield.	He lost 10-1.	There is something mildly heroic about that.	I think.	Steve Davis failed in his bid to qualify for the World Championships at the age of 57.	MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL.	If Match of the Day remains our go-to for weekly football then it now has serious competition.	Neville, Carragher and Co have taken analysis to such a level that, on more occasion than one recently, the chat has been a darn sight better than the football.	Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville's analysis is often a better watch than the game they're commenting on.	NOT.	THE GRAND NATIONAL.	It remains hypnotic viewing but when winning trainer Oliver Sherwood says:'I'm just glad the horse came back in one piece' does that not beg a very obvious question?	Crabbie's Grand National winner Many Clouds and owner Trevor Hemmings with trainer Oliver Sherwood.	FORMULA ONE.	Watching a sport where only two or three can win has always struck me as rather pointless.	Rather like watching football in Scotland.	Now it turns out Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg ca n't even decide how fast to drive.	At least Hunt and Lauda had personalities.	Mercedes team-mates Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have been at loggerheads this season.	ALASTAIR COOK.	The England skipper has always struck me as a fine batsmen and a poor leader.	Now his bad form has continued after tips from Graham Gooch, the man he sacked from the England set-up last year.	Are you thinking what I am thinking?	Alastair Cook's struggles with the bat have continued in England's first Test against the West Indies.	JURGEN KLOPP.	Much interest in his decision to leave Borussia Dortmund but Klopp may find his mobile does n't ring quite as hot from the game's biggest clubs as he thinks.	Proof once again that, if you are going to walk then do it when the team is winning.	Jurgen Klopp announced this week that he would leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
It's Hot or Not time again as Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week and what's been leaving him cold inside.	Italians embrace the Cricket World Cup (yes, really), a Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies.	HOT.	CRICKET WORLD CUP.	A spellbinding tournament that reached in to places we could n't have imagined, last weekend's Gazzetta dello Sport magazine in Italy even carried a centre spread photograph of Australia's David Warner.	Imagine how good the whole thing would have been had England been playing.	From Melbourne to Milan... they all knew about Australia's triumph in the Cricket World Cup.	COLIN GRAVES.	Much disdain from the establishment for the new ECB chief's talk of four-day Test matches but at least he's thinking.	If the long format of the game is n't quite dying then it's certainly withering.	The future of Test cricket could be in line for a change now Colin Graves is the new ECB chief.	TRACEY NEVILLE.	It's tough to dedicate a life to sport when you know that the world is n't really watching but Neville's appointment as England netball coach follows an 81-cap international career, five years of domestic coaching and the establishment of an academy.	The Nevilles, still busy.	Tracey Neville has played and worked her way to the very top of her sport and is now in charge of England.	KEVIN SINFIELD.	The Leeds Rhinos half-back has all his dental work done without anaesthetic'because it's quicker' but he may find his late career switch from League to Union a rather more taxing challenge.	Many -- on both sides of the divide -- will hope he fails but the chances are that he wo n't.	It's all change for Kevin Sinfield as he switches codes from League to Union.	NOT.	ROBERTO MANCINI.	His Inter team sit ninth in that forgotten small-time squabble that is Serie A and the Italian press have called for Mancini to destroy his squad and rebuild it.	'Yaya Toure will be the first piece in the new Inter Frankenstein', predicted Gazetta.	The monster will need cake, though.	This better be good, Roberto!	Mancini's Inter Milan are way off the pace in Serie A.	RICKIE LAMBERT.	Liverpool have injury problems up front but a certainty is that Lambert will not play at Arsenal.	Lambert's move to his boyhood club has ruined him and if Brendan Rodgers had no intention of devising a Plan B at Anfield, why on earth did he buy him?	This goal against Aston Villa was one of only three Rickie Lambert has scored for Liverpool this season.	Lambert celebrates after scoring during Liverpool's victory at Villa Park in January.	PHIL JONES.	Further evidence that moving to a big club does n't always work, Jones needs to improve quickly at Manchester United.	It would, however, help if Louis van Gaal could become the first Old Trafford manager of three to decide where exactly he wishes to play him.	Phil Jones (left) was on England duty this week but it's back to the day job with Manchester United.	BUTCH HARMON.	The esteemed US coach wants client Rickie Fowler to become'nasty' in order to break his major duck at the US Masters this week, which is odd given that his most successful current student -- Phil Mickleson -- has won three Green Jackets by being exactly the opposite.	Rickie Fowler will bid to break his major duck next week but is it really time to turn into Mr Nasty?
'You're getting the hang of this commentary lark,' cooed Martin Tyler during Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby.	Tyler was, of course, one half of the commentary team that was once seen as being the best of the bunch.	That other half back then being his old partner Andy Gray.	Nowadays, the man in the gantry alongside him is Gary Neville.	And it was his zinger after United's fourth goal --'Smalling has scored.	It's a mauling for City' -- that got the veteran lip mic man reaching for the platitudes.	And perhaps cementing the new best partnership in the process?	I'm not sure if Neville actually carries his recently won Royal Television Society Pundit of the Year award around with him?	He could probably just about squeeze the perspex trophy into his inside jacket pocket if he really fancied it, but I doubt he would because I think one thing you could never accuse Neville of being is one of the extroverts among the current batch of experts.	Gary Neville in the Sky Sports studio after co-commentating with Martin Tyler for the Manchester derby.	Chris Smalling is pictured scoring for Manchester United as City goalkeeper Joe Hart sees it go in.	United defender Smalling was an unlikely goalscorer against City and Neville had a zinger to match it.	Co-commentator Neville analysed the goal by saying:'Smalling has scored.	It's a mauling for City' Nevertheless, on his return to his old stamping ground with that new title attached, it was good to see him to turn it on even just a bit.	And put in a performance that fitted both his newly anointed status and the magnitude of the occasion.	Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go.	'We've got a proper game of football here,' he extolled early on, almost licking his lips at the prospect.	He was also quick to point out what he saw as the'graveyard' of City's right-hand side as United punished them time and time again along the hosts' attacking left.	The razor-edged corner of tongue was saved not exclusively, but certainly frequently for Yaya Toure's performance.	Time and time again Gary found himself talking about the various patches of grass in which he felt Yaya should be but very rarely was.	And when co-commentator Tyler did observe that he could see Toure finally picking up his man, Neville snorted his retort.	'That's nice of him.'	He was in equally abrupt mood after the game when he joined Niall Quinn and Graeme Souness for what was a really sharp, incisive and no-holds-barred post-match discussion.	Time and time again Neville found himself analysing Yaya Toure's poor performance for City.	Toure could do little for City as they suffered a 4-2 defeat by their great rivals United at Old Trafford.	Neville (right) and Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher form a dynamic Monday Night Football duo.	Here Toure carried on getting it from Gary - who referred to the'dereliction of duty' in his performance before adding that Yaya's recent form was:'Not a conundrum anymore.	He can not do his job.	Simple as that.'	What's more, he was equally gobsmacked by Yaya's team-mates' lack of urgency when Aguero scored a late second.'	I ca n't quite work out whether to get a little bit wound up by this?	I'm looking at their reaction.	Is that right?'	he asked.	However, let's not assume this criticism is all because Gary is simply red.	On discussing City's immediate Financial Fair Play-affected future, he made it quite clear where he stands.	'I'm a Manchester United fan,' he pointed out, pointlessly.	'But the last thing I want to see is Manchester City dip back down again to the second or third division because they ca n't challenge because there's some restrictive rule in place.	'We do n't want a Real Madrid-Barcelona.	We want competition.'	Neville was damning in his analysis of City and freely admits he is a United fan after his years of service.	Neville was gobsmacked by the City players' lack of urgency when Sergio Aguero (above) scored a second.	This turned out to be not only the right moment, but also the right kind of game to make that point.	Early in the coverage, host Ed Chamberlain told us'the eyes of the football world' were watching.	Over shots of a touchline teeming with camera crews, he went on to inform us there were'22 broadcasters here' and that the game was'being beamed to over 100.'	Sky Sports then went on to present those broadcasters with exemplary game coverage coupled with some lovely vignettes of the occasion.	As well as a close up of the deep set, brooding eyes of Manuel Pellegrini that may haunt me for a fortnight.	All in all, it was great coverage of a great game in a genuinely great league.	As confirmed by a ton of countries, and Manchester's own Gary Neville.
So who will be voted PFA Player of the Year?	Eden Hazard is the hot favourite but whoever wins will have plenty of tactical voting to thank.	I'm sure Hazard and the other leading contenders -- in my mind David de Gea and Harry Kane -- will benefit from their team-mates being careful with who they vote for.	John Terry recently revealed he had chosen Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho -- who has been very good but not great -- as his nomination.	There's no way Terry can seriously believe Coutinho has been better than De Gea and Kane this season!	There is more to it than meets the eye.	John, I am almost certain, will have gone around Chelsea's dressing room when the ballot papers came in and told the squad -- given that you can not choose one of your team-mates -- under no circumstances should they vote for De Gea or Kane, who are Hazard's biggest challengers.	I'm sure the same happened in the Spurs and United dressing rooms.	Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is among the front runners to win the PFA Player of the Year award this season.	The Belgium international has been in superb form for Jose Mourinho's side as they look set to win the title.	Hazard will have to beat off competition from Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea.	Harry Kane is another of the favourites to pick up the individual gong after his heroics for Tottenham.	How do I know?	I did exactly the same thing in 2006 when Steven Gerrard won!	I was Liverpool's PFA representative back then and I made it clear that, for Stevie to win, nobody should vote for Thierry Henry or Frank Lampard!	You might think that's unfair but it is the same in every dressing room.	The voting is, of course, already done but Hazard and De Gea come up against each other on Saturday and will both be eager to show that they should be regarded as the season's standout performer.	United are flying and the reason they are in this position is down to De Gea.	He has come of age during the past two years and his performances in the first half of the campaign gave them a platform to build from.	He is now in the top three goalkeepers in the world -- when he arrived he was n't even in the top three in the Premier League.	He will probably be the club's player of the year again and that is as big an achievement as being up for the PFA award.	The first time I played against him, he looked like a kid who had been pulled out of the youth ranks.	He had no physical presence and it was something Liverpool looked to exploit during an FA Cup tie in January 2012.	Jamie Carragher says Chelsea captain John Terry will have told his squad not to vote for Kane or De Gea to give Hazard a better chance of winning the award.	Chelsea captain Terry revealed his vote for PFA Player of the Year was Philippe Coutinho.	Carragher believes De Gea is one of the main reasons United are enjoying such a successful run.	De Gea endured a difficult start to his United career as he struggled with physicality of the Premier League.	Eden Hazard - Chelsea.	Diego Costa - Chelsea.	Harry Kane - Tottenham Hotspur.	Alexis Sanchez - Arsenal.	David de Gea - Manchester United.	Philippe Coutinho - Liverpool.	Daniel Agger scored a header to put us 1-0 up but his task was made easier because we crowded De Gea out and he simply did n't have the power or the confidence to barge his way through a crowd of bodies.	That is not something you could say about him now.	But as good as he has been, I feel De Gea will miss out on becoming the first goalkeeper to win PFA Player of the Year since Pat Jennings in 1976.	First, I think it helps if the winner comes from a team that are on course to win a trophy.	Barring an unforeseen blip, Chelsea will win the title and that is why, if I was still playing, my vote would have gone to Hazard.	He, simply, has been the best player in the best team.	People may say'what about Luis Suarez, Gareth Bale and Robin van Persie?'	-- the last three men to lift the PFA crown -- but the consistency and quality of their performances meant they were impossible to ignore.	Hazard's Chelsea team-mate Diego Costa has also been nominated for the award after netting 19 league goals.	Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez makes the six-man shortlist after an impressive debut season in England.	Terry voted for Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho, who completes the six-man shortlist.	The PFA Young Player of the Year nominations are:.	Eden Hazard - Chelsea.	Harry Kane - Tottenham Hotspur.	Philippe Coutinho - Liverpool.	Raheem Sterling - Liverpool.	David de Gea - Manchester United.	Thibaut Courtois - Chelsea.	I mentioned Terry will have been influential in the Chelsea dressing room when it came to voting.	But on a serious note about him, I am very surprised that he is not on the shortlist.	I would go as far to say that if Chelsea should have two contenders, it should be Hazard and their captain, both of whom have started all 31 league matches -- not Diego Costa.	I'm not saying Costa has n't been good but has he done more to influence Chelsea's play than Terry?	I'm not sure.	John is still the best defender in the country and the heartbeat of his team.	Is he playing better than he was five or six years ago?	No.	But he does n't allow his standard to drop.	Put it another way -- if he and Costa were absent for a game of great importance, I know who they would miss more.	You could say something similar about Kane.	His goals have helped Tottenham collect 21 points they might have gone without.	He was at his peak when voting started and I'd be surprised if he does n't win the Young Player award.	Terry has been as influential as ever for Chelsea this season and deserved a nomination ahead of Diego Costa, according to Carragher.	Luis Suarez won the award in 2014 and Hazard picked up the Young Player of the Year award.	One thing I can not help feeling, however, is that the nominations show that this campaign has been anything but a classic.	How can the same four players be up for both the PFA and Young Player award?	Hazard wo n't win the award by default but he certainly has n't got a highlights reel to match Suarez, Van Persie or Bale.	It is interesting to see how Hazard measures up with Bale, who is getting criticism in Spain for not making a big enough impact at Real Madrid, yet after 27 games in La Liga he has scored 13 goals and made seven assists.	Hazard, by contrast, has 12 goals in the Premier League -- three of which have been penalties -- and has eight assists.	There is n't a great difference in the numbers.	But only one of them is anywhere close to being voted player of the year in their league.	That shows us it has n't been a vintage season.	Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale has 13 goals and seven assists compared to Hazard's 12 goals and eight assists, but is receiving criticism in Spain.	Our league needs top-class defenders.	The game of the week in the Champions League came when Madrid's finest sides went to war at the Vicente Calderon.	I have heard it said that the 0-0 draw was boring and the lack of goals made it dull but, in my view, nothing could have been further from the truth.	It was an absorbing contest, as good a 0-0 as you could wish to see, and it showed why English clubs are struggling to make an impact in the competition.	There will be a clamour this summer for our top sides to buy more and more exciting, attacking players but the displays of Atletico pair Miranda and Diego Godin and Real's Sergio Ramos and Raphael Varane showed the kind of additions we should be making.	Atletico's Diego Godin closes in on Real Madrid's Bale during the pulsating 0-0 draw in the Champions League.	Atletico defender Miranda challenges James Rodriguez as neither side managed to breach the other's defence.	Ramos gets criticised in England for at times being rash but he is a top-class defender -- Xabi Alonso emphasised that point on these pages when we spoke last November -- and has been at the top for years, while Varane is a Rolls-Royce who could become the best in the world.	Miranda has attracted the attention of Chelsea and Manchester United and it is easy to see why, but my favourite is Godin, a player who would have no qualms about tackling his grandmother to keep a clean sheet.	He plays with that pure South American grit and steel.	English clubs simply do n't have defenders who are willing to do that, perhaps with the exception of John Terry, and the statistics from our representatives in the Champions League this season prove that point emphatically.	Liverpool, for instance, never kept a clean sheet in six matches in the group stages.	Yes, they were in the same group as Real Madrid but failing to shut out FC Ludogorets and Basel over four matches was the reason they fell at the first hurdle.	Former Liverpool man Carragher says Spain international Sergio Ramos is a top-class defender.	Carragher says nothing would excite him more than the arrival of Raphael Varane or Godin to England.	In the last 16, meanwhile, the numbers were just as damning.	Chelsea could n't contain Paris Saint-Germain over two matches, conceding at both the Parc des Princes and Stamford Bridge, while Manchester City were easily breached twice by Barcelona when tumbling out.	Arsenal did keep a clean sheet in Monaco but by then the damage had been done.	How could they expect to progress after letting three in at the Emirates?	The tie was effectively finished by their inability to keep the back door closed at home.	When English clubs thrived in Europe between 2005-2009, it was because we were defensively solid.	The Champions League is the best competition with the best players, so scoring goals should n't be easy.	With the new television deal about to kick in, we are going to hear stories about Gareth Bale returning and bids lined up for Paul Pogba and Marco Reus.	Of course, they would be welcome additions.	Nothing, though, would excite me more than the arrival of Varane or Godin.	Chelsea failed to stop PSG scoring in either leg of their Champions League last-16 tie last month.	Manchester City's backline was easily breached by Barcelona in their Champions League contest too.
So it seems you are either with me or firmly against me: there does n't appear to be a middle ground after my comments about Tim Krul.	It is a week since I criticised Newcastle United's goalkeeper for appearing to congratulate Jermain Defoe at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby after the Sunderland striker beat him with a brilliant volley.	I'm still struggling to work out why Krul did what he did.	I have nothing against Krul, personally or professionally.	He's been one of the few players who have performed consistently for Newcastle in recent seasons, which led to him being part of Holland's World Cup squad last summer.	Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.	Krul smiles at Defoe shortly after the striker's goal gave the Black Cats the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby.	Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his half-time actions while speaking on Sky Sports.	But coming together with an opponent and smiling after he's scored against you in a match of such importance?	No, I'm sorry.	I ca n't understand why any player would feel the need to do that.	At the end of the game?	That's not an issue -- there is no more appropriate place for sportsmanship.	Think about the iconic image of Pele and Bobby Moore swapping shirts after Brazil had beaten England 1-0 at the 1970 World Cup or how two boxers will embrace after they have gone the distance -- that is fantastic to see.	When Liverpool beat Chelsea in the 2005 Champions League semi-final at Anfield, the first thing I did at the final whistle was go over to see John Terry to offer my respects for how well he'd played over the two legs.	Would I have told him that at half-time with the game in the balance?	No chance!	We were talking about this subject at Sky on Monday morning.	I bumped into former England rugby centre Will Greenwood and he told me a story about the end of the Rugby World Cup final in 2003, when Australia's Elton Flatley scored a penalty with the last kick to take the game into extra-time.	Pele (left) and Bobby Moore hug and swap shirts after the 1970 World Cup match between Brazil and England.	Elton Flatley (left) levels the 2003 Rugby World Cup final with the last kick of normal time.	Luis Garcia celebrates his winner for Liverpool against Chelsea in the 2005 Champions League semi-finals.	Will said he went up to Flatley after that successful conversion and said to him:'Well done -- you've got balls as big as houses for that.'	That is great sportsmanship but I'm not sure I could have done the same if I'd seen the World Cup ripped out of my hands.	Andrew Flintoff, who famously went to console Brett Lee at the end of an Ashes Test in 2005, joined in the debate on Twitter.	He clearly felt I had been harsh on Krul and he told me cricketers applaud the opposition batsman when he passes 50 or 100, quite often with a handshake.	That's all well and good.	But will a batsman walk up to a bowler and pat him on the back after having his stumps uprooted?	We have never seen that happen nor are we likely to.	You do n't congratulate the opposition at a time when your team have been put on the back foot.	I carried that approach during my career.	There were more talented players than me but I had desire, focus and would never lose my intensity.	I never, for instance, ever considered shaking hands or hugging an opponent in the tunnel before a match.	The attitude stemmed from my childhood.	Growing up as an Evertonian, I would work myself into a frenzy in the week before a derby match.	I despised Liverpool then and I wanted the players who I supported to feel exactly the same way.	Andrew Flintoff (right) consoles Brett Lee after England beat Australia in the second Ashes Test in 2005.	Defoe (centre) shoots and scores the opening goal on Sunday at the Stadium of Light.	Defoe celebrates his strike which helped the Black Cats to victory in the Wear-Tyne derby.	If, then, I'd seen Neville Southall put an arm around Ian Rush's shoulder after he'd scored a goal, I'd have been devastated.	I took that approach when I ended up playing against Everton.	Put it this way -- I could n't have shared a joke with Tim Cahill if he'd scored 30 seconds before half-time like Defoe.	I appreciate some people reading this will feel it was extreme but that's how I operated.	Gary Neville has told me regularly that if I ever want to go into coaching or management, I will have to lower my tolerance levels since modern players are different and it is n't worth falling out with them over certain things.	I'm not saying my way is right or wrong but to be at my best I needed to be tense and wound up.	If I thought to myself I needed to say'Well done' to someone I was in direct competition with, I would n't have been thinking about winning the game in which I was involved.	That was n't me.	Gerard Houllier was a manager who held similar views.	He once saw one of our foreign players hugging an opponent in the tunnel before a game at Anfield and went berserk afterwards.	'I never want to see that again from any of you -- you are going to war with them,' he said.	'Save the hugging for in the bar afterwards.'	Carragher (left) argues with Gary Neville during a 2010 league match between Liverpool and United.	Liverpool manager Gerard Houllier holds the FA Cup aloft after winning the trophy in Cardiff in 2001.	Houllier even told us before the FA Cup final in 2001 that he did n't want us looking into the stand to see our families ; given that I grew up watching players make the long walk at Wembley while waving to the crowd, that was quite a statement.	But do you know something?	I loved that.	There is a time and a place for showing mutual respect and it is after the final whistle has gone and you are in the bar afterwards.	Before that, you have business to take care of and that should be the priority -- that's why I felt so strongly about Krul.	Others, of course, will take a different view and say I have been too harsh.	I respect that.	It does n't mean to say, though, that I can understand it.	Underdogs City need show of strength.	It is almost four years to the day since Manchester City struck a huge psychological blow in the battle to be top dogs in town.	On April 16, 2011, Yaya Toure's goal knocked Manchester United out of the FA Cup and set his club on a path of sustained success.	It says everything for what was achieved back then at Wembley that City won six of the eight derbies that followed.	Even when United won the title in 2013, there was a feeling that it was down to unrest behind the scenes with Roberto Mancini rather than the brilliance of Sir Alex Ferguson's squad.	Player for player, City's quality was superior to their old rivals.	Manchester City's Yaya Toure celebrates after scoring against United in the 2011 FA Cup semi-finals.	Vincent Kompany (centre) lifts the trophy after Manchester City won the Premier League in 2012.	There is a similar feel about Sunday's meeting at Old Trafford but this time City are vulnerable.	United, having won their last five Barclays Premier League fixtures, are firm favourites and will feel confident of finally ending their neighbours' title aspirations.	If Louis van Gaal's side win, the ramifications for City could be serious.	There is no doubt United will spend big again in the summer and, with the full implications of Financial Fair Play kicking in, they might be able to recruit the players that City need.	United will certainly fancy their chances but they should not take anything for granted.	When the teams come out, City will still have the best striker on show in Sergio Aguero, the best midfielder in Toure, the most creative talent in David Silva and the finest defender in Vincent Kompany.	Sergio Aguero (centre) in action for Manchester City against Crystal Palace on Monday night.	Wayne Rooney (right) on the ball as Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal takes training on Friday.	That quartet have not been at their best this season but, during the last four years, they have provided the best spine in the Premier League.	They are n't the problem at City -- it's the players around them who need to be improved.	If City want to send a message to United -- and for next season -- Aguero, Silva, Kompany and Toure will have to show what we know they are capable of.	Van Gaal is starting to put his stamp on United -- they have improved since the switch to 4-3-3 -- and has big ambitions.	City have relished having United in their shade.	To keep them there, they need a show of strength.
After a weekend when special goals were the norm in the Premier League, it's not an easy task to pick the best of the bunch.	From Jermain Defoe's match-winning volley in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday, to Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea on Saturday evening, there's plenty to choose from.	Here, Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend and explains why they've made his list.	5.	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) vs Liverpool.	I ca n't believe I have to make this goal No 5 in my list.	It just shows the calibre of the goals scored this weekend.	The Chilean took a brilliant first touch before spinning to lash it home and cap a fine Arsenal move -- and a breathless first half.	Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez puts the Gunners 3-0 up against Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.	The Chilean runs off to celebrate after beating Simon Mignolet from outside the Liverpool area.	Click here to see how Sportsmail rated the weekend's Premier League goals.	4.	Bobby Zamora (QPR) vs West Brom.	This was a beautiful, controlled finish from Bobby with the outside of his foot (right).	He showed incredible awareness to see the chance was on but was even quicker to sort out his feet and lift it over Boaz Myhill.	Like Defoe's, it was a hugely important goal for his team and part of a superb performance.	QPR's Bobby Zamora (left) gets in front of Joleon Lescott to score his side's third goal against West Brom.	Charlie Austin congratulates his strike partner on his goal during QPR's 4-1 victory at the Hawthorns.	3.	Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) vs Aston Villa.	Any other week and this would be being talked about in the same breath as Wayne's overhead kick against City.	To flick it up with one foot, pivot and then hit it with your other is as difficult a skill as you could wish to see, but he made it look effortless.	Wayne Rooney swivels to blast a right-footed shot into the top corner of Aston Villa's net on Saturday.	The Man United captain's effort flies past Nathan Baker (left) and Fabian Delph on its way towards goal.	2.	Jermain Defoe (Sunderland) vs Newcastle United.	To hit that kind of volley on your wrong foot shows unbelievable technique.	When the ball drops like that it's so hard to put the power in but keep control.	And the fact it was a vital derby winner is why I put it ahead of Wayne Rooney's.	Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe (left) smashes a volley into the top corner against Newcastle on Sunday.	Defoe celebrates his stunning goal which earned the Black Cats a valuable three points on Sunday.	1.	Charlie Adam (Stoke) vs Chelsea.	The best long-range strike I've ever seen.	He hit the ball so hard and from so far out -- it was an incredible goal.	He showed fantastic vision and imagination to pull it off and he left Thibaut Courtois in a heap.	It was a pleasure, too, to be able to cover it live on Saturday Night Football on Sky.	Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam lines up an audacious shot from 66 yards against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.	Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois watches as the ball goes over his head and into the back of the net.	Adam gets a hug from Glenn Whelan (left) and Stephen Ireland after making it 1-1 against the league leaders.
I spoke to Carl Froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next.	Needless to say, we were disappointed to see Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr lose at the weekend against Andrzej Fonfara.	It was n't a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of Froch and Chavez fighting in Las Vegas -- a fight Carl wanted.	Now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what Carl does next.	I have held talks with Gennady Golovkin's manager and there is also the possibility of Bernard Hopkins, but there are three fights coming up where the winner could work for Carl.	Carl Froch (left) has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May.	Froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now.	Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week.	There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline, Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell's IBF world title fight against James DeGale, which is the biggest bout of this trio.	Anthony Dirrell's people have already been in touch with me about a Froch fight in the event that he wins, but I wonder if it is big enough.	A fight against DeGale still feels to me like the most probable, if he comes through against Dirrell on May 23.	That is a huge fight, a proper 50-50, but I fully believe he can do it.	For me, from talking to Carl, I think he needs to fight again in 2015 if he is to ever return.	If does n't come back this year, I do n't think he will.	He has been a year out of the ring so let's see.	I know he is going to have an eagle eye on all these fights.	The possibility of him retiring is very high but he is still training hard.	He is walking around at 12st 7lbs and in the gym four to five days a week.	The guy has the hunger but it has to be for the right fight and the right money.	My belief is still that it might be DeGale.	DeGale has looked sensational in camp and is improving at a brilliant rate -- if he wins the title over in the US he will be in a great position.	I mentioned Golovkin before.	When I was on the phone to Carl he spent 20 minutes talking about the guy.	He is a fighter that absolutely fascinates him ; it's a fight that would get everyone talking.	I am looking at it.	It would have to be at 168lbs and it would be special.	I would n't want to be the one to find out how Golovkin punches at the weight but Carl has a sick mind like that.	I'm not going to rule that one out.	James DeGale (right) has now emerged as the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return.	Another option for Froch could be a rematch with Ward, should the American beat Paul Smith.	After a disappointing couple of weeks it seems that my hopes to stage Carl Frampton-Scott Quigg this summer are dead in the water.	We received no offers from their side and made three of our own -- we offered a 50-50 split, a 60-40 in favour of the winner and also a # 1.5 m guarantee to Frampton.	I sent that last offer in writing to them and had no response.	You ask yourself who is making these decisions?	It is life-changing money for Frampton that has been offered.	Let's hope they do n't spend the rest of their lives kicking themselves.	Scott will move on and fight on July 18.	I can guarantee that in his next fight he will fight a tougher opponent than Frampton will.	Scott Quigg (right, in action against Hidenori Othake) will fight on July 18 against an unnamed opponent.	Carl Frampton's team failed to make an offer to fight Quigg, according to his promoter Hearn.	Hearn went live on Sky Sports to offer Frampton and his team # 1.5 m to fight Quigg.	Anthony Joshua has been added to my May 9 show in Birmingham, where he will fight Rafael Zumbano Love, the South American champion.	He is 6ft 4ins and this will be a good test for Anthony against a big man before he then has his 02 fight against Kevin Johnson on May 30.	We are keeping him busy, which is what he wants.	I saw him in the gym this week and he is looking awesome.	After the Johnson fight he will be out again on July 18 in Manchester and then in September in a big fight.	Watch this space.	Anthony Joshua (left) beat Jason Gavern (right) last time out and will now face Rafael Zumbano Love.
It's been a frustrating few weeks but at our end we are trying everything we can to make the fight that everyone in this country wants to see -- Scott Quigg against Carl Frampton.	You'll have seen by now that we have offered Frampton # 1.5 million for the fight -- all he has to do is turn up, we will take all the risks.	If there's more we can do to make this fight happen then I do n't know what it is.	Now it is up to Frampton and his people to decide if they really want it.	If they do, cash the cheque and come to the Manchester Arena on July 18.	Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him # 1.5 million to do so on July 18.	Promoter Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for # 1.5 m live on television on Tuesday.	I hope they do because I really ca n't understand what is stopping them.	All the risk is on our side.	I have fronted up this money and Scott is the one who might earn less.	If this only generates average pay-per-view numbers then he might only make a third of what Frampton is getting.	Personally, I think it will do big numbers and then Scott will probably get about the same as Frampton.	It was interesting to see the Cyclone (Frampton's promoters) statement shortly after.	They said this fight can only happen if they are co-promoters.	Why, if we are the ones putting the money up?	If it matters that much to them to have their name on the poster or Michael Buffer read their name out before the fight then I do n't have a problem with that either.	The fact is it's not about Cyclone or Matchroom, it's about Scott Quigg and Carl Frampton.	Frampton made the first defence of his world title against Chris Avalos in February.	In any case, Scott will fight on July 18 at Manchester Arena.	I have held talks with both Nonito Donaire, the Filipino sensation, and Kiko Martinez.	Both are former world champions and both are brilliant fights.	Scott has options but he knows the biggest fight in the super-bantamweight division is a unification against Frampton.	That is why we are busting a gut to make it happen.	Now the ball is in Frampton's court.	It is looking very likely at the moment that Kell Brook will fight on my May 30 card at the O2 Arena.	With Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby fighting for world titles and Anthony Joshua taking on Kevin Johnson, the addition of Kell will make this one of the very best cards this country has seen in years.	Many have called for a fight between the IBF's No 5 ranked fighter Frankie Gavin to face Kell.	I can tell you it is a fight that we are considering very closely.	Kell Brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring with an appearance on May 30 at the O2 Arena.	It's been an interesting few months for Frankie.	In November he won the British and Commonwealth titles against Bradley Skeete and now his options look like a fight for the IBF international title against Chris van Heerden, an IBF title eliminator against Timothy Bradley, or a straight fight against the holder, who happens to be Kell.	As his promoter, I ca n't see the merit in him going to America to fight Bradley if Kell is an option on May 30.	And believe me, it is an option we are looking at closely.	Frankie Gavin could challenge Brook for his world title in London in an all-British showdown.	The public, more than anything, like an all-British fight.	And every 10 minutes since we signed Frankie he has been asking for a fight with Kell.	As Kell says, it is nice to see a British fighter with the balls to fight him.	Josh Warrington is in action in Leeds this weekend.	The unbeaten Leeds featherweight is up against Dennis Tubieron for the vacant WBC international title and it is his first real step towards a world title.	This kid is brilliant inside and out of the ring.	One of the highlights of my job has been watching him and Lee Selby moving towards each other.	If Selby wins the world title against Evgeny Gradovich on May 30, as I believe he will, then the stage will be set for a huge world title fight between Selby and Warrington in 2016.	Josh Warrington bids to continue his rise when he takes on Dennis Tubieron in Leeds on Saturday.	Anthony Joshua marches on.	He destroyed Jason Gavern on Saturday, making it 11 fights, 11 wins and 11 knockouts.	Considering he has endured a lengthy lay-off with a stress fracture in his back, I could not have been happier.	People have questioned the opponent but Gavern is a guy who went four rounds with Deontay Wilder in his 32nd fight last year.	That is not to make a comparison with Joshua and Wilder, but more to show that in beating Gavern in three rounds there should not be any doubts about what was a worrying injury.	Anthony Joshua made it 11 stoppage wins from as many fights when he beat Jason Gavern in Newcastle.	Joshua is likely to fight in Birmingham on May 9 before taking on Kevin Johnson three weeks later.	We will now carry on full speed with a guy who I am convinced will soon be a world champion.	I am looking to get him out again on May 9 in Birmingham and should have more information on that soon.	Then he will face Kevin Johnson at the O2 Arena on May 30 and from there we are looking at the likes of Dillian Whyte, Dereck Chisora and David Price.	Beyond that you have Tyson Fury and David Haye.	I'd expect those fights to be ticked off in the next 12 months.	People want to see him fight the best now.	But this is a process and we have a plan.	The huge fights are coming up and I'd back him to look absolutely devastating.
The title race might be all but over but the fight for survival is only just beginning.	At the end of March, Leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points, seven off safety.	Win on Saturday and they will be out of the relegation zone.	For Nigel Pearson and his men, their season starts now.	When you're facing relegation you are supposed to be dispirited and lacking in confidence.	So how on earth have Leicester won three on the bounce?	Only Arsenal (8) and Chelsea (4) can better that as a winning streak.	Leicester players are full of confidence after three successive victories in the Premier League.	It has been a superhuman effort and they have fought to get themselves in a position where they have something to play for.	Leicester were bottom on Christmas Day but win at Burnley and they will give themselves a real chance of staying up -- something only two sides have managed after being bottom at Christmas.	It's not just Leicester, though.	The other promoted clubs -- QPR and Burnley -- have shown fantastic spirit.	I have been in relegation battles and seen teams with less fight in them than these three.	QPR earned a fantastic win at West Brom, were unlucky to draw at Aston Villa and battled manfully against Chelsea.	Burnley might be on a poor run but you know Sean Dyche's side will battle until the bitter end.	So how does a manager create a positive attitude when things look so bad?	What you ca n't afford to do is let players sit and study the fixtures and start looking at how many points they need.	If they are too busy working out the permutations, they're not concentrating on their game.	Leicester face a crunch clash with fellow relegation battlers Burnley on Saturday.	If a player is not being pushed it's easy for them to shift responsibility and hope somebody else gets them over the line.	The best thing to do is keep them busy.	If you're working hard on the training ground looking at team shape, developing players and preparing for games, you are making much better use of your time.	I've been in that situation as a player and the worst thing you can do is to wrap them in cotton wool.	There is a tendency to try to protect people in case things go wrong.	Training eases up because of injury fears and managers try to keep their players fresh.	Leicester manager Nigel Pearson has managed to create a positive attitude in his squad.	But that leaves you sitting around with your thoughts and that can be dangerous.	There needs to be mental stimulation -- you ca n't sit around and wallow in self-pity.	At this stage of the season a week can be a long time between games.	Pearson and his players will be absolutely buzzing in training and it's important to take that energy and intensity into games.	It annoys me when managers say it's all about results.	The only way to win is to make sure that your performance is right and that comes from hard work during the week.	Pearson has worked hard to make sure Leicester's destiny is in their own hands.	Their form has struck fear into other teams.	Leicester striker Leonardo Ulloa celebrates scoring in the 2-0 victory against Swansea.	The three promoted sides look brave enough to go out and play, but Sunderland and Hull look paralysed by fear.	Steve Bruce thinks Hull's home form will keep them up but a look at the fixtures shows it wo n't be that easy.	Leicester, QPR and Burnley have all given their home fans reason to cheer with their efforts and the thrill of the chase means everything is applauded.	Contrast that with the toxic feeling at the Stadium of Light.	Leicester have taken a long time to wake up but they have rekindled the atmosphere they had when they beat Manchester United.	And with four of their last six games at home, they need to keep that up.	If they can, and the level of their performance continues to harness the positivity of that home crowd, do n't bet against them making the great escape.	Fans still believe that Leicester can still avoid the drop from the Premier League.
AP McCoy stood with the trainer, Jonjo O'Neill, in the parade ring.	He tried to talk but his mind was elsewhere.	He was waiting for the end to come.	At 4.15 pm a bell rang out.	McCoy did not need to be reminded for whom it tolled.	He knew it tolled for him.	He obeyed the signal for the jockeys to mount.	He walked alongside Box Office, the final ride of his astonishing career, and then clambered into the saddle.	The tears streamed down his face but he pulled down his goggles so that nobody would see.	He rode out on to the course.	McCoy was presented the Champion Jockey trophy by Ian Wright - McCoy is an Arsenal fanatic.	The 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the Champion Jockey trophy.	He knew this would be a strange day.	He was aware it was being styled as a joyous celebration of the career of the greatest jump jockey there has ever been.	'The Champ, The Finale' it said on the front of Sandown Park's raceday programme.	But McCoy knew, too, that, for him, the day of his retirement would be a day filled with sadness and dread.	Earlier in the afternoon, he had ridden Mr Mole into third place in the bet365 AP McCoy Celebration Chase.	Now, he had one last shot at giving Sandown's biggest crowd for a decade what they wanted by riding a winner.	So one last time, he rode a mount around the Surrey track, racing the rest of the field and one of the red-and-blue trains that hurry along behind the tree line on the far side of the course, towards Waterloo.	A film script would have delivered his 4,358 th winner but sport is more capricious than celluloid.	And so it delivered an irony.	The last race of McCoy's career, the bet365 Handicap Hurdle, was won by Richard Johnson, 15 times a runner-up to McCoy in the jockeys' championship.	The two men are great friends but this was one small act of revenge for 20 years of being a bridesmaid.	McCoy, 40, finished third.	He pushed Box Office all the way to the line and took the congratulations of his fellow jockeys as they and their horses milled around him.	He was about to head towards the winner's enclosure when he was ushered back along the track.	Now the emotion really bit.	McCoy and Box Office trotted back in front of the stands packed with 18,000 cheering fans.	One man and his horse.	There was something wonderfully moving about the tribute.	Maybe it was just its simplicity.	An old gunslinger was riding off into the sunset.	The champion jockey was joined by his wife Channelle, daughter Eve and son Archie on his last day of racing.	In the winner's enclosure, he dismounted amid scarcely controlled chaos.	A couple of photographers had climbed the little horse chestnut tree that stands outside the weighing room and perched in its lower branches to get a better shot.	A television reporter put his microphone under McCoy's nose and paid fulsome tribute to him, telling him he wanted to thank him not just for today but the last 20 years.	McCoy could only nod.	He could not speak any more.	All day, it was impossible to get away from those themes of joy and despair.	Everyone wanted McCoy to be happy, to depart gladly from his glory game, but everywhere he went, he looked as if he were being led to the gallows.	The Irish jockey (left) was unable to leave on a winning note as he raced on the aptly named Box Office.	It was like that when the rest of the jockeys who have trailed in his wake for so long formed an honour guard as he walked into the parade ring to be presented with the Champion Jockey Trophy for the 20th consecutive time, by Ian Wright, one of McCoy's Arsenal heroes.	Some of the jockeys were in tears.	McCoy looked grim.	Forget all the talk of new beginnings and how this would be a brave new phase of his life.	McCoy was having none of it.	He did not try to put a brave face on what was happening.	He did not even pretend he was thinking about new beginnings.	His mind told him just one thing -- this is the end, beautiful friend.	It has been beautiful, too.	It has broken bones in almost every part of his body and it has demanded continuous sacrifice but it has brought him unparalleled success and universal respect.	He stands alongside men like Andy Murray, Sir Steve Redgrave, Sir Chris Hoy and Sir Bradley Wiggins as the greatest modern British sportsmen.	It is difficult to set the parameters for greatness, particularly when trying to measure a jockey against heroes of other sports.	But whatever criteria you use, it is hard to outstrip McCoy for the relentlessness of his domination.	The racing legend was swamped by photographers and punters following his last professional race.	Michael Jordan is probably the greatest star basketball ever and he won six NBA championships in two bursts of three consecutive titles.	Wayne Gretzky was the best player in ice hockey for many years and still holds 60 NHL records but he won the Stanley Cup just four times.	Of the greats of individual modern sport, Tiger Woods stayed at the top of his sport for 545 consecutive weeks and Roger Federer for 237 weeks.	McCoy stayed at the top for 1,040 consecutive weeks.	It is hard to call an end to a career like that -- and in the 11 weeks since he announced this would be his last season, he has never tried to disguise the pain.	Time and again in interviews on Saturday, he said the thing uppermost in his mind.	'If I could say one thing to all the guys in the weighing room,' he said,'it would be to enjoy it as much as they can because the end does n't half come around very quick.'	Sandown Park was packed with punters and the media who were eager to give him a memorable send off.	McCoy, who was named the BBC Sports Personality of the Year in 2010 after he finally won the Grand National, was given plenty of opportunities to talk about the benefits a life without racing might bring.	He did not take any of them.	After his final race, he was ushered into a white marquee, flanked by O'Neill and the owner, JP McManus, for a final press conference.	He looked blank.	He looked stunned.	His voice was flat.	He tried humour.	Someone ventured his record of 20 championships in a row and 4,348 winners over jumps would never be broken.	'All records are broken,' McCoy said.	'I hope I'm dead when it happens.	It'll take someone at least 20 years so I'll probably be in a home by then, or doting.'	But most of the time, he did not attempt levity.	He said he wished he could start his racing career all over again --'I have got nothing to look forward to now.'	O'Neill nudged him.	'Apart from my wife and kids,' McCoy added, hurriedly.	'Jonjo got in just in time then.'	Crowds wee packed into Sandown to wish McCoy well in his final two rides.	A few years ago, McCoy talked about the realities that his wife had had to live with as the partner of a man so utterly dedicated to a dangerous sport.	He recalled the moment they had been for a fertility check and were told that McCoy's habit of taking hot baths every day to sweat weight off had made his sperm count abnormally low.	'Chanelle was busy putting things into perspective,' McCoy remembered.	`"Anthony is a jockey, he rides horses at 30 miles per hour over fences every day of the week, two ambulances follow him around while he works, he could come home in a wheelchair one day.	That would be an issue.	This is not an issue".'	Soon after that, they started IVF treatment and in 2007, Chanelle gave birth to a daughter, Eve.	On Saturday, as McCoy carried the Champion Jockey Trophy around the parade ring at Sandown, Eve ran after him in her little white dress, outside the cluster of photographers who tracked his every move.	'Daddy, Daddy, Daddy,' she kept shouting, treating it as a game.	Her daddy did not hear her above the din.	Now, though, the din has gone.	McCoy is pictured in third during his last ever ride in his career at Sandown on Saturday.	The Irish jockey waves goodbye to the thousands of fans after an emotional day.
As the fashion crowd took their seats and the lights went down for the We Are Handsome Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show in Sydney on Tuesday night, things took an unusual turn.	The catwalk was replaced with a tennis court, the front row with stadium seating, and the usual parade of slender models walking single file was nowhere in sight.	Instead, four strong, muscular women sashayed onto the grass, and proceeded to stretch and bend their bodies into yoga poses.	Lindy Klim, along with former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp, wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses.	Scroll down for video.	Fit for fashion: Lindy Klim (left), Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp (centre left) and former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk (centre right), and Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett (right) starred at the We Are Handsome Activewear show.	Strong is the new sexy: The show on Tuesday night was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington and featured real life fitness influencers.	Let's get physical: (L-R) Lindy, Sjana, and Amanda opened the show with a performance of stretching and yoga poses.	Fit for fashion: The'models' showcased the colourful creations along with sunglasses from Clearly.	Strike a pose: Former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter turned yogi Amanda Bisk opened the show which celebrated strong women.	Bendy: Sjana, who boasts 680,000 Instagram followers, showed off her yoga skills.	The show opening made clear: We Are Handsome are celebrating strong, healthy shapes - the type of people they have designed their new Activewear collection for.	The models included ballerinas and sprinters, while Samantha Harris also made an appearance.	They carried tennis rackets, volleyballs, and skipping ropes as they walked the border of the tennis court showcasing high-tech sports-luxe fabrications.	Influencers: Lindy Klim (left) and Sjana Earp (right), both fitness enthusiasts, modelled wares from We Are Handsome's new Activewear range.	Daily Mail Australia spoke to the'models' ahead of the show, which was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington.	Lindy Klim was excited to be returning to the'catwalk' for the first time in nine years, and since becoming a mother.	The beautiful 37-year-old said she was n't nervous despite being absent from the runway in nearly a decade, and the age difference between herself and the other participants.	'I'm quite comfortable with myself.	I'm older than most girls here but'I'm quite comfortable with my body and exercise a lot so it's a good fit,' she said, adding that the We Are Handsome message aligned with her health and fitness philosophies.	Fashion Week star Samantha Harris was one of the few'traditional' models in the show.	Athletic: The brand emphasised strong fitness-focused women above traditional runway models.	Klim told DMA that there is a start contrast in her fitness and diet habits when she is in Australia versus her life at home in Bali.'	I exercise in Bali for two hours a day, but then when I'm in Australia I do n't exercise at all,' she revealed, adding that in Australia she struggles to find the time in her schedule.	'My diet in Bali is a lot healthier in Bali than it is in Australia.	It's so much easier to eat really healthy food there, it's all organic, locally grown food.	'We do n't snack in Bali either - we do n't have chips and lollies and things, so I find it a lot easier to eat over there.	'When I'm in Australia I love to go out to restaurants, drink red wine, and i do that a lot during Fashion Week as well as its so social.'	Sjana Earp told DMA that she thought there had been a mistake when she was asked to model in a Fashion Week show.	Yogis on the field: Flow Athletic co-owner Kate Kendall (left) and pole vaulter turned yogi Amanda Bisk (right) had starring roles in the show.	Lifestyle: Speaking to Daily Mail Australia, Lindy revealed that she works out for two hours a day at home in Bali, and finds it a lot easier to eat healthily there than in Australia, where her social life sees her out for dinner most nights.	The 20-year-old has a huge following on Instagram, where 680,000 followers are glued to her daily yoga poses.	'At first I was confused and double checked it was for runway,' she said.'	I was told fitness influencers were involved, so that was exciting, then I realised it was different from'normal modelling'.'	[ We Are Handsome ] have picked up on the fact social media has such a power for advertising.	'We're all just regular girls, I think that we're helping to promote a healthy body image.	Fitness is n't one shape or size, so we're empowering one another and celebrating every single, shape, size and sport.'	'Girls who are active are the new shape': We Are Handsome design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers told Daily Mail Australia that they chose girls who embodied the healthy lifestyle for the show.	We Are Handsome design duo Jeremy and Katinka Somers are known for pushing boundaries but believe there will be only positive reaction to their unusual model choice.	'There's a big thing about "who should be on the runway" so we know we're breaking rules by having girls that have never been on a catwalk before (and who are nervous about it),' Katinka told Daily Mail Australia.	'But the rules are there to be broken, times have changed and girls who are active are the new shape.	Strong really is the new sexy.''	A lot of the girls are very big on Instagram and encourage people to follow in their active foot steps, so we have chosen experienced yogis, a ballerina, a sprinter and pole vaulter and people who embody healthy eating too,' said Jeremy.
Police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old Luke Shambrook who went missing from a campsite in Victoria on Friday.	An increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around Lake Eildon in an effort to find the boy.	Search co-ordinator Acting Senior Sergeant Andrew Walker said Luke had a "very high pain tolerance", a factor that would work in his favour given he has now been missing for days.	Scroll down for video.	The Shambrook family with children (left to right) Luke, 11, Lauren, 7, and Matthew, 10.	Luke Shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on Good Friday.	It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.	"Hence the reason why we're out searching.	We're still hopeful that we can find him," Sgt Walker said.	The 11-year-old, who is autistic, was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen.	Search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive.	Luke has now been missing for four days.	A Victorian Police spokeswoman told AAP late on Sunday that a family saw a young boy matching Lukes description while they were driving in the Devils River vicinity.	With temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree Celsius, Senior Sergeant Ralph Willingham believes that the fourth day of searching will have a further level of urgency.	'The advice I'm getting from our search and rescue experts having regard to the overnight temperatures and the daytime temperatures is that he could well still be out there,' he said.	'We've got to be realists but we're positive, the family's positive.'	However, Luke may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide, according to his family.	He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30 am on Good Friday.	Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.	Campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES volunteers in the search of thick bushland.	Police hold hope that Luke has been able to stay reasonably warm as he was last seen wearing a beanie and warm jacket.	There was a moment of hope when a beanie was found by the search party, however it was decided it did not belong to Luke.	The Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria, where Luke went missing on Friday.	Having met Luke's family during a push to open a special school in Melbourne's southeast, Opposition emergency services spokeman Brad Battin says it's devastating to hear the 11-year-old is missing.	He says Luke's parents Tim and Rachel have been updating him on the search and appreciate the efforts of all those out looking for their little boy.	'He's a lovely young kid,' Mr Battin told AAP on Sunday.	'He displays all the characteristics of a child with autism, which means he might not even think he is lost.'	Sergeant Greg Paul says the search is focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland.	'We've got a lot of searchers in the bush, we've got a lot searchers searching all the tracks and in between the tracks and the gullies and the spurs,' he told reporters on Saturday.	The Shambrook family has thanked emergency service workers, volunteers, family and friends for their help.	They say the disappearance is completely out of character for him.	A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES members, along with campers around the surrounding areas.	A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.	Sergeant Greg Paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland.	'We've got a lot of searchers in the bush,' he told reporters on Saturday.	'We've also got people walking the banks of the lake.'	But he outlined a serious hurdle for the search efforts, according to ABC.	'With the autistic condition, Luke might not respond to searchers, he may not even know that he's lost,' he said.	'He wo n't necessarily respond to his name being called, but that might change a little bit as he gets hungry maybe.	Sgt Paul said there were hundreds of other campers in the area over the busy Easter period, so there was a chance someone else could spot Luke.	Luke is described as being of medium build, about 150 cm tall with olive skin, brown hair and brown eyes.	He was last seen wearing a black windcheater, black t-shirt, grey track-pants, grey boots and a scarf.	Lake Eildon, near where Luke went missing: Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day.	Sergeant Greg Paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland.	Searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic who went missing there.	A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the dog squad and local police.
Scientists have revealed a sophisticated new dating.	technique shows that Little Foot, an important fossil of an.	early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa,.	is roughly 3.7 million years old.	'The age of Little Foot has been highly debated,' said.	geologist Darryl Granger of Purdue University in Indiana, whose.	research appears in the journal Nature.	The study found Little Foot, a member of the species.	Australopithecus prometheus, lived at roughly the same time as.	Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous.	fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.	Scroll down for video.	The researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from theSterkfontein Caves to gauge its age.	The researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age.	The species was much bigger and taller than Lucy's, with gorilla-like facial features but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands for climbing.	Like Lucy, Little Foot was female.	Its hands were proportioned like ours, with a long thumb and.	relatively short fingers and palm, unlike the elongated hands of.	modern apes.	Its legs were slightly longer than its arms, unlike.	modern apes.	Both species blended ape-like and human-like traits but with different features.	The researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the.	nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the.	Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age.	The findings may have important implications about the.	evolutionary relationships among humankind's ancient relatives.	Our species, Homo sapiens, appeared roughly 200,000 years.	ago.	Earlier members of the human genus, Homo, date back more.	than 2 million years.	Our genus was predated by other species on.	the human family tree including various representatives of the.	genus Australopithecus.	Members of Lucy's species were contemporaries of Little.	Foot, although Lucy herself lived about 500,000 years later.	Like Lucy, Little Foot was female.	The species was much.	bigger and taller than Lucy's, with gorilla-like facial features.	but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands for.	climbing, according to paleoanthropologists Ron Clarke and Kathy.	Kuman of the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg.	The face of Little Foot, which has now been accurately dated for the first time.	Its hands were proportioned like ours, with a long thumb and.	relatively short fingers and palm, unlike the elongated hands of.	modern apes.	Its legs were slightly longer than its arms, unlike.	modern apes.	Clarke and Kuman noted similarities in facial structure and.	some teeth between Little Foot and the later human relative.	Paranthropus, indicating Little Foot's species may have been.	ancestral to Paranthropus or a close cousin.	The new date for Little Foot indicates Lucy's species was.	not the only one that could have given rise to later members of.	the human family tree, Clarke and Kuman said.	'The fact, therefore, that we have at least two.	(Australopithecus) species living at the same time in different.	parts of Africa, (about) 3.67 million years ago, raises the.	question of how many other species there may have been which.	have not yet been discovered,' Clarke and Kuman said by email.	The team used Purdue's PRIME Lab's powerful accelerator mass spectrometer and a new detector, called a gas-filled magnet detector, to measure the radioisotopes.	'We succeeded in our measurement, but we were surprised the dates were so old,' said Darryl Granger, a professor of earth, atmospheric and planetary sciences at Purdue.	The team used Purdue's PRIME Lab's powerful accelerator mass spectrometer and a new detector, called a gas-filled magnet detector, to measure the radioisotopes.	'We succeeded in our measurement, but we were surprised the dates were so old,' Granger said.	'We double-and triple-checked our results, running the measurement again and again.'	The gas-filled magnet creates a different charge on the two radioisotopes and throws the magnesium-26 on a different path with a curvature that misses the detector.	This lowers the magnesium ratio and increases the aluminum-26 count in the sample that makes it to the detector, which results in a much smaller margin of error in the measurement.	some of the other material found at the site: Stone tools found at a different level of the Sterkfontein cave also were dated at 2.18 million years old, making them among the oldest known stone tools in South Africa.	The gas-filled magnet detector was originally to be used to analyze samples of solar wind collected by the Genesis spacecraft.	Unfortunately, the space capsule carrying the samples crashed in 2004 on its return to Earth.	The crash delayed analysis of the Genesis samples, but Caffee continued to build the detector and it was completed the summer of 2014.	Caffee has since used it to perform analysis for other projects, including those from the Sterkfontein site.	'Only a few detectors of this kind exist in the world,' Caffee said.	'We double-and triple-checked our results, running the measurement again and again.'	The gas-filled magnet creates a different charge on the two radioisotopes and throws the magnesium-26 on a different path with a curvature that misses the detector.	This lowers the magnesium ratio and increases the aluminum-26 count in the sample that makes it to the detector, which results in a much smaller margin of error in the measurement.	Ron Clarke, a professor in the Evolutionary Studies Institute at Wits University in South Africa holds the Little Foot skull, among the oldest hominid skeletons ever dated at 3.67 million years old, according to an advanced dating method.	The date places Little Foot as an older relative of Lucy, a famous Australopithecus skeleton dated at 3.2 million years old that was found in Ethiopia.	The gas-filled magnet detector was originally to be used to analyze samples of solar wind collected by the Genesis spacecraft.	Unfortunately, the space capsule carrying the samples crashed in 2004 on its return to Earth.	The crash delayed analysis of the Genesis samples, but Caffee continued to build the detector and it was completed the summer of 2014.	The new findings suggest Little Foot roamed the Earth at around the same time as the famed 3.2-million-year-old Lucy, an Australopithecus afarensis - shown in a reconstruction above.	When discovered in Hadar, Ethiopia, Lucy was the only skeleton of the species known ; she would've stood 3.5 feet (about a meter) tall.	Currently, more than 300 individuals of this species, which lived between about 3.85 million and 2.95 million years ago, have been uncovered.	Caffee has since used it to perform analysis for other projects, including those from the Sterkfontein site.	'Only a few detectors of this kind exist in the world,' Caffee said.	'One of the reasons I came to Purdue was to be a part of the revolutionary science that can be done when such resources are applied to challenging problems.	These results highlight what can be accomplished through a collaboration that spans multiple disciplines.	It could n't have happened without the unique skills and resources each person brought to the table.'	INRAP's French researcher Laurent Bruxelles shows Little Foot, a fossil with both ape-like and human features found in a cave at the Sterkfontein site, near Johannesburg.	The'Cradle of Life' is one of eight World Heritage Sites in South Africa.	In 2008 the 47,000 hectare site site yielded the.	discovery of Australopithecus sediba - thought to be an early human.	ancestor that combines simian and modern human characteristics.	The world-renowned Sterkfontein Caves is home to the oldest and most continuous paleaontological dig in the world.	It is also the site of discovery of the famous pre-human skull affectionately known as'Mrs Ples', and the almost complete hominid skeleton called'Little Foot'.	Granger's original attempt was the first time aluminum-26 and beryllium-10 radioisotopic dating had been used to determine the age of a fossil.	He developed the method in 1997 and first used it to study changes in mountains, rivers and other geological formations.	Because of their very slow rate of decay, these particular radioisotopes allow dating to reach back millions of years, much further in history than the more commonly known carbon-14 dating that can only stretch back about 50,000 years, he said.	Only a small amount of the radioisotopes remain in the quartz after millions of years, and it can only be measured by the ultrasensitive analysis of accelerator mass spectrometry.	'We had given up and nearly walked away from the project thinking we had failed,' Granger said.	'Then the new detector was completed, and we thought we would give it one last try.'	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Whether it's from a university or a new employer, we all know that horrible, deflated feeling that comes with getting a rejection letter.	But 17-year-old Siobhan O'Dell hit back after being sent a rejection letter from Duke University, by sending the admissions office a message of her own, rejecting their rejection.	The teenager, from North Carolina, had applied to the prestigious college in her home state, but on March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade.	Scroll down for video.	Siobahn O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, sent this response to an email from the admissions department at Duke University telling her she had missed out on a place.	However, refusing to take no for an answer, she wrote back, saying:'After careful consideration, I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class at Duke.	Mirroring the standard format of college rejection letters, she added:'Despite Duke's outstanding success in rejecting previous applicants, you simply did not meet my qualifications.	'Therefore, I will be attending Duke University's 2015 freshmen class.	I look forward to seeing you then.'	Speaking to MailOnline about the letter, she said:'They sent me a typical college rejection letter, "This year we had an outstanding pool of applicants...", blah, blah, blah.	'It made me realize how much power universities have over students.	Seniors labor over applications, stress over waiting, and sometimes cry over the answer.	Then that's it.	'The college has all the power.	But what if that was n't it?	What if we got to treat the college like they treated us?	I wanted to give them a taste of their own medicine.'	Miss O'Dell's letter has attracted nearly 100,000 likes and rebolgs since she posted it to her Tumblr account, and will even feature in Duke's college newspaper.	Since posting a copy of the letter to her Tumblr account, the image has gone viral, attracting nearly 100,000 likes and reblogs since first being posted.	Speaking about the popularity of the email, she said:' I obviously was n't expecting it to get this popular, it was just meant as a joke.	'My friends all it's hilarious, I have n't showed my mom yet but she'll get a good laugh out of it.	'My only regret is not proof reading it first as a few people have pointed out the bad grammar.'	Not sharing the joke: Duke University did respond to Miss O'Dell's email, but clearly did n't share her sense of humour, instead telling her she could appeal their decision, but was unlikely to get it overturned.	While Miss O'Dell's letter did n't earn her a place at Duke, it seems to have got the attention of students on campus, and is even set to feature in the college newspaper.	Duke did eventually respond to her rejection letter, but did n't appear to share the joke, instead telling her that should could appeal their decision, but'it's very rare' for the call to be overturned.	However Miss O'Dell, who also goes by her middle name of Reece, has no need for an appeal after being awarded a place at the University of Southern California.	She said:'I'm going to major in biology and minor in mathematics.	My goal is to be a pediatrician.	I look forward to going to USC this fall.'
Three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl, Lianne Hindle lay dead in the same hospital bed.	The mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December.	The 37-year-old's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit.	The deaths, along with those of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital prompted an investigation.	Today Ms Hindle's partner Chris Barnes and his sister Karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies.	Chris Barnes, whose partner Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to their daughter Poppy (pictured with brothers Zac and Louie), is calling for action to prevent further tragedies at North Manchester General Hospital.	The 40-year-old father-of-four said:'Something has to be done.	It is n't right.	'This is still happening.	Maternity units are supposed to be the safest places to have babies.'	Mr Barnes, who suffers with cerebral palsy, has been left to care for the couple's three-month-old daughter Poppy, and her three brothers, Morgan, 15, Zac, nine, and Louie, seven.	North Manchester General and the Royal Oldham Hospital called in independent experts to review its maternity units after the spate of 10 deaths in the eight-month period from December 2013 to July last year.	Ms Hindle, from Bury, died in December - her death falling outside the scope of the investigation.	She went into labour at almost 35 weeks pregnant, in the early hours of December 15.	The expectant mother was scheduled to give birth at St Mary's Hospital, which has a specialist intensive care baby unit, after suffering two previous stillbirths, and three premature pregnancies.	But she was taken to North Manchester General by ambulance instead, after it became clear she was going to give birth before she could get to St Mary's.	This is the only picture Ms Hindle's family have of her holding daughter Poppy.	Immediately after welcoming baby Poppy shortly after 2am, Mr Barnes said his partner appeared'fine', holding the newborn and naming her.	But just an hour later, she started to feel unwell - complaining that she was'red hot'.	Ms Barnes described how Ms Hindle started to look'deathly white', and felt cold and clammy to touch, before her eyes began rolling back in her head.	Her blood pressure and heart rate plummeted as her condition deteriorated and she died at around 6am after suffering a cardiac arrest.	Ms Barnes said the family has concerns about the care Ms Hindle received, claiming she was left alone with a student midwife following the birth, once the placenta had been delivered.	'Lianne was repeatedly talking of how red hot she was, asking for a fan and the windows to be opened,' Ms Barnes said.	'The student midwife said that was normal after having a baby and wafted her with a sick bowl.'	I did n't see Lianne's temperature taken once.'	Ms Barnes claimed at one point, a member of staff came into the room and asked the student midwife:'Who are you supposed to be with?'	To which the student replied, "exactly", Ms Barnes said.	Ms Hindle's family said no one from the hospital had contacted them since her death.	Ms Barnes added:'That makes us feel that she just was n't important to them.'	Mr Barnes, who suffers cerebral palsy, has been left to care for the couple's four children, Zac, nine, Morgan, 15, three-month-old Poppy, and Louie, seven.	A spokesman for The Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust said:'Our condolences go out to the family in this tragic case.	'Lianne was diverted to us as an emergency on the way to another hospital.	'She was not previously known to our maternity service and while her baby was delivered safely, tragically Lianne subsequently died.	'We are unable to comment further as this case has been referred to the coroner and has not yet been heard.	'We deliver 10,000 babies each year and would like to reassure families about the safety of maternity services at our hospitals, but if any expectant mother has a concern they can contact their designated midwife to discuss this.'	Mr Barnes said:'Lianne had always dreamed of a little girl.	She was a strong character and loved her family.	Her death has shocked and devastated us.	It does n't seem real.	'The boys have been pretty resilient but Louie is a mummy's boy and recently has been waking up in the night and crying out for her.	That has been hard to take.'	A date for her inquest has not yet been set.	An investigation was launched at the North Manchester General Hospital after the deaths of three babies and a mother at the hospital between December 2013 and July last year.	The probe also looked at the deaths of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital over the same time period.	A catalogue of failings have been uncovered at two NHS hospitals after seven babies and three mothers died there in the space of just eight months.	Independent investigators were called into Royal Oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers, and North Manchester General after the deaths of another three babies and one mother.	Lisa Parkisson, 35, died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April this year, while newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth.	A summary of the investigation, which was kept secret from the families of the dead until now, has been seen by MailOnline and found'notable absence of clinical leadership' in the maternity wards, and a'failure to adequately plan care' in a number of cases.	Lisa Parkisson, 35, (left with son Zac) died 48 hours after giving birth at Oldham Royal in June last year.	Thomas Beaty (right) died from at the same hospital after doctors forced him back into the womb.	A team of independent investigators also found risk management was'below standard' in some cases - though there were no apparent'deficiencies in care' in the deaths of the three mothers.	The report noted that several of the mothers were obese or morbidly obese, which can lead to complications, but that national guidelines for treating overweight people were not followed.	Officials also criticised the hospital's own investigations, saying the root cause of the deaths was not always identified, opportunities to learn lessons were not always picked up, and that some recommendations were too general and difficult to measure.	All of the deaths are believed to have occurred between December 2013, and July last year.	Pennine Acute is in the process of producing an action plan based on the recommendations from the findings.	They include strengthening clinical leadership and risk management, making sure enough staff are on duty to ensure safety and reviewing the process for employing temporary locum doctors.	Gill Harris, chief nurse at Pennine Acute, said last week:'The Trust is always keen to learn and to improve care.	We commissioned a review by experts from outside the Trust to look at the details of a small number of maternity cases at our hospitals.	Independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership at Oldham Royal following the deaths of four babies and two mothers there in eight months.	'We are now considering that report and are developing a number of actions as a result to make some improvements to ensure we continue to provide the best quality of care for our patients.	'We deliver 10,000 babies each year and would like to reassure families about the safety of maternity services at our hospitals, but if any expectant mother has a concern they can contact their designated midwife to discuss this.'	A spokeswoman for the Care Quality Commission, the health regulator, said:'CQC is aware that Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust has recently initiated an external review into its maternity services and we are in close liaison with the trust, NHS England and local CCG regarding the review findings.'
They're the best of friends who work and play together, so it's hardly surprising that Gigi Hadid has picked up some words of wisdom from Kendall Jenner.	The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback, particularly on social media.	Speaking to Style.com, Gigi said:'From Kendall I learned how to deal with the haters.	She has a really good sense of when to stand up [ on social media ] and when to back off.'	Scroll down for video.	Gigi Hadid has credited her best friend Kendall Jenner, right, for helping her deal with social media haters.	And it's not only Kendall, 19, who Gigi has taken social media tips from as she believes former Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona.	She added:' I think she does such a good job of showing who she is.	She lets her personality really shine in her Instagram.'	While Kendall Jenner is taking the fashion world by the storm, she has her fair share of haters.	The fledgling model's meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues, according to a report.	At New York Fashion Week, Kendall was allegedly bullied by her fellow models, who even went so far as to put cigarettes out in her drink.	In another incident, Lexi Boling, along with fellow model Binx Walton, left cruel comments on a pre-show image of Kendall shared on Vogue Germany's Instagram feed.	The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback.	Gigi said that Kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up [ on social media ] and when to back off.	Lexi, 21, tagged her friend Binx, 20, in the comment:' @binxwalton she's never looked better,' with a crying with laughter emoticon.	Teen Vogue cover star Binx replied:'That's f **** d up,' with the same animated laughing face.	The two comments have since been deleted from the Vogue Germany photo, but followers' horrified responses remain.	Lexi has since apologised for the comment.	In a statement issued via a representative to E! News, she said:' I was n't thinking and made a silly comment.	Kendall's had a killer NYFW.	A big congrats to her!'	Gigi, centre, is best friends with fellow supermodels Cara Delevingne, left, and Kendall, right.	The latter remark is certainly true.	Kendall is unarguably one of the world's most in-demand stars.	Her appearance in a Chanel fashion show in New York City on Tuesday was case in point.	Kendall and her best friend Cara Delevingne were linked as they closed the Paris-Salzburg 2014/15 Metiers d'Art Collection at Park Avenue Armory in two very unique and elaborate ensembles - Kendall in black, Cara in white.	And shadowing the young beauties was the designer himself, Karl Lagerfeld.	Gigi, Cara and Kendall looked delighted to be reunited at Wednesday night's Chanel event.	Frame Denim Le Skinny de Jeanne mid rise jeans.	Buy at Nordstrom.	Visit site.	BFFs Cara Delevingne and Kendall Jenner were back together again at Karl Lagerfeld's Chanel cruise, but it was n't the only reunion of the night.	Kendall was kitted out in a pair of monochrome printed trousers but Cara opted for her favorite super distressed skinny jeans by Frame Denim.	We've spotted her in them several times before and it's easy to see why.	They've got a great snug fit, are mid-rise which is easy to wear and of course all that on trend shredding makes them a must have.	Unfortunately you ca n't buy these exact design anymore but click right to Neiman Marcus now to get a similar design from Neiman Marcus.	Style like Cara with some lace up boots and a sports luxe sweater.	Or work a simple tee and heels for fashion editor edge.	Price putting you off?	Then get the look for a lot less with our high street edit below.	Topshop ripped black jeans at Nordstrom.	Visit site.	Missguided Brigitte ripped jeans.	Visit site.	Boohoo Chloe ripped black jeans.	Visit site.	Joe's Jeans Finn ripped jeans.	Visit site.
It had seemed likely to be the moment amateur jockey Lewis Ferguson had dreamt of -- a first win on his first ride for new boss, champion trainer Paul Nicholls.	But as he approaches the final fence of the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton, clear leader Merrion Square swerves and he loses his balance.	As Merrion Square cleanly jumps the fence alongside him, the 18-year-old rider's waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots.	The birch of the fence acts like a spring board as Ferguson is made to look like a crash-test dummy as his momentum is brought to a juddering halt.	18-year-old amateur jockey Lee Ferguson is flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton.	The jockey from Hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory.	His feet point directly to the sky as he continues through a spectacular and heart-stopping rotation that remarkably has all the grace of an Olympic gymnast on his way to maximum points for artistic interpretation.	Ferguson's whip goes flying as he begins to exit his spin and the turf starts to rush towards the disorientated young jockey.	There is no time to brace himself for the impact with the on-rushing turf which is about to face him but fortunately at least he has been thrown clear of the chasing horses.	Jockey Ferguson hits the fence after his ride stumbles wildly on the approach to the fence.	Colliding with the barrier forces the amateur jockey into a spectacular mid-air somersault.	Merrion Square was a hotly tipped favourite to win the 4.20 at Wincanton on Wednesday.	Impact imminent, no evasion.	Ferguson bounces back to earth but remarkably suffers no more than being briefly winded.	He is able to stand and walk away with minimum assistance from attendants.	A relieved Nicholls later jokes:'The only thing damaged is his pride!'	While Ferguson says:'I was n't aware of what had happened until after I watched the replay in the Weighing Room.	I was just a bit winded.	I have never had a fall like that before.	It is not something you can practise for.	Hopefully, it will never happen again.	I am on the television but not for the right reasons.	Coombe Hill won the race at 4-1 for trainer and former jockey Chris Honour.	Ferguson escaped the fall with only'dented pride' according to trainer Paul Nicholls.	Ferguson crashes to the turf but managed to walk away from the freak fall unscathed.	Meanwhile, Nicholls expects to have a team of four riders competing at the Grand National on April 11 as he tries to win the event for a second time.	The champion trainer's assault on the world's greatest steeplechase will be led Rocky Creek and rising star Unioniste with a supporting cast of Royal Rebellion and Mon Parrain.'	I look like having four runners in the Crabbie's Grand National with Rocky Creek and Unioniste the two leading players for Team Ditcheat,' Nicholls told www.betfair.com.	Merrion Square trainer Nicholls will have four horses racing at the Grand National on April 11.
Victim: Dr Martin Luther King.	The FBI repeatedly deceived Congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of Martin Luther King, a new book claims.	Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth.	Wexler said that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the FBI - but now we may never know what happened.	By destroying the files the FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional Committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of King and former President John F Kennedy.	Wexler told Daily Mail Online that the bureau's actions were'disturbing' and that his research had left him suspecting that agents had mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth forever.	King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement.	Power: Dr King's leadership of the civil rights movement was demonstrated in the I Have A Dream speech in 1963.	His death on 4 April 1968 shocked a nation already scarred by the deaths of President John F Kennedy - and the civil leader's murder was followed by that of Robert Kennedy.	Guard: The balcony at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee, where Dr King was shot.	Caught: James Earl Ray, the assassin of Dr. Martin Luther King Jnr.	being taken to his cell by Sheriff William Morris, in Memphis Tennessee, July 19, 1968.	He had been on the run since the death.	Key figures: James Earl Ray (left) in the wanted picture issued by the FBI.	Joseph Milteer (right) was a racist known for a covertly recorded interview in 1963 in which he spoke of the Kennedy and King assassinations before they happened.	Interest in King's life has been renewed since the release of the Oscar-winning film'Selma', about the historic march from the Alabama town, which was 50 years ago this year.	But Wexler said that there are still many unanswered questions about his death which he addresses in a new e-book called'Killing King'.	The FBI plot began when the House Committee on Assassinations was set up in 1976 - it would finish its inquiries into the killing of King and Kennedy in 1978.	Wexler said that the FBI appears to have been spooked after an investigative reporter called Dan Christensen published a number of articles about the Miami connection to both assassinations, articles which the committee were interested in.	Wexler said that, according to his research, in 1977 the MURKIN (murder of King) files were destroyed from the FBI field offices in Miami and Mobile, Alabama.	Crucially, both had information on Tommy Tarrants, a former high ranking Klan member from Mississippi.	Wexler said that something in that file made the FBI upgrade Tarrants from a little-known racist activist to major player in the King assassination to the point where they showed his picture to witnesses at major crime scenes.	What that something was, it now seems we will never know.	Also destroyed from the Miami field office was the the file on Joseph Milteer, a well-known racist who is known for a covertly recorded interview he gave in 1963 in which he talks about the Kennedy assassination and the King assassination before they happened.	Wexler said:'It's entirely possible that Milteer was raising the bounty money for King's assassination.'	The destruction of the files broke a key rule of the FBI's record keeping ; that it does n't get rid of information on people who are still alive.	Tarrants was alive then - and he still is today.	According to Wexler, every other field office investigation of the King murder was preserved, just as Congress ordered, and eventually transferred to the national Archives and Records Administration.	Wexler said:' I have no doubt this was done deliberately.	They are not destroying everybody's files, they are selectively destroying files.	'They wanted Tarrants to give evidence to the committee, they did n't want him to be a suspect.	KKK: Tommy Tarrants was a figure in the KKK and seemed initially marginal to the investigation into the MLK murder but was suddenly made a significant figure.	Was it because of his links to another more senior figure that files were destroyed?	In charge: J Edgar Hoover, the FBI chief, had condemned Dr King and had a mantra that protecting the bureau's reputation was all that mattered.	Wexler says his successor stuck to that belief.	Dramatic hearing: James Earl Ray testifies in 1978 before the House Assassinations Committee.	At left is Ray's attorney Mark Lane.	Ray told the panel he did not kill Martin Luther King, Jr..	'By that point Tarrants had already made a conversion away from radical racist Christianity - he is now a preacher.	'Until then he had been in prison for a bombing and he'd made a full conversion.	The FBI arranged for him to get out of prison, which was unheard of.'	Wexler said that another reason why Tarrants was problematic is that he led directly to the Klan in Mississippi, which was one of the most violent anti-black chapters of the group at the time.	He said:'Laude Matthews.	also known as L.E. Matthews, was due to take over as head of the Klan there and Matthews was a big time deep cover agent for the FBI.	'We can imagine a situation where the FBI does not want the Congressional investigation to lead back to Laude Matthews.	'They did not want to expose him to suspicion.	Imagine what it would have looked like if an FBI informant had a connection to the King assassination?	'This is speculation of course, but it would have been was on the worst scandals in the history of the FBI'.	If the FBI had covered its tracks over King's assassination, it would fit into the pattern of duplicity and double dealing that marked the bureau's handling of King.	The FBI had put him under intense surveillance and bugged his hotel rooms and attempted to destroy his marriage by sending his wife recordings of him with other women.	At a press conference in 1964 then FBI director Herbert Hoover went so far as to call King the'most notorious liar in the country'.	Portrayal: David Oyelowo in his acclaimed performance as Dr King in this year's movie Selma.	Never forgotten: The memorial at the site of Dr King's assassination.	The anniversary is tomorrow.	A few days later one of his deputies, William Sullivan, wrote a vicious letter to King and gave it to an agent in Miami to post to him in Atlanta.	It became known as the'suicide letter' and called him'filthy' and'abnormal' and urged him to take his own life.	The letter read:'In view of your low grade, abnormal personal behavior I will not dignify your name with either a Mr. or a Reverend or a Dr.'And, your last name calls to mind only the type of King such as King Henry the VIII and his countless acts of adultery and immoral conduct lower than that of a beast.'	The head of the FBI between 1973 and 1978 was Clarence Kelly, a staunch ally of Hoover.	Wexler described Kelly as a man who followed Hoover's mantra that the reputation of the bureau was the most important thing,'no matter what'.	Wexler said that the FBI could still go some way to salvaging its reputation ; one way of doing so would be to give King's case to the Justice Department's Civil Rights Cold Case team, which has looked as more than one hundred civil rights crimes, mostly from the 1960s.	He also implored the FBI to run the fingerprints it has from the various crime scenes such as rooming house and car used by Ray.	The last time it did so was in 2000 when the integrated Automated Fingerprint identification System was in its infancy and could not even recognize palm prints.	It also only covered one state and had a tiny database.	Wexler said:'Now the database is three times larger and covers 50 states.	They could run the tests in a day.	If they want copies of the prints I have them all, digitized.'
A writer has revealed why she stopped washing her hair six years ago after embarking on a quest to try and control her greasy, limp locks - by avoiding shampoo.	New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.	When Sarah asked for her secret, her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular'no poo' movement, which Sarah had never heard of until that moment.'	I was n't in love with it, and I just did n't really know what to do,' she told Seventeen.'	I wanted to try my friend's trick and stop shampooing.'	Scroll down for video.	Natural beauty: Sarah Theeboom (pictured) has n't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks.	Although her friend warned her that her scalp and hair would go through a nasty adjustment period, Sarah was n't prepared for the dandruff and excessive amounts of grease that she first experienced after she first started shunning shampoo during a three-week vacation to Thailand.	Sarah recalled that during those first few weeks her hair was the'greasiest' it had ever been.'	I was so embarrassed that I did n't want to show my head to anyone,' she explained.	Despite the fact that she'almost cracked' and went back to shampoo, she forged on with her mission.	After vacation she started wrapping her hair with headbands every day.	When she showered she would wet her hair and scrub her scalp with her fingers.	And even though her boyfriend was critical of the idea, Sarah explained that, by this point, she'felt committed' to her cause.	New woman: The writer from New York City said her hair is now silkier and'totally frizz-free' since she gave up using shampoo.	It took six weeks for her hair to feel somewhat normal again and then another six weeks of her hair looking'so-so' before the'magic happened'.'	I started to see what my natural hair was like when I was n't constantly doing stuff to manipulate it,' Sarah explained.	'It was silky and wavier and totally frizz-free.'	The'no poo' movement has gained popularity over recent years because of celebrities such as Kim Kardashian, Shailene Woodley, Adele and Jessica Simpson who have revealed that that they avoid washing their hair for days - and sometimes months - on end.	Because it is no longer considered a ludicrous concept, Sarah said that she typically does n't have a problem sharing her hair secret, but she did note that sometimes she will come across someone who just does n't get it - including one hair stylist who did n't understand why she could n't shampoo her hair.	Sarah explained that her although her current regimen sounds like a'beauty philosophy', she was really just experimenting to see what worked for her.'	I do n't think shampoo is evil or bad for your hair...' she said.'	I still have good hair days and bad hair days, but overall, my hair looks and feels so much healthier.'
A Massachusetts man is facing charges in connection after severed human body parts were discovered inside a discarded duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.	He is being held on $1million bail.	Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning, according to police.	Scroll down for video.	Carlos Colina, left, faces charges of accessory after the fact to an assault, battery and improper disposal of a body.	Above, he speaks during his attorney during his arraignment.	Colina was arrested Sunday after severed human body parts were discovered in a duffel bag and a human head was found in his apartment building's recycling bin.	The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in a recycling bin in Colina's apartment building across the street, according to the police report.	Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan says the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.	'We are not seeking anyone else in connection with the discovery of these human remains,' she said Monday.	A saw, rope and cleaning supplies were found in Colina's apartment, which is located one block from the Cambridge Police Department.	'We're confident that this was not a random act,' Haas said.	The suspect had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim's head, according to the Boston Globe.	Colina had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim's head.	Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.	The relationship between the victim and suspect was not immediately known, though Camilien and Colina were known to each other.	A motive was not disclosed,.	Both their families were in court on Monday.	According to the investigation, a neighbor reported hearing an argument coming from Colina's apartment Friday night, while Colina and Camilien were last seen returning to the building just after 11 pm Friday.	A man now identified as Colina was seen in surveillance video from nearby Biogen offices exiting the apartment building at about 4.15 a.m. Saturday carrying a duffel bag, authorities said.	He returned to the apartment building empty handed.	Defense attorney John Cunha Jr. called it a sensational case.	'Obviously the circumstances of the case are sensational enough,' he said.	'I'm not going to exacerbate it.'	He later called it' a sad situation.'	Colina has another assault and battery case currently pending against him where the victim is not Camilien.
A 26-year-old woman has been arrested for'Facebook thugging' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users''misdirected threats'.	Kristin Holmes allegedly uploaded the controversial image - in which she is seen beaming while holding the deadly weapon - after she was mistaken for another woman during a Facebook feud.	She captioned the photo:'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me".'	She then'exchanged words' with the other users on the site, it is reported.	Illegal image: Kristin Holmes, 26, has been arrested for'Facebook thugging' after posting this photo of herself pointing a gun (pictured) on the social networking site in response to other users''misdirected threats''Threatening': She captioned the photo (pictured):'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me".'	She then'exchanged words' with the other users on the site, it is reported.	After a user reported the picture to Henrico Police, Holmes, who lives in Chesterfield, Virginia, was arrested.	She has since been charged with harassment by computer, according to WWBT.	She is now facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and a $2,500 fine.	Speaking to the broadcaster, Holmes said she considered her charge'ridiculous' - especially because she supposedly uploaded the photo in the context of a heated online argument.	'It was n't a threat.	I thought it was a funny picture, and then I realized later that it was a little bit intimidating.	So I took it down,' she said, adding:'What happened to freedom of speech?'	Addressing other social media users, the animal-lover continued:'Be careful what you put on the internet, because you can go to jail for it.	Facebook thugging is a crime.'	Confused:'It was n't a threat.	I thought it was a funny picture, and then I realized later that it was a little bit intimidating.	So I took it down,' Holmes told WWBT (pictured), adding:'What happened to freedom of speech?'	Police: After a user reported the picture to Henrico Police, Holmes, who lives in Chesterfield, Virginia, was arrested.	Above, Kevin Carroll, of the Fraternal Order of Police, said Holmes's behavior was illegal in Virginia.	Kevin Carroll, of the Fraternal Order of Police, said Holmes's behavior was illegal in Virginia, where the law bans sending vulgar or indecent language, or threatening illegal acts, via computer.	'There is no such thing as a petty crime,' he said.	'If it's against the law to say it in public.	.	why would n't it be against the law to say it to someone through a computer?'	It is not the first time a suspect has been arrested due to a Facebook post.	Last November, it emerged that a New Mexico man had been detained and was facing charges after posting photos of stolen guns from an unsolved burglary on to the social networking site.	Suspect: Holmes (above) is facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail and a $2,500 fine.	Social network: The suspect said she plans to appeal against her charge, which stemmed from her behavior on Facebook (file picture).	She warned other social media users:'Be careful what you put on the internet' Police said they lacked any leads until the victim spotted pictures of his stolen guns on the Facebook page of his friend, Christopher Banegas, whom the victim had not suspected prior to the discovery.	Banegas, thought to be a father in his late 30s, was later charged with aggravated burglary, larceny of a firearm, and tampering with evidence in relation to the crime, according to KOB-TV.	Holmes, whose Facebook page is filled with photos of her three pet dogs, plans to appeal against her charge.
Tensions between Marine Le Pen, the leader of the French National Front, and her father have escalated, as the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended having described Nazi gas chambers as a'detail of history'.	In words which will revive accusations that the far-Right party remains anti-Semitic, Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had'never regretted' making similar statements in the past.	His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she'deeply disagrees' with her'deliberately provocative' father.	Tensions between French National Front leader Marine Le Pen (right) and her father worsened today as the founder of the far-right party (left) defended having described Nazi gas chambers as a'detail of history' Reigniting old tensions, Mr Le Pen, who is the founding father of the National Front (FN) and still an MEP, said:'What I said corresponds to what I think.	'The gas chambers were a detail of the war, unless we admit that the war was a detail of the gas chambers!'	During an interview on BFM TV in Paris, Mr Le Pen said'the truth' should'not shock anyone', and that historical reality should not be used to portray him as anti-Jewish.	'This case was manipulated against me by introducing a hint of anti-Semitism,' said Mr Le Pen.'	I challenge anyone to name an anti-Semitic phrase in my political life.	'Repeatedly questioned about the Holocaust, Mr Le Pen said:'War is horrible, you know, a piece of shrapnel that tears your stomach, a bomb that decapitates you, a room in which you are asphyxiated, it's all pretty disgusting, it's true.'	Firebrand: Reigniting old tensions, Mr Le Pen, who is the founding father of the National Front (FN) and still an MEP, said:'The gas chambers were a detail of the war' Mr Le Pen's daughter, Marine Le Pen, is now the leader of the National Front (FN) and has tried to steer it away from its anti-Semitic and racist roots.	Speaking to the website of Le Figaro daily about her father, she said:' I deeply disagree with him.'	I take note of what he said but I believe that those coming over to vote for us understand what is going on.	He is being deliberately provocative.'	Ms Le Pen's party regularly wins up to 25 per cent of the popular vote at local and regional elections, and Ms Le Pen intends to stand for the job of president in 2017.	Under her leadership, the party has deepened its roots across France, winning outright control of some town halls and getting its officials elected onto the councils of'departements', broadly the equivalent of counties.	Polls suggest she could make it into the second-round run-off of a presidential election but is unlikely to win.	While other FN officials have been stripped of their party membership for racism, there has been no move to bar Jean-Marie Le Pen from a party of which he still holds the title of honorary president.	He is popular with many FN members and will stand as a candidate in December's regional elections, despite having been convicted on numerous occasions of being anti-Jewish and for'inciting racial hatred'.	Distanced herself from comments: Speaking to the website of Le Figaro daily, Marine Le Pen said:' I deeply disagree with him... He is being deliberately provocative' He has regularly made the comment about the Holocaust, telling the European Parliament in 2009:' I just said that the gas chambers were a detail of Second World War history, which is clear.'	Mr Le Pen was first convicted by a Munich court in 1999 for'minimising the Holocaust' after telling a German far-right meeting that Nazi concentration camps and the gas chambers are'what one calls a detail'.	He has had a string of other convictions, including ones for violence and was briefly banned from being an MEP in 2003 following a physical attack on a French Socialist MEP.	Jews have complained of increasing anti-Semitism in France, much of it stirred up by far-right activists.	The Nazi Holocaust extended to France between 1940 and 1944, when thousands of Jews were entrained from cities like Paris to the German gas chambers.
A New Zealand couple needed a home upon returning home after living in the UK, so they built one on the back of an old flatbed truck.	Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love.	The result was a solar-powered two-bedroom, wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in Nelson, New Zealand.	How a truck becomes a home: A New Zealand couple built this country home on the bed of a flatbed truck.	Making do: Alex (left) and Hannah (right) wanted a home that was cozy and all their own, but could n't afford to buy a full-sized lot.	'We came back to New Zealand from the UK in 2009,' Alex told Smoking Tire.	'We knew we could n't afford to buy property at that point.	We did n't have money.'	So, the couple started building.	After a year and a half of taking the project one step at a time, the project took shape.	Though, to hear Hannah tell it, they just slapped up the place in a weekend.'	[ We ] welded a frame, put the wood on and built this house,' the modest Kiwi told Smoking Tire's Matt Farah.	Once they finished, the couple drove their truck home out to a lot they'd purchased in Nelson, New Zealand.	Now the couple and their cat live surrounded by nature: aromatic cypress wood inside the home and majestic trees and a babbling brook outside their door.	Ingenuity: The couple started with a steel frame and slowly, project by project, built a home in about a year and a half.	Gorgeous: Hannah and Alex now have a gorgeous, wood-lined home in a lot surrounded by trees and a babbling brook.	Details: The couple has a wood-fired stove to keep out the cold, stained glass windows and other creature comforts.	They're nearly self-sufficient, too.	The home is powered mostly by solar panels.	Alex said their first power bill was just $25.	The stove and hot water are gas-powered and water comes from a nearby spring.'	I did n't want to live inside a plastic box,' Alex said.	'Not because I'm a hippie but because it feels nicer and is just a nicer place to be.'	All told, the project cost Hannah and Alex about $25,000.	And the couple even plans to build another one like one day.	'It's really, really nice,' Hannah said.	'We love it.'	Two bedrooms: The home has a bedroom for the couple as well as a loft that doubles as a spare room where the cat sleeps.	Green: Water comes from a nearby spring and most of the electricity comes from solar panels.
Rapper Vanilla Ice.	avoided prosecution in Florida on Thursday after agreeing to a.	plea deal over a grand theft charge from February, his attorney said.	'He's pretty thrilled.	He's never really been in trouble.	like this before so obviously he was nervous,' said defense.	lawyer Bradford Cohen of Fort Lauderdale.	The rapper, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared.	in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday.	He agreed to.	perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the.	estate of a neighbor in Lantana for allegedly stealing furniture.	and pool equipment from the $1million home, according to the pre-trial intervention.	deal.	Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge.	He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home.	Police say Van Winkle stole items from this house in Lantana, Florida, while he was filming his reality show inside an adjacent home.	Van Winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the.	crime, but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no.	criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement, Cohen.	said.	The grand theft charge was a third-degree felony which.	carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $5,000.	fine.	The items that were taken from the house were returned to their owner.	The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star, who.	famously rapped that'anything less than the best is a felony' in his 1990s hit song'Ice Ice Baby,' said at the time of his.	arrest in February that the situation had been'overblown'.	The rapper's home currently is under construction and also.	is the site of his latest venture, a reality TV show for the DIY.	Network called The Vanilla Ice Project.	While there were items in the home (pictured above) at the time of the alleged theft, no one else was in the property.	Authorities believe Van Winkle stole furniture, a pool heater (pictured above), bicycles and other items from the home.	Cohen said Van Winkle is happy to have the charge resolved.	before the kickoff of season five of his television series.	Van Winkle, who is also a general contractor, regularly.	performs community service, his lawyer said, including a project.	two weeks ago to build a swimming pool for a quadriplegic.	firefighter.	His community service under the plea deal must take place at.	a Habitat for Humanity project in Palm Beach County.	At the time of his arrest, Van Winkle also was accused of.	burglary although prosecutors never formally filed that charge.	Van Winkle all along said the incident was a.	misunderstanding.	Cohen said most of the items he was accused of.	stealing had been left outside the home by squatters who had.	been vandalizing the unoccupied property.	In his DIY Network show, The Vanilla Ice Project, Van Winkle and a crew renovate and flip homes.	Van Winkle (center) was released from the Palm Beach County Jail on a $6,000 bond after his arrest in February.	Van Winkle has been married to wife Laura since 1997 and they have two daughters together.	This is not his first brush with the law ; in 1991, he was arrested and pleaded no contest for threatening a homeless man with a gun.	A decade later, he was arrested by Florida police and spent a night in jail for assaulting his wife as they argued while driving.	He admitted that he had pulled her hair, but said it was to stop her from jumping out of their truck, and was sentenced to probation and attended family therapy sessions.	In 2008, Van Winkle was arrested for allegedly assaulting his wife again - but was released the following day after she said he had only pushed her.	The case was dropped two weeks later.
It's been a good month for Andy Murray.	If tying the knot with childhood sweetheart Kim Sears was n't enough, Murray has now witnessed two Barcelona victories in less than a week as he watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat PSG with best man Ross Hutchins.	Taking time away from clay court training with Jonas Bjorkman, Murray was spotted at the Nou Camp during Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash.	And the British No 1 seemed in good spirits as he watched the Catalan giants defeat their rivals 2-0 with retired tennis player Hutchins.	Andy Murray (left) attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG.	Murray watched Lionel Messi and co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins.	It was the second time in less than a week that Murray had visited the Nou Camp after attending on Saturday.	Neymar's first-half brace ensured Barcelona progressed to the Champions League semi-finals with a comprehensive victory.	It's the second time Murray has watched Luis Enrique's side during his time in Barcelona in less than a week.	The 27-year-old watched from the stands on Saturday as Messi scored his 400th career goal in the 2-0 victory over Valencia.	Murray is set to take place in the BMW Open in Munich later this month before he returns to Spain in May for the Madrid Masters.	Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.	Neymar's first-half brace ensured Barcelona progressed to the Champions League semi-finals.
When Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark, her parents were assured it was nothing to worry about.	But within weeks it had nearly killed her, after doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply.	At just 10 weeks old, she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her.	Jasmine Midgley nearly died after a birthmark began blocking her airways.	Her parents Tanja and Steven were warned she may not survive.	In the days after her birth, the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her.	Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.	Despite several trips to the GP and A&E, her parents Tanja and Steven, of Stockton-on-Tees, had been repeatedly told their daughter had bronchiolitis.	This is a common infection of the upper airways that most often affects babies and young children.	But when antibiotics failed to help Jasmine's severe cold-like symptoms, she was kept in the University Hospital of North Tees overnight.	Her life-threatening problem was only detected the next day when a new doctor came onto the ward and noticed the birthmark - which by now had spread all over her neck - was cutting off her air supply.	Doctors explained the birthmark had sparked the problems because of a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma.	Haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.	They usually appear days to weeks after birth and the type that affected Jasmine occur in the breathing passage, just below the vocal cords.	If they grow and are left untreated, they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties.	Mrs Midgeley, 39, a full-time mother, said:' I had my suspicions the birth mark might have been responsible for Jasmine's illness.	'We'd been told that it was nothing to worry about, even though it had spread all over her neck by this stage.	Despite several trips to the GP and A&E, her parents Tanja and Steven, of Stockton-on-Tees, had been repeatedly told their daughter had bronchiolitis - a common infection of the airways.	Jasmine was treated successfully with medication which shrunk the blood vessels over two weeks.	Her mother claims doctors were surprised she survived.	'The new doctor took one look at her and knew right away that her sickness was connected to it.'	Jasmine's birthmark did n't become visible until she was about a week old.	Her mother added:'It continued to grow and Steven mentioned that it was getting a lot bigger.	'But all my kids had birthmarks and I told him they just disappear on their own.	She added:'It was n't until we were in hospital and the nurse mentioned it that we put two and two together.'	After being seen by a doctor, Jasmine was transferred to the Royal Victoria Infirmary in Newcastle and taken into theatre for a closer examination.	Meanwhile her father, the manager of a waste transfer centre, began Googling his daughter's symptoms.	Mrs Midgley said:'We were really scared.	The search brought up some horrible pictures but at the same time, I felt we were in the best possible place and she was getting the attention she needed.	Now four months old, Jasmine is thriving.	Her father said:'She is so much happier and settled.	It's really scary to think that she was essentially choking on this birthmark and we did n't know''When the doctors and nurses wheeled Jasmine back in they were grey - they could n't believe what they had found.'	Jasmine was treated successfully with medication which shrunk the blood vessels over two weeks and her mother claims doctors were surprised she survived.	Haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.	They usually appear days to weeks after birth and can occur anywhere in the body.	In the head and neck, haemangiomas can be located on or around the face, eyes, ears, saliva glands, mouth, and tongue.	The type that affected Jasmine occur in the breathing passage, just below the vocal cords, and are called'subglottic hemangiomas'.	If they grow and are left untreated, they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties.	Subglottic hemangiomas may form a large mass in the subglottic airway causing varying degrees of airway obstruction.	Many require active intervention because of their life-threatening nature in the airway.	Symptoms of one include:.	Croup-like cough.	Noisy breathing when inhaling and exhaling.	Difficulty breathing.	Now four months old, Jasmine is thriving.	Mr Midgley, 43, said:'She is a completely different baby now, she is so much happier and settled.	'It's really scary to think that she was essentially choking on this birthmark and we did n't know.'	A spokesman for North Tees and Hartlepool NHS Foundation Trust said:'Birthmarks like these are very rare and difficult to spot.	'We're very pleased that the problem was identified the very next morning and Jasmine got the care she needed.'	Her father has now decided to run more than 100 miles in races, triathlons and obstacle courses to raise money for The Sick Children's Trust.	The charity supported the family when Jasmine was being treated in February, putting them up free of charge near the Royal Victoria Infirmary.	He said:'It was invaluable to us as it meant Tanja and I could stay nearby the hospital while Jasmine was in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit and we could be just seconds away if we were needed.	'It was an absolute godsend and gave us some normality throughout the ordeal.'	Mr Midgley who only quit his 40-a-day smoking habit seven months ago, is now taking part in the dozen events, over the spring and summer, and running weekly parkruns, to raise money for the charity.	To support the fundraising effort visit: https://www.justgiving.com/Steven-Midgley/ or facebook.com/teammidge .
Prince Harry will go on tough bush patrols and take part in'indigenous engagement' programmes during his four-week secondment with Australian Defence Force, Kensington Palace has revealed.	The prince is due to arrive in Australia on the 6th April and will split his time between capital Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth.	On arrival, Harry will be taken straight to the Australian War Memorial on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty.	On his way: Harry will deploy to Australia next week and will begin with a visit to the Australian War Memorial.	Last trip: Harry last headed Down Under in 2013 when he took part in Navy celebrations.	First though, he will pay his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, where he will be joined by Governor General Sir Peter Cosgrove.	Afterwards, the 30-year-old will tour the World War I and Afghanistan galleries before meeting members of the public.	Harry will then report to Australia's defence chief, Air Chief Marshal Mark Binskin, and army boss Lieutenant General David Morrison for duty.	'Prince Harry is tremendously looking forward to starting his four week attachment with the ADF,' said a source.	'It has been an opportunity he has been keen to explore for a couple of years now and is delighted to be able to do it before completing his military service with the British Armed Forces later this year.'	News of Harry's deployment Down Under emerged two weeks ago, when Kensington Palace announced that the prince would be ending his army career after a decade of service.	This month's secondment to Australia will be one of the final acts of his military life, which will come to an end this summer.	Afterwards, the prince will travel to Africa to work on charitable projects before returning to the UK to take part in the Walk of Britain with injured veterans to support Walking With the Wounded.	During his Australian military career, Captain Wales, as he is known in the Army, will take part in urban training exercises, regional bush patrols and joint fire exercises, and will also spend time meeting the local Aboriginal population.	He will also briefly travel back in order to visit Turkey with the Prince of Wales later this month in order to take part in a memorial service for the men who fought and died at Gallipoli.	The World War I battle, which pitted British forces against the Ottoman Empire, claimed the lives of 34,000 British soldiers, 8,700 Australians and 2,721 New Zealanders.	Making friends: On that occasion, Harry met some of the locals and even pulled faces for a little boy.	Warm welcome: Prince Harry was met by crowds of well-wishers during his last visit in October 2013.	Harry has visited Australia twice before, most recently in 2013 when he took part in the International Fleet Review in Sydney.	Harry has served with the Australian Armed Forces in the past, most notably during his two tours of Afghanistan.	'He has met [ Australian troops ] during the Invictus Games and even trekked to the South Pole with a couple of Australian soldiers,' added the spokesman.	'Those experiences reinforced the huge admiration and respect he already had for Australian servicemen and women and has stoked his enthusiasm even more to build on those relationships in the next four weeks.	Entertainer: Harry also met Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his wife and two daughters Bridget and Frances.	'He knows he will learn a huge amount from his Australian colleagues during this attachment and he is grateful to the ADF for producing such a varied and interesting programme for him.	'He is also looking forward to learning how wounded, injured and ill servicemen and women are supported here in Australia and hopes to pass on some of his experience from his current role in the UK.	'Prince Harry has been to Australia twice before, so he knows he is in for a great experience.	He particularly appreciates the opportunity to pay his respects to the fallen by traveling straight to the Australian War Memorial in Canberra upon arrival into the country on Monday, and fully appreciates the significance of commemoration in this centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign.'
Horticulturalists have urged people to halt the'grey sprawl' in Britain which is seeing grass and flowers in front gardens replaced by concrete.	More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over - raising the risk of flooding and reducing available habitats for wildlife.	And there are not just environmental consequences of replacing grass and wild flowers with brick, as the sight of a green garden is said to boost people's mood.	More than 7million gardens in Britain have now been paved over and the RHS is calling for people to plant hedges, trees and flowers to turn the UK green again - as grassy well kept gardens boost mood.	The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife, improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures and the risk of flooding.	Alistair Griffiths, RHS director of science and collections, said:'Many of us get a boost by simply looking at a beautiful garden or having access to green space.	'So instead of paving over green we can all play a part in reducing the grey and brightening it, and us, up with some plants.	'On top of making us feel better and happier, if hundreds and thousands of people across the country across the country grew more plants of different varieties in gardens and community spaces, it would all help to improve our air quality, benefit us, our wildlife and reduce temperatures and flooding risks.	The society has issued advise for people to transform their gardens by planting a tree, hedge and a shrub.	The RHS has launched a three year'greening grey Britain' campaign in a bid to transform 6,000 unloved grey, concrete spaces into planted-up areas.	A survey of 2,000 people by the organisation found that 95 per cent thought being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood.	More than 60 per cent said looking at a street of paved-over front gardens saddened them.	The RHS says replace paving with plants.	The RHS has suggested people can transform their concrete front gardens by planting five things ;.	a tree - intercept intense rain and slow run-off, helping reduce risk of floods.	a hedge - provide areas of shade.	a shrub - create extra habitats for wildlife which can promote growing of more plants.	a climber - cool buildings.	a perennial plant - reduce pressure on drains which can lead to flash flooding.	The poll also found that 60 per cent of people worry about paved front gardens and flooding.	The society is offering tips on how to transform grey areas.	Tips include pulling up a paving stone and planting it up, to creating window boxes and planting trees and climbers in front gardens which can cool buildings.	Around 30,000 volunteers who worked on the Britain in Bloom competition will also help transform concrete Britain into a greener space in the three years of the campaign.
A runaway cab driver ended up sending a pedestrian tumbling through the air before crashing into a bus stop full of waiting passengers.	The chilling footage was posted on Facebook and shows the cab throwing 25-year-old Kadeem Brown across a median in the Bronx, New York.	The conditions were so icy at the time he slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop.	His green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark who was five.	She was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by the cab.	WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES.	Fatal blow: A store owner posted video that shows the moment a cab hits a pedestrian in the Bronx, killing him.	The victim is seen in the red circle.	Careening: Kadeem Brown, 25, can be seen sliding across the ice after being knocked over by a passing taxi.	Shocking: Brown can be seen laying on the ground as horrified onlookers attempt to summon help.	'Accident happened at 170 and Grand Concourse in front of my bodega,' Facebook user Junior Papi Sanchez posted online.	Police say Emilo Garcia, the 44-year-old driver, suffered a seizure moments before the crash on Friday evening.	Despite the impact, he reportedly continued driving another 100 feet or so, before jumping a curb and crashing into the group waiting at the bus stop.	He finally smashed into the side of a building.	Mr Brown died at the scene, while the little girl who is not featured in the video died a short time later.	Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but has not been not been charged with any crime.	Gone too soon: Kadeem Brown, 25, was killed.'	A state and city licensed driver has killed two people in broad daylight,' said Charles Komanoff of the safe street group Right of Way.	'The public has every right to demand that everything about the crash and the driver be dug up and made public.'	A memorial service was held for Brown Wednesday evening at Mount Carmel Pentecostal Church, and he will be buried Thursday morning.	Grieving relatives and friends of Brown posted memories of him on a fundraising page for his family.'	I always admired him, and said that's how our young men should act and carry themselves,' wrote his friend's aunt Tia Linder.	'He was destined for greatness, but God had a much higher calling for him.	You can tell a person's true character by what others say about them when they are no longer here.'	Another pal wrote that he was always the first friend to wish her a happy birthday.	In heaven: Tierre Clarke, 5, was tragically killed on Friday, March 20th when a taxi jumped the curb while waiting for the bus with her mother.	'He was down to earth, and always gave an ear when needed,' wrote Renesha Barrett.'	I miss him already.'	Little Tierre Clark died at Lincoln Hospital.	'She loved to sing and dance -- that was Tierre,' said the girl's devastated grandmother, Liz Romani, 58 told the Daily News.	She would just be walking down the street and break into song.	She loved whatever popular music was out.'	'We'd be watching TV, some sitcom, and she would just break into song and start dancing,' Romani said through tears.	The family are attempting to raise funds for a funeral for their daughter by also using a crowdfunding page.	Crash: The New York City cab driver who killed a five-year-old girl and a 25-year-old man after mounting a curb on Friday has been stripped of his TLC license.	Above, the driver's smashed-up taxi.	Smashed in: The unidentified male driver, 44, was reportedly traveling along the snowy Grand Concourse service road near 170th Street in the Bronx when he swerved on to the sidewalk.	Above, police at the scene.	Fatal: The man's green-colored taxi struck and killed Kadeem Brown and little Tierre Clark, who were part of a group of people waiting at a bus stop on the road (pictured).	A man, 55, and Tierre's mother were left injured.	Police at the scene: Emergency crews arrived at the bustling Grand Concourse, where they discovered Mr Brown and Miss Clark lying unresponsive on the ground.	Mr Brown, who lived nearby, was pronounced dead.
Lib Dem campaigner Michelle Gent used her party's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business.	A Liberal Democrat campaigner has been exposed as a dominatrix who used the party's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business.	Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online.	The former Lib Dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.	Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.	A source told Matthew Drake, for the Sunday Mirror, that actors at auditions for one of Ms Gent's films, The Exorcist Chronicles, were told to'prepare for anything'.	The source, who walked out of an audition, said:'They were pushing people to be more and more extreme.	Michelle acted like an X Factor judge.	'There were girls flashing, pretending to play with themselves, screaming, faking orgasms and kissing each other in the hope they would be picked for the lead role.'	Ms Gent, a grandmother-of-one, explained the plot of the film during an interview for a bizarre movie reviews website.	She said:'The movie is about a spate of demonic possessions.	The Vatican are getting worried about the frightening increase in occurrences of the possessions and need to do something about it.	They send out an unusual team -- a Priest, Father Jan, and a Scientist, Daryl Lux.	'It's a movie that has many levels of perception.	If you want to look deeper into the meanings, then it's certainly possible.	Try it, have fun with it.	It may take a few viewings to see everything, but I find that kind of thing fascinating.	It's been very cleverly done I think.'	Ms Gent's other films include Dead Walkers: Rise of the 4th Reich and Awesome Killer Auditions.	Michelle Gent (pictured left in a poster for one of her films) directed and starred in violent films, some of which showed women bound with leather straps.	The former councillor used the party's headquarters (pictured) in Ashfield, Nottingham, for auditions for The Exorcist Chronicles.	The offices have since been sold.	Sordid: The violent films (poster pictured), which are sold online, feature whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women.	Ms Gent was a county councillor in Nottinghamshire from 2009 to 2013 before losing her seat,.	She used the party's offices in Ashfield for her film business in 2012 - the same offices which have been visited by former Liberal Democrat party president Tim Farron.	The headquarters were owned by Councillor Rachel Madden, who is believed to have recently sold them for # 80,000.	A Lib Dem spokesman said:'Neither Rachel Madden or the Ashfield Liberal Democrat Party was aware that the space used there by Michelle Gent on May 20, 2012 was being used for purposes related to the films.'	The spokesman accepted that auditions for The Exorcist Chronicles were held there, but said Ms Gent's movies were'commercially available horror' films, rather than bondage or porn.	MailOnline has contacted Ms Gent for comment.
An eight-year-old boy who was made an outcast in his village and described by his own family as a'ticking time bomb' because he has HIV has been given a home at last.	In a case that was condemned around the world, Luo Kun Kun was expelled from his village when locals - including his own grandfather - signed a petition to banish him to'protect villagers' health'.	Following that cold-hearted decision, the mournful child explained how,'nobody plays with me, I play alone'.	But now a specialist school in Linfen, a city in southern Shanxi Province, has stepped in to help.	The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children.	Kun Kun was refused admission to schools and locals would avoid contact with him, so he spent his days playing in the woods alone.	The five-year-old has now been admitted a place at the Red Ribbon School in Linfen, China,.	After being banished from his village, Kun Kun finally has a home where he is cared for and looked after.	Kun Kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old.	His mother and stepfather worked in other provinces, so he was raised near the town of Xichong with his non-blood-related grandparents, who had adopted his stepfather as a child.	The boy was refused admission to local schools and locals would avoid contact with him, so he spent his days playing in the woods alone.	When he was diagnosed, his grandparents found themselves isolated in their village of Shufangya in south-eastern China's Sichuan province and so sided with the locals.	At a special meeting on December 7 last year, 203 village residents signed a petition asking the authorities to'carry out preventative isolation measures by taking Kun Kun away from the village, and protect the health of the villagers and children'.	It went on to say that Kun Kun'provokes fear among the community'.	He was also referred to as a'ticking time bomb'.	Wang Yishu, party chief of Shufangya village, said:'The villagers sympathise with him, he is innocent, and only a small child.	But his AIDS is too scary for us'.	Kun Kun was forced to play alone in his home village, but has now been admitted to a specialist school.	The Sichuan government contacted the school in Linfen when Kun Kun's plight made worldwide headlines.	However the future is now looking up for Kun Kun, after he was given a place at the boarding school last week.	The Sichuan government contacted the school in Linfen when Kun Kun's desperate plight made worldwide headlines.	Headteacher Guo Xiaoping said:' A good social and educational environment is important for Kun Kun and with the help of teachers, he is more open and polite than before'.	He added:'Kun Kun's physical strength is notably below that of the other students.	Fortunately, he has been sent here in time, and started taking medication last November.	At Kunkun's age, it's crucial that he undergoes proper treatment.'	Kun Kun did not say a word when he arrived at the school, according to the headteacher, but can study and talk like a normal student now.	The devastating case of Kun Kun has highlighted the stigma attached to the disease in China.	The child was forced out of his village when villagers signed a petition asking the authorities to remove him.	The petition signed by villagers said Kun Kun'provokes fear among the community' and referred to him as a'ticking time bomb' Knowledge of HIV/AIDS in China is worse in poor, rural areas, such as the community Kun Kun is from.	Kun Kun was banished from the village of Shufangya, near the town of Xichong (shown on this map).	The case of Kun Kun has highlighted the stigma attached to the disease in China, where many sufferers face widespread discrimination.	The problem is so great, even medical workers sometimes refuse to touch those diagnosed with the disease.	The latest figures released by China's National Health and Family Planning Commission showed a total of 497,000 people in China have been diagnosed with HIV/AIDS since the country's first case in 1985.	China has a population of 1.36 billion.	Knowledge of HIV/AIDS is worse in poor, rural areas, such as the community Kun Kun is from, experts have said.	Officials are reportedly planning to educate the villagers who banished Kun Kun through a campaign.	The Nanjing-based anti-discrimination NGO Justice for All wrote a letter to party chiefs in Sichuan calling on them to punish school chiefs and local officials for their'Cultural Revolution style', a reference to the Mao Zedong-inspired public denunciations of'foes'.	'We can not imagine how Kun Kun will grow up and look back on the experience of childhood,' said a draft of the letter.
Meet Allie Davis, a woman so obsessed with Beyonce that she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer, along with questions about other pop stars, in order to stay with her.	Yesterday, Allie, 21, based in Minneapolis, delivered her beau the ten-question document, which she dubbed'The Official Allie Davis Relationship Test', and informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent'to stay in the relationship'.	She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter, revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent, for diligently answering questions mainly about Beyonce's songs.	Prove it: Allie Davis, 21, (pictured) is so obsessed with Beyonce that yesterday she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer in order to stay with her.	Passed: She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter (pictured), revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent.	After a series of questions about Beyonce's songs, and those of other artists, Allie demands:'Briefly explain the Solange Knowles elevator incident.	Who was involved?'	Allie's very obedient boyfriend scrawled in response:' A billion dollars, and Jay Z got punched.'	This question referred to last year's legendary family fracas at New York's Met Gala, when Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles viciously attacked Beyonce's husband Jay Z following a heated row.	Beyonce, 33, later mysteriously sang in her Flawless remix with fellow songstress Nicki Minaj:'Of course sometimes s ** t goes down when there's a billion dollars on an elevator.'	After a series of questions about Beyonce's songs, and those of other artists, Allie demands,'Briefly explain the Solange Knowles elevator incident.	Who was involved?'	Allie also dropped in a few questions about some of her other famous popstars, One Direction included.	Allie's Twitter bio reads' I met Beyonce [ left ] at Top Shop and life will never be the same', and the young blonde also appears to be quite the fan of One Direction's Harry Styles (right).	Allie - whose Twitter bio reads' I met Beyonce at Top Shop and life will never be the same' - also dropped in a few questions about some of her other famous popstars, One Direction included.	Asked to list the first names of three members of the British boy band, Allie's boyfriend incorrectly answered with'Harry' and'Zack' - to which Allie wrote on the sheet of paper:'WTF No.'	He did manage to get the last question on the exam right, however, by correctly identifying that'no', Harry Styles should not cut his hair.	Allie, whose Twitter handle is'Yonce', later shared a blank copy of the exam with her 2,000 + followers for them to partake themselves,'to make sure that they're in the right relationship.'	Sharing is caring: Allie, whose Twitter handle is'Yonce', later shared a blank copy of the exam with her 2,000 + followers for them to partake themselves (pictured),'to make sure that they're in the right relationship' At least one commentator took the stunt very seriously, writing on Buzzfeed:'Dump her ass... this is a HUGE warning sign.	[ Do n't ] put up with this kind of deluded psycho act.'	Allie then explained in her defence:'It literally took five minutes to write and I did it because I was bored and I like to mess with my boyfriend.'	She later added:'When some people call you nuts and psychotic because of a funny Beyonce joke #lightenup'.
When father-of-three Sean McCabe got the devastating news that he had just two months to live he set about organising the funeral - choosing the music and even booking the church.	But in an extraordinary twist his cancer went into remission and he has now changed his reservation for his wedding to his fiancee Lisa Williams.	Mr McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, even wrote a goodbye letter to his children for his partner to read to them once he had died after he was told he had stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma.	Scroll down for video.	Sean McCabe planned his own funeral after he was told he had just two months to live, but after making a recovery he was told he was in remission and has rebooked the church for his wedding to Lisa Williams (left).	'When the doctors said my chances of survival were slim, all I could think about was Lisa and the kids.	I did n't know how they would cope without me,' said Mr McCabe, a security guard.	'Planning my funeral seemed like a way of easing the strain for them, as it would be one less ordeal for them to deal with.'	The father-of-three was diagnosed with cancer in June 2013, then aged 28, and was started on an intensive chemotherapy course.	He was given the all-clear in September but just two months later told the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form.	He was expected to live for eight weeks.	Mr McCabe was told his cancer had returned aggressively and is pictured after chemotherapy in 2014.	Doing all he could to cope with his diagnosis, Mr McCabe booked St David's Church for his funeral, in late January 2014.	He instructed Miss Williams to ensure his favourite song,'Who You Are' by Jessie J was played, and ordered mourners not to wear black.	As preparations got underway he picked the site for his family to scatter his ashes, and penned a heart-wrenching letter to be read to his children after his death, telling them:' I do n't want to leave you or mammy, but I have n't got an option.'	But he managed to make a remarkable recovery and was told his cancer is now in remission.	He said:' A year ago I was planning my funeral at that church, and now I'm planning our wedding there.	The father-of-three (centre) made a miraculous recovery and is pictured with his family (from left to right) Sumer McCabe, 8, Lisa Williams, 30, Asia McCabe, 7, and Kian McCabe, 12.	Mr McCabe wrote a note to this three children to be read out to them by their mother after he died.	'When Lisa walks down the aisle with our children as page boy and flower girls I'll be fighting back tears, because we could have been in that church under very different circumstances.'	He is now due to marry Miss Williams July 25, surrounded by their three children Kian, 11, eight-year-old Summer and Asia, six.	The couple have been together for 12 years.	Miss Williams said:'It's been a real rollercoaster ride, but I'm thrilled to finally being married to the man of my dreams.	'He may have planned his own funeral, but I will definitely not let him plan the wedding all on his own.'	Mr McCabe is pictured with Miss Williams before he got ill (left), and in December 2012 with his son Kian, just before he began to feel pain and went to his GP.	In December 2013 Mr McCabe was told he had a 20 per cent chance of survival (left).	The next year he was undergoing chemotherapy and about to have a bone marrow transplant (right) after the cancer returned.	Mr McCabe has revealed the contents of the letter he wrote to this three children.	It said:'To Kian, Summer, Asia, the most amazing children.	'You have given me the best years of my life.	Now I want you to know Daddy loves you and you will always be in my thoughts.'	I do n't want to leave you or mammy, but I have n't got an option.	Mr McCabe, 30, said he is looking forward to marrying his long term partner Lisa Williams (left).	In December 2014 Mr McCabe was recovering and had been told his cancer was now in remission.	Mr McCabe's fiancee and three children went out to celebrate his cancer being in remission in December 2014.	'Daddy has to you to heaven and you might not see me, but I will be watching over you always.'	I want you to be happy because that makes me happy.	'Now turn that frown upside down and be big and brave for Daddy, ok.	Xxxxxxxxxx.	'And Kian my handsome boy, look after your two sisters for me and mammy.	For me, butty.	Love you all always and forever and ever.	Daddy.'
Furious 7 has raced to.	the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $143.6.	million in its opening weekend.	The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of.	April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America:.	The Winter Soldier, and now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise.	It also ranks.	ninth among the top ten openings in history.	Much as The Dark Knight turned into a memorial for Heath.	Ledger, audiences flocked to see star Paul Walker in one of his.	final roles.	Scroll down for video.	Furious 7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office chart, picking up a massive $143.6 million in its opening weekend.	Audiences flocked over the weekend to see actor Paul Walker in one of his final roles before his untimely death in 2013 at the age of 40.	The actor died in a 2013 car crash at the age of 40.	and his work on the film was completed using digital technology.	and a series of stand-ins.	'This is a bittersweet installment in the franchise,' said.	Phil Contrino, vice president and chief analyst at.	BoxOffice.com.'	[ Walker's ] passing made this movie more.	intriguing for people who had n't seen some of the installments.	It raised awareness and its success is a tribute to him.'	Universal Pictures spared no expense in bringing the latest.	chapter in the fast cars and gravity-defying-stunts series to.	the big screen, shelling out $190 million on the production.	It opened in 4,003 North American theaters, earning $14 million.	on 365 Imax screens and $11.5 million from premium large format.	screens.	Going into the weekend, most analysts estimated that.	the film would open in the $115 million range.	Foreign numbers were just as strong.	Internationally, the film.	rolled out across 10,500 screens in 63 territories, earning.	$240.4 million.	'This is the next member of the billion dollar club and.	that's a rarefied place to be,' said Contrino.	'This thing is on.	fire.'	Furious 7 stars Tyrese Gibson as Roman, Michelle Rodriguez as Letty, Paul Walker as Brian and Chris Ludacris as Tej.	1.	Furious 7, $143.6 m.	2.	Home, $27.4 m.	3.	Get Hard, $12.9 m.	4.	Cinderella, $10.3 m.	5.	The Divergent Series: Insurgent, $10m.	6.	It Follows, $2.5 m.	7.	Woman in Gold, $2m.	8.	Kingsman: The Secret Service, $1.7 m.	9.	Do You Believe, $1.5 m.	10.	The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, $1m.	With an A CinemaScore and strong reviews, Furious 7 could.	be one of the few modern blockbusters that hangs on for more.	than a few weeks.	The month of April is lean on blockbuster fare.	and Furious 7 wo n't get serious competition until The.	Avengers: Age of Ultron debuts on May 1.	The opening weekend crowd was impressively diverse, a.	testament to a series that has drawn strength from its.	multi-cultural cast.	The audience was 51 percent male, 44 percent under age.	25, 37 percent Hispanic, 25 percent Caucasian, 24 percent African-American and 10 percent Asian.	'We're expanding our audience based on the diversity of.	interest from different ethnic groups all buying into saga of.	Dom Toretto and his family,' said Nick Carpou, Universal's.	president of domestic distribution, referencing the character.	played by Vin Diesel.	Last weekend's box office champion, DreamWorks Animation's Home, showed impressive stamina, falling less than 50 percent.	The.	animated tale picked up $27.4 million in its second week,.	pushing its domestic total to $95.6 million.	In third place, R-rated comedy Get Hard earned $12.9.	million.	The Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart team-up fell 62 percent from.	its opening number, bringing its stateside haul to $57 million.	Cinderella snagged a fourth place finish, picking up $10.3.	million stateside to push its domestic bounty to $167.3 million.	Globally, the Disney release is closing in on $400 million.	Walker died in a single-car accident on November 30, 2013 in his friend Roger Rodas's red 2005 Porsche Carrera GT.	The car crashed into a concrete lamppost and two trees in Santa Clarita, California, after which the vehicle burst into flames.	The Divergent Series: Insurgent rounded out the weekend.	top five, nabbing $10 million and driving the film to $103.4.	million domestically.	Among art house releases, Noah Baumbach's While We're.	Young expanded from four to 34 theaters, picking up $492,976.	The A24 release has earned $791,450 in two weeks.	Radius-TWC's It Follows also continued to expand, moving.	from 1,218 to 1,655, though its gross dipped 35 percent to $2.5.	million.	The critically adored horror film has made $8.5 million.	since debuting on March 13.	The Weinstein Company was particularly bullish on the.	reception for Woman In Gold, a drama about the fight to.	recover art stolen by the Nazis.	The film picked up $2 million.	from 258 locations and will expand to between 800 and 1,000.	venues this coming weekend.	'The film is definitely poised for a long, long run,' said.	Erik Lomis, the studio's distribution chief.	'That's a really.	solid start.'	Thanks to Furious 7, the overall box office reached $218.	million, the first time that ticket sales have crossed $200.	million over the Easter weekend.	'These huge results jump start momentum for the blockbuster,.	summer season, suggesting that 2015 is shaping up to be.	everything (and maybe even more) that the industry has been.	hoping for,' said Greg Foster, CEO of Imax Entertainment.
A disgruntled McDonald's customer has revealed why she allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old worker at the fast food chain over her order of fries.	Amy Johnson, from Sydney, said outside court on Thursday:'We checked our food and all the chips were not even in the cups.'	The 38-year-old mother saw red and is now facing serious assault charges after she allegedly grabbed the young woman by the neck and scratched her face.	Appearing at Newtown court, in Sydney's inner west, on Thursday, she said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the McDonald's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet.	'We gave the bag back and said, can you please place them in a cup?	,' Ms Johnson told Channel Nine News.	'She put her hands in the bag, no gloves or nothing, picked up the chips and shoved them in the boxes and gave back the bag and that's when we got angry and we threw the bag back and said "make us new chips".'	Scroll down for video.	38-year-old Amy Johnson faces two assault charges and has faced court today after she grabbed a teenage McDonald's worker around the neck and scratched her face.	The Daily Telegraph reported Ms Johnson was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on March 17 at 6.10 pm.	The assault allegedly happened after her $60 order went wrong.	When she received her food from the 16-year-old girl at the drive-through hatch, the woman allegedly threw it back into the window and demanded a new order.	The young female employee asked the driver to pull into the waiting bay while a new order was prepared.	But Ms Johnson then allegedly got out of the car and entered the store yelling at the teenager.	Police say she grabbed the 16-year-old by the neck and scratched her face before the 21-year-old manager intervened to stop her.	When she received her food from the 16-year-old girl at the drive-through hatch, the woman allegedly threw it back into the window and demanded a new order.	The 38-year-old woman was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore (pictured) in Sydney's inner west.	The manager grabbed the woman's hand and she allegedly scratched his arm before police were called and arrested her at the scene.	Ms Johnson claims that the fries had fallen out of their packaging and on request to have them repacked, the teenage attendant did so with her bare hands.	The mother asked to have them replaced and entered the shop after becoming impatient and became aggressive with the young worker.'	I said to her,'what do you think we are?'	and she said'you're an animal, you're a dog,' Johnson said.	'And then I lunged at her.'	Ms Johnson has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault.	She stayed silent through Thursday's court proceedings and has not yet entered a plea.	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
When she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child, Clare Van Santen was told she had breast cancer.'	I was pregnant with Elijah when I found out that I had breast cancer, so it was a bit scary wondering what was going to happen with the pregnancy and the other kids,' Ms Van Santen told Daily Mail Australia.	After undergoing a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children, and having a mastectomy, her son was born happy and most importantly, healthy.	'He had a full head of hair when he was born, and I was bald so that made me feel better,' Ms Van Santen, who is from Perth, joked.	Singe mother-of-five Clare Van Santen, 37, (back of image) is currently battling terminal breast cancer.	She is pictured here with her four youngest kids Susan 17, Nikita, 14, Jack, 12, Elijah, 9,.	The Perth woman was first diagnosed when she was pregnant with her fifth child, Elijah, now aged nine.	When she asked her doctor after all her treatment whether she was in remission, he told her that with breast cancer, if it is contained within the breast like hers was, you are essentially cured.	But ten years on, after living a life which she thought was cancer-free, the single mum-of-five has been told her cancer is now terminal.	Her biggest concern going forward is for her children, whose ages range from 20 to nine years old, and how they will live without her.'	I worry about how they're going to be and who's going to look after them, what's going to happen, how they're going to cope,' Ms Van Santen said.	After her initial diagnosis, the Perth woman learned in October 2013 her cancer had spread to her liver, and she also had a small amount in one of her shoulders.'	I went to have lap-band surgery and they did a scan of my liver and found some legions which ended up being cancer, little tiny bit in my shoulder too,' Ms Van Santen revealed.	Ms Van Santen has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children: Keisha, 20, Susan 17, Nikita, 14, Jack, 12, Elijah, 9, in the time she has left.	She was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005, but it has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain.	The 37-year-old has undergone coutnless chemotherapy and radiation treatments in the past decade.	Instead of the surgery she was supposed to have, she had to endure five months of chemotherapy and hormone treatments, which successfully shrunk the spots in her liver.	'For most people a Bucket List is something that has lots of adventurous things on it... My Bucket List is for me and my kids, so they can enjoy their home environment and that we can make as many happy memories as possible while I can.'	- Clare Van Santen.	Some of the items on the mother-of-five's list include:.	Then at the beginning of this year, Ms Van Santen began having some strange symptoms once again.	'I'd been having headaches and just forgetting things, and sometimes I'd read something and the worlds had been jumbled around.	'On February 14 I had a seizure and discovered the cancer had gone to my brain,' she revealed, saying the horrible event happened in front of three of her kids.	Radiation therapy is currently trying to shrink the ten tumors spread throughout her brain, but the cancer is inoperable, and devastatingly, terminal.	As for how much time Ms Van Santen has left with her children, it's impossible to know.	'They ca n't say,' she said, speaking of her doctors.	'They've said a few months to a few years.'	Ms Van Santen has a bucket list of things she hopes to do, see and experience with her family before her time is up, but life is much harder for her than it used to be.	With the time she has left she hopes to makeover the kids' rooms so they have their own sanctuary, get a'HUGE comfortable leather lounge for me and kids to sit on, so I can be with them', and fix up other things around the house.	Ms Van Santen also wants to go on a family holiday on a cruise, have a photo-shoot with her kids, and simply'make lots of little moments special'.	She has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer Care's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses.	Ms Van Santen, pictured here with eldest daughter Keisha, is not sure how much time she has left with her kids.	And perhaps the most important:'Finding someone who will love my kids nearly as much as I do!'	.	But the medication she currently on makes her more exhausted than'I've ever been in my life', and leaves her wiped out for days at a time.	However the mum-of-five said her life would be even more difficult if she did n't have the support of Breast Cancer Care, WA.	She has thrown her support behind the Buying Time Campaign, which aims to raise money which will go towards funding more breast cancer nurses and support services.	'I've rung them crying so many times,' Ms Van Santen revealed.	'Their support is so, so amazing.'	When a patient first receives their diagnosis and calls the care centre, they are allocated a nurse who helps them through their entire journey.	The nurses make house calls, ring and check up on them, send counsellors out to get people through tough times and help patients get connected with support groups.	She hopes to take her family on a holiday together, and get a photoshoot with everyone soon.	Ms Van Santen also hopes to raise awareness about the mortality rates of women with breast cancer.	'They help with everything, if you need some financial help, or you need legal help, if you need a lift...' Ms Van Santen said.'	(And) it's good to be able to speak to other people going through the same thing,' she added, speaking of the help she received through her Stage 4 support group.	Through her involvement in this campaign, Ms Van Santen also wants to help raise awareness about the mortality rates of women who suffer from breast cancer.	She has questioned why she is classified as a'survivor' because she has lived for more than five years after her diagnosis, but will still eventually succumb to the disease.	Ms Van Santen said she would like to see more research done on Stage 4, or terminal, breast cancer because even though hers was detected early, it will still eventually take her life.	'So much money goes into awareness for breast cancer, but no money goes into actually researching Stage 4 cancer,' she said, adding that as it's the one that takes lives there should be more known about it.	Ms Van Santen hopes in the future there can be more awareness about the mortality rates of the disease, and that people know that even if detected early, that breast cancer can still kill.	'It's important for so many people, you know, my kids, people's families', she said.	You can support the Buying Time campaign here, donate to help Clare Van Santen tick things off her bucket list here, or keep up with her journey here.
Harvey Weinstein's wife has been pictured for the first time this week looking forlorn amid claims her billionaire husband was recorded apologizing to a 22-year-old model for groping her.	The producer, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana during a business meeting at his Tribeca office last Friday.	But as he fights to throw out the allegations, the New York Daily News reports that police overheard a phone call between Battilana and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said:'It wo n't happen again'.	The news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City since the scandal broke looking downcast and carrying their four-year-old daughter, India.	There was no sign of Weinstein.	SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO.	Forlorn: Harvey Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman, 38, stepped out looking forlorn amid allegations her husband apologized to a 22-year-old model for groping her.	He has publicly denied the incident occurred.	Downcast: Looking down, Chapman carried the couple's four-year-old daughter India to their car in New York.	Out and about: Harvey Weinstein is pictured leaving his New York townhouse on Thursday, nearly a week after he allegedly groped a model.	He voluntarily spoke with authorities and is cooperating with their investigation.	Accusations: Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police that the Hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.	But on Saturday the couple were pictured at their Connecticut home.	Weinsten was spotted outside the home.	Chapman was seen rolling up to the compound in a silver Mercedes-Benz before she went inside.	According to the Daily News' source, Weinstein appeared to confirm he groped Battilana during a phone call with the Italian national.	'She said something to the effect that she was uncomfortable with him doing that,' the source told the Daily News.	'And he said something to the effect, "It wo n't happen again."'	'He did n't deny doing what she said he did to her.	The content of the phone call, there's no question about what he did.'	Battilana, 22, has claimed Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her during a'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.	DailyMail.com has reached out to his representatives for comment.	Battilana also convinced Weinstein to meet him a restaurant and the NYPD were also there to watch that meeting, according to the newspaper.	It is not clear if he knew he was being monitored but following the call and the meeting at the restaurant at the Tribeca Grand Hotel, Weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday.	He requested a lawyer and has promised full cooperation with the probe.	Battilana's attorney, David Godosky, said Tuesday is the earliest he expects to hear a decision on whether Weinstein will face criminal charges, according to the New York Daily News.	A legal expect told the Daily News that, if the DA decides to prosecute Weinstein, he will likely only face misdemeanor charges.	The alleged incident unfolded at Weinstein's Tribeca office after he invited her there for a business meeting on Friday night, hours after meeting her at Radio City Music Hall on Thursday night.	When she arrived at the office, the married father-of-five allegedly asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt, she told police.	He also asked her for a kiss, she claimed.	She clearly rejected him and he backed off, the New York Daily News reported, and she fled from the building.	Security footage shows the model speaking on the phone as she quickly left the building half an hour after arriving, the newspaper reported.	Model: Battilana (pictured) claims he assaulted her at his office on Friday after meeting him at a red carpet event on Thursday night.	Afterwards, she called police and they monitored a phone conversation with him.	Beauty queen: Battilana is pictured left during the Miss Italia contest in Rome in 2011 and right in 2010.	Under surveillance: Following the alleged incident, she arranged to meet with him at the restaurant of the Tribeca Grand Hotel (pictured) and the meeting was monitored by police, according to reports.	The model's lawyer said his client was'creeped out' by her alleged encounter with Weinstein, who is behind hit movies including Pulp Fiction, The King's Speech and Gangs Of New York.	'When she was describing what happened, her face became contorted,' said Mark Heller.	'It was that look of someone who was creeped out.	She's a very young woman who was relating her disgust that a much older man - an old man in view of someone her age - conducted himself like that.'	Weinstein could face misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations are credible.	No charges have been filed and his representatives say they believe he will be cleared.	'We are confident that we will be fully vindicated,' a Weinstein spokesman said.	A source close to The Weinstein Company told Page Six the groping allegations were nothing more than a'blackmail attempt' and insisted that the award-winning producer'did nothing wrong'.	Weinstein's camp have dismissed Miss Battilana as an opportunist with a sketchy past.	It has emerged that Battilana previously told Italian authorities she witnessed a so-called'bunga-bunga' orgy involving disgraced Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi at his Milan mansion in 2010.	She claimed she had seen young models performing stripteases and baring their breasts to be kissed by the Italian leader during a raunchy dinner party.	Weinstein has been married to his second wife, 38-year-old fashion designer Georgina Chapman, since 2007.	The couple have two young children together.	It also emerged that she told Italian police in 2010 that she was'forced against' her will into having sex for money with a 70-year-old'businessman of substantial means' when she was underage.	Battilana met the wealthy car dealer in September 2009 when she was under 18 and therefore below the age of consent for prostitution in Italy, according to Italian newspaper reports.	In her police statement, she said the man invited her into his car, where he then caressed'my hand and left leg' and proposed'that I become his'playmate', she said.	Battilana said he then gave her a bag with $2,000, before assuring her it was only'an advance of the $5,000 he would give me every month'.	She added:'Despite the indecency of the proposal, both because of my psychological subjection in which I found myself and because of the severe poverty of my family I felt forced against my will not to refuse the money.'	The relationship ended after she was accepted into the Miss Italia 2010 pageant.	Prosecutors in Italy asked for the rape allegation to be dismissed in 2012 but it was not reported whether the judge granted the dismissal - although it is likely it would have been carried out.	In 2012, the Alba prosecutor told Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera that Miss Battilana never showed up to talk to them about her police complaint so they were unable to verify her claims.	The alleged groping took place on Friday at the Weinstein Company offices in Manhattan (pictured) where Battilana had met Harvey Weinstein to'discuss business' After becoming famous through the Miss Italia pageant, Battilana began modeling professionally in 2011, according to social media.	She works internationally in Milan, London, Paris and New York.	She recently shot an editorial campaign for Bambi magazine in Agent Provocateur lingerie.	Weinstein, who is originally from Queens, New York, founded Miramax studio with his brother Bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $200 million.	He is married to British-born fashion designer Chapman, 38, who founded the luxury label Marchesa.	The couple have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter.	Weintein also has three older daughters from his first marriage to his former assistant, Eve Chilton, which ended in 2004.
Suddenly, at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite, I desperately wanted to get pregnant.	My husband Russell was ready to be a father, we were financially secure and after editing a weekly magazine in New York for four stressful years, I was ready to resign and focus on building a family.	Eleven months later, when my body was still not doing what I demanded, I got depressed, stressed and scared.	Proud mum Sarah Ivens with her two children, William (left) and one-year-old Matilda (centre).	'Have I left it too late to have a baby?'	I'd wail impatiently to Russell as month after month I'd clutch at my abdomen in pain as my period started, filled with a burgeoning dread that my body was failing us.	'I always put my career first, and travelling and having our dream wedding.	Now I'm worried I'm too old.'	I was paranoid that my life decisions had left my baby dreams impossible to reach.	During my pre-broody years I'd been bombarded with images of 40-something celebrities, gloating about how easy it had been for them to conceive naturally and quickly.	Of course, horror stories in the tabloids tried to persuade me that I had about as much chance of procreating successfully after the age of 30 as I did of making it to The X Factor finals, but I had decided to follow the stars and wear blinkers.	The truth, I was quickly discovering, lay somewhere in the middle of the heartbreak, guilt and misinformation women find themselves drowning in as they consider motherhood.	Happy family: After years of heartbreak, Sarah and Russell have two children William, (centre) and Matilda.	Pregnancy expert Zita West said:'I think in a way modern life has done women a disservice.	'We're told we can have it all, so women go on the pill while they are building their careers for many, many years, which masks any issues they may have such as polycystic ovary syndrome or endometriosis.	'Then when they decide to have a baby in their 30s, they are shocked if it does n't happen as they planned.	'We know that fertility starts to decline at 35 and that age is the biggest factor in a woman's ability to conceive.	Sarah and Russell celebrate their wedding with a dream day in the Cotswolds in 2009.	Expectant parents Sarah and husband Russell prepare for their son William's imminent arrival in 2011.	'What women need to do immediately is ask their mothers what age they went through the menopause: this is a key genetic factor in your own fertility, and your cycle starts to decline rapidly 10 years before you hit the menopause.'	Eventually, Russ and I conceived - naturally - but at the 13-week scan, the other horrific factor of late motherhood reared its ugly head.	Our baby had severe chromosomal abnormalities and had zero chance of survival.	I was advised by a series of doctors to have a medical abortion, to safeguard my future fertility and mental state.	'The sooner we get this unviable pregnancy dealt with, the quicker you can go on to conceive a healthy baby,' our specialist advised us.	This sounds callous, but even through the fog of utter devastation I knew he was being cruel to be kind: I did n't have too much time.	I was turning 35 in one month.	A few days later, as I was wheeled into the operating theatre, tears streamed down my cheeks and neck and onto my pale blue hospital robe.	Everyone was sad for me, but this was quite a common occurrence for a woman of my dotage.	'Well, you have left it quite late, have n't you,' a few supposed sympathisers uttered in my direction when I was feeling sorry for myself.	What had I expected?	Preparing to be a new mum, Sarah poses at nine months pregnant with her son William, born in 2011.	Friends were as divided as the media when it came to declaring their true fertility stories.	While one friend admits to leaving it too late and worrying herself to sleep each night over the mounting IVF treatment bills (her husband has insisted, scared of debt, she stop with the baby dream when they hit the # 50,000 mark) ; another friend is determined to put off pregnancy until she has passed some professional exams.	'I'll only be 37 when I'm done -- and if I have to re-sit, I can delay pregnancy another year easily,' she tells me, perhaps naively.	Another friend got joyously pregnant with her first child on the eve of her 40th birthday.	Sarah celebrates the joy of having her son, William in 2011, after the grief of having to end her first pregnancy.	Her husband -- who was depressed at being made redundant -- threatened to kill himself if she kept the baby.	So she had an abortion, while he suddenly seemed to get better -- better enough to leave her for a 20-something woman he met in his new job a few months later.	'I'll regret that choice for the rest of my life,' she recently declared.	'It was n't until my womb was empty and he'd gone that I realised I wanted a baby more than I wanted him.'	Other friends in their mid-to-late 30s are choosing to stick their heads in the sand.	'If I get to 40 and I'm still single, I'll get just find a sperm donor,' is the flippant battle cry of many women I know.	Some friends get pregnant as soon as they decide to start trying, of course, and those ones frustrate me the most.	There is nothing noble in my frustration ; I am despicably jealous -- especially when these women do n't appreciate how lucky they are.	So what can women who know they want to have children in the future do to safeguard their future fertility?	'The medical profession is considering lifestyle more,' says West.	'Women and men need to look at their eating habits and whether they are under or overweight.'	A Body Mass Index of between 19 and 26 is ideal for protecting fertility health.	Take multivitamins.	'Avoid fizzy drinks and processed foods ; drink alcohol and caffeine in moderation and stop smoking and using drugs.	'All these things cause free radical damage, which harms your long-term chances of conceiving.	'There are no magic answers here ; future parents just need to follow a healthy lifestyle.'	West also thinks women should address any psychological issues they have before trying to become a parent.	Sarah's much longed-for son William, tenderly kisses his newborn baby sister Matilda.	'Modern women are all about not getting pregnant, then suddenly a switch flips in their head at a certain age and they think they should be able to conceive immediately.	Yet blockages exist and they need to ask themselves questions to stop their sub-conscious sending negative messages.	'How do you visualise your body?	How do you connect with your womb?'	asks West.'	I believe acupuncture, hypnotherapy and counselling can help a woman prepare her body for the journey towards motherhood.'	Now I am part of the envy-inducing club: I have two healthy children, a boy and a girl, although I did lose another pregnancy at 12 weeks in between their joyous arrivals.	And that wonderful feeling is not something I'd want any woman who desires it to miss out on because she has been lulled into a false sense of security or stress due to the misinformation surrounding the issue of fertility today.	'One day' is a long way away.	Take control of your options today.
Hassan Munshi, one of two teenagers feared to have crossed into Syria to join ISIS, is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi (pictured).	The families of two teenage boys who are thought to have traveled to Syria are'in a state of profound shock' and deeply worried about the safety of their'ordinary Yorkshire lads'.	The boys who have been named as 17-year-olds Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to the embattled country after heading to Turkey on March 31.	Hassan is supposedly related to Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006.	He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims, The Times reported.	A statement released on behalf of the two families said:'Both families are devastated by the events of the last few days and in particular, we are extremely concerned about the safety and well-being of our loved ones.	'Our number one priority is to get Hassan and Talha back home with their families and we implore anyone who may have any information whatsoever to get in contact with the police.	'Naturally, we are in a state of profound shock and are trying to come to terms with the predicament we find ourselves in and we hope and pray that no other family finds itself in our situation.'	The pair from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days and can not be reached on their mobile phones.	Hassan's alleged relative Hammaad was only 15-years-old when he joined a terrifying Islamic State faction who were targeting the Royal Family.	Hammaad was arrested on his way home from a chemistry exam in 2006 and found with two bags of ball-bearings - key material for a suicide vest.	He was locked up for two years under the Terrorism Act in 2008.	The statement added:'These were just two ordinary Yorkshire lads who enjoyed the things that all young people enjoy at their age.	'Both Hassan and Talha had a promising future as an apprentice and an A-level student respectively, and we are praying they will be back with us soon and are able to realise that future.	'We would implore all parents to be extra vigilant, although as we found, it's near impossible to know your children have been groomed and brainwashed.	'Syria is a frightening war-torn place and we need to urgently educate our young children about the dangers posed by those who prey on impressionable teenagers.'	The Times now reports that the two 17-year-old boys told their relatives they were going on a school trip - but instead used the Easter holidays as a'window of opportunity' to flee Britain.	They are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from Manchester Airport to Dalaman in Turkey on March 31, said West Yorkshire Police.	Both families have reported the boys missing to police although British authorities now fear that the pair have managed to cross into Syria from Turkey.	Scroll down for video.	'Seeking jihad': Two teenage boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, are believed to have fled to Syria to join Isis militants, seen here taking control of the Yarmouk refugee camp in Damascus.	A family friend said they were in a state'of total disbelief' and they were'broken and inconsolable'.	The south Dewsbury area has been linked to a number of extremist plots and was home to the ring-leader of the London bombings on July 7, 2005, Mohammad Sidique Khan.	According to The Times, a member of one of the families said:'We do n't want to talk.'	Assistant Chief Constable Mark Milsom, from West Yorkshire Police said:'We are extremely concerned for the safety of these two boys and would urge anyone with information to come forward and speak to us.	'Syria is an extremely dangerous place and the public will be aware of the dangers these boys may face.	'The choice of returning home from Syria is often taken away from those that come under the control of Islamic State, leaving their families in the UK devastated and with very few options to secure their safe return.'	The force said it has been supporting the missing teenagers' families and carrying out extensive inquiries alongside the North East Counter Terrorism Unit.	The disappearance of the two teenagers follows the arrest of nine Britons by Turkish authorities attempting to sneak into Syria across the Turkish border.	The boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan (pictured).	Waheed Ahmed, 21, from Rochdale was arrested with his aunt, cousins and four children while attempting to get into Syria.	After the arrest, anti-terror police raided the home of his father, Shakil Ahmed, a respected Labour councillor for the town.	Munshi's family comes from Dewsbury in West Yorkshire, where his grandfather Yakub Munshi ran the town's sharia court.	The schoolboy, who was studying for his GCSEs at Westborough High School in Kirklees, West Yorkshire, was traced through his online conversations with'cyber terrorist' Aabid Hussain Khan.	In one MSN chat, they argued how best to sneak a metal sword through airport security.	Munshi had painstakingly scoured the internet for details on how to make napalm and grenades.	He claimed he had only done the research out of curiosity but handwritten notes hidden under his bed revealed his burning desire to travel abroad to become a martyr.	Munshi also had a library of videos, documents and audio clips showing acts of jihad, mujaheddin fighters and Al Qaeda preachings.	Khan, who acted as an administrator on an extremist website called Activion Publications, downloaded information on the Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Charles and Camilla, Prince Edward, the Countess of Wessex, The Duke of York and the Princess Royal.	Munshi was convicted of making a record of information likely to be useful in terrorism.	Khan was found guilty of possessing articles for a purpose connected with terrorism but cleared of a similar charge.	A third man, Sultan Muhammad from Manningham, West Yorkshire - Khan's cousin - was convicted of three similar charges and one of making a record of information likely to be useful in terrorism.
Mariel Hemingway was just 16 years old when she starred as Woody Allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy'Manhattan'.	As the granddaughter of Ernest Hemingway, Mariel was from one of the most famous and recognizable families in America.	But despite her grandfather's success, there was a dark side to her last name, which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels, released Tuesday.	On top of the world: Mariel Hemingway, 53, has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides.	Independent: Mariel Hemingway, the granddaughter to literary legend Ernest Hemingway, had written a new book where she describes overcoming the legacy of mental illness, addiction, and suicide in her family.	Patterns of depression: Her grandfather, Ernest Hemingway killed himself just months before Mariel was born.	Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describes Mariel's journey of self-discovery and reveals the true stories of the tragedies and troubles of the Hemingway family, which was plagued by mental illness, addiction and suicide.	In both books, Hemingway describes her childhood as chaotic.	Both of her parents (her father, Jack Hemingway, is the son of Hadley Hemingway -- Ernest's first wife ; her mother is Byra Louise Hemingway) were alcoholics, and she recalls their loud fights during which she played the peacemaker and tried to pick up the pieces.	She writes about being woken up by yelling, the smashing of plates and wishing it was all a terrible dream.'	I thought all families threw bottles and would yell and scream like that.	I did n't know,' Mariel told Metro.	She reveals that part of the reason she decided to write two books about her depression was to reach out to a younger audience that is n't normally served.	'My publisher said "I think we should help young people."	I was so excited because I've always wanted to reach out to that age group, because that was when I was the most scared.	That was when life made the least sense to me,' she told Yahoo News.	Mariel reveals in candid detail the story of her troubled childhood in a famous family haunted by depression, alcoholism, illness, and suicide.	Cursed chain: Mariel with, from left, sisters Muffet and Margaux - once the world's highest paid model - and their father Jack.	Difficult childhood: Since her documentary Running From Crazy premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, Hemingway said she has spent much of her time touring the country and telling her story.	Nightmare: Mariel, pictured here at about 15, says in her books her parents would drink, fight and then she would be left to clean up the mess each night.	Mariel was born in 1961, just a few months after her grandfather, Ernest Hemingway, infamously killed himself with a double-barreled shotgun.	The idealized life that the writer was selling to the world, Mariel says, was a coverup for the truth of his self-dramatization and a chronic self-identity crisis, his alcoholism, and his attraction to war.	Ernest's life started to fall apart when he learned his own father had shot himself in the head with a Civil War revolver, according to Mariel.	But the family suicides did n't end there.	Over the years Mariel's family was said to be cursed.	Mariel's elder sister, Margaux, a beautiful fashion model and actress, also suffered from depression and in 1996 at the age of 42, she died from an overdose of sedatives.	Mariel says that both Margaux and another elder sister, Joan were both sexually abused by their father Jack, Ernest's son.	However, says she escaped such sexual abuse.	The rest of her family, she says, was riddled with alcoholism and arguing.	Seminal writer: Mariel's father Jack had a strange relationship with his own father, Ernest Hemingway (pictured), says the actress.	Massive blow: Mariel's (pictured in Cannes in 1979) success eclipsed that of Margaux when she followed her sister into an acting career.	Sisters: Mariel Hemingway, 14, with her sister Margaux Hemingway in New York in 1976.	She tragically took her own life 20 years later after suffering from depression.	Mission: Mariel's mission as a young girl was to escape the desperate cycles of severe mental health issues that had plagued generations of her family.	Here she is pictured in 1983 in the film Star 80.	Her younger sister, Muffet, a heavy drug used in her teens, was schizophrenic, diagnosed with bipolar disorder and spent years in mental hospitals.	As if that was n't enough, her mother had cancer (and later died from a drug overdose) and four other members of her family all committed suicide.	it became Mariel's mission as a girl to escape the desperate cycles of severe mental health issues that had plagued generations of her family.	It meant Mariel, as the youngest member of her family, faced a painful struggle to stay sane.	In 2013 Mariel wrote a documentary two years ago called Running From Crazy.	It was the first time she had begun to tell her story.	She began to speak in front of groups and realized how very similar other people's tales were to her own.	'We just have variations on a theme.	We all have something that's affected us in a way that's made us sad or confused us as kids.	I'm starting to come to the realization that my purpose is to help other people be OK with the idea that we're not perfect, we're not all balanced, we're not all happy, shiny people all the time,' she told Yahoo News.	She found unusual ways to cope with the struggle and became OCD and obsessive about her food, schedule, and organization she reveals in her memoir.'	I have a family of addicts.	Everybody was addicted to something.	When my mother got sick, I started to think that food had something to do with it.	I became so obsessed with ways of eating -- whether it was macrobiotic, vegan, fruitarian or drinking coffee all the time -- such extremes.	I turned it into a positive, but it took me a lot of years.	I was obsessed because that was my addiction.	That was what I did to deal with whatever I could n't handle emotionally,' she says.	.	Partly to cope, Mariel ventured into acting.	'Part of why I liked making movies so much is that I would make families out of the whole set,' she says.	'It was a way to avoid worrying about my own family.'	In the memoir she also talks about filming Manhattan with Woody Allen.	She says Allen showed romantic interest in her which made her uncomfortable, according to FOX News.	May-December: In her new memoir, Mariel Hemingway says Woody Allen asked her to go to Paris with her after filming'Manhattan' in 1979.	She was just 16 years old when the film was shot - to Allen's 43.	Above, a still from the film in which Hemingway plays Allen's schoolgirl romance.	Adult themes: Woody Allen and Mariel Hemingway on the set of Manhattan.	At the time of filming, she had no idea how risque the material was and it was n't until she saw the finished film she became aware.	After wrapping filming on the 1979 movie, Mariel says then 43-year-old Allen flew out to her parent's home in Idaho for a visit, during which he asked her to go to Paris with him.	'Our relationship was platonic, but I started to see that he had a kind of crush on me, though I dismissed it as the kind of thing that seemed to happen any time middle-aged men got around young women,' Mariel wrote.	A teenager at the the time, she told her parents that she'did n't know what the arrangement was going to be' and'was n't sure' if she was going to have her own room.	'Woody had n't said that.	He had n't even hinted it,' Mariel remembers.	'But I wanted them to put their foot down.	They did n't.	They kept lightly encouraging me.'	On the up: Marial Hemingway has been romantically linked with former stuntman Bobby Williams, with whom she has co-authored several self-help books.	These days, Mariel practices yoga and is hoping her books on depression will help thousands with the condition.	Mariel recalls waking up in the middle of the night'with the certain knowledge that I was an idiot'.	She then went to Allen's guest room, shook him awake and asked:'I'm not going to get my room am I?'	While he fumbled to put on his glasses, Hemingway made up her mind before he could even respond.'	I ca n't go to Paris with you,' she said.	The next morning, Allen ordered a private jet and left the family's ranch.	Mariel picked up an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress in the role.	Although the twisted legacy of her family will never quite leave Mariel, in her two memoirs she is able to open up about her claustrophobic first marriage to Steve Crisman, her acting career, and turning to spiritual healers and charlatans for solace.	Now desperate to escape the cycles of severe mental health issues that have plagued the Hemingways, Mariel has remained strong and committed to a healthy life, learning how to overcome the family demons.	Mariel has two daughters, Dree, a successful model and Langley, an artist, and has found love with her partner, Bobby Williams.
The Old Bailey was told that Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties, persuading him to buy parts for a bomb.	A teenager bullied and groomed a friend with learning difficulties into helping him make a pipe bomb in a series of coded text messages which were given away when the friend failed to grasp that'cake' was a codeword for'bomb', a court has heard.	Kazi Islam, 18, sent messages via his Blackberry to Harry Thomas, 19, praising Lee Rigby's killers and encouraging him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, along with the ingredients to make an explosive device, the Old Bailey was told.	Islam, who is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism, used'cake' as code for bomb in his messages, but failing to understand his ingenious ruse, Thomas replied:'Cake?	U mean the b o m b', the jury was told.	The court heard that Islam, from Manor Park, east London, met Mr Thomas at Barking and Dagenham College in October 2013, and immediately began manipulating him.	Messages taken from Islam's phone show that Mr Thomas had confided in Islam about a break-up with his girlfriend, and Islam lied to him about suffering a break-up of his own, saying:'Coming back to Islam helped me.'	Prosecutor Annabel Darlow QC said Islam then used his friend to help assemble parts for a pipe bomb, including fireworks, hydrogen peroxide, pipes, metal end caps and glue.	She said:'The defendant carefully groomed Mr Thomas over many months, flattering him when he appeared willing to do his bidding and bullying him with implied threats of what people associated with him would do if he did n't carry out his wishes when he did n't appear to be going according to plan.	'During the same time period, Kazi Islam carried out research on the internet for information which could assist him in the construction of an explosive device.	'He also applied liberal encouragement to Thomas to murder a British soldier, inciting him with stories about the murder of innocent children by the military forces and referring approvingly to the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby in Woolwich.'	Ms Darlow said Islam's messages on WhatsApp and BlackBerry messenger show he was trying to radicalise others at the same time.	She added:'His activities centred upon two particular planned acts of terrorism.	The first of those was a plot to construct an improvised explosive device.	The pair met while at Barking and Dagenham College (pictured) in October 2013 after Mr Thomas confided in Islam about breaking up with his girlfriend.	Islam then began bullying and grooming Mr Thomas.	'He also entered into discussions about a second scheme of his, that was to murder a member of the armed forces, although the evidence would seem to show us that the first plot had reached a far more advanced stage than the second.	'In respect of both enterprises, he sought to use a vulnerable and impressionable young man with mental health difficulties.'	Shortly after the pair met in October 2013, they began talking about buying'ingredients' for their bomb, with Mr Thomas telling Islam where to find steel and brass caps, the Old Bailey heard.	In messages on November 1, Islam admonishes his friend for buying ten inch pipes instead of five inch ones, the jury was told.	In a text message Islam then adds:'What you need to do is get me the fireworks mate.	Ones dat have flash powder in them.	The explosions gon na make a big noise.'	Four days later Islam sends Mr Thomas a picture, and Mr Thomas replies asking:'Is that what we're going to make?'	While the image was not shown in court, Ms Darlow said it could be inferred from the response.	She added:'As the messages between Mr Thomas and the defendant expose all too clearly, Mr Thomas was a vulnerable, not particularly bright young man who was desperate to impress Islam and to try and forge some sort of friendship with him.	The court heard that Islam tried to use'cake' as a codeword for the bomb, but not understanding Mr Thomas replied, saying:'Cake?	U mean the b o m b''Islam exploited to the utmost his friend's vulnerability and obvious wish to try and ingratiate himself with Islam.'	In December 2013 it appears that Mr Thomas began having second thoughts about the plot, so Islam told him that British soldiers had murdered an innocent 10-year-old boy, the court heard.	Mr Thomas then asked Islam if a report in a newspaper saying one of Lee Rigby's killers had raped a teenager was true, the jury was told.	Islam responded:'If you read it in the newspaper it's lies, the media will do anything to give Muslims a bad name.'	Islam also suggested that Mr Thomas change his first name from Harry to Haroon, saying it sounded better.	Later that month Islam began messaging Mr Thomas about killing a soldier with a knife, Ms Darlow told the Old Bailey.	In messages shown to the court, Islam wrote:'David Cameron is sending troops to kill innocent people, his soldiers are committing mass murder.	'If the war does n't stop, there should be another soldier killed.'	Thomas replied:'U want me to get one' and Islam told him'yeah'.	Islam then asked if Mr Thomas would carry out an attack on a soldier.	He replied:'I do n't agree with what Cameron is doing.	I would kill a soldier because they are scum.	They have no right to kill these children.'	Pleased with the reply, Islam told him:'Well done Harry.	I'm glad you understand mate.	.	I'm proud of you.'	Around the same time Islam began asking Mr Thomas to buy hydrogen peroxide from a shop in order to make into explosives, the court was told.	In February the following year Islam also downloaded issues of Al Qaeda's magazine Inspire to his laptop, along with a guide on how to make semtex, Ms Darlow said.	However, messages revealed that around this time Islam discovered that Mr Thomas had been telling other people about the bomb, and began threatening him, it was said.	He wrote:'The brothers are gon na come after me and kill me and they're gon na kill u as well.'	Police raided Islam's home in August and recovered a Lenovo laptop computer where they found the bomb-making guides, along with evidence of searches for extreme preachers and extremist material.	Islam also sent Mr Thomas texts praising Michael Adebolajo (left) and Michael Adebowale (right), Lee Rigby's killers, and asked his friend to get a meat clever to kill a soldier, the Old Bailey heard.	The court heard Islam's phone had been used to look up the Al Qaeda propaganda magazine Inspire and the article'44 ways to support Jihad'.	Islam had also looked up the name of hate preacher Anjem Choudary, killer Michael Adebolajo, and former Guantanamo Bay detainee Moazzam Begg, police said.	Ms Darlow said that when Islam was arrested, police also raided Mr Thomas' home.	She added:'Nothing was found to suggest Harry Thomas had in fact gone on to purchase any of the items the defendant had asked him to purchase.'	Islam denies engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorist acts, contrary to section 5 (1) of the Terrorism Act 2006.	The trial continues.	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
This is the cringe-making moment Ed Miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a'selfie'.	The Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends.	One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride.	After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress, saying:' I got a full on picture with him'.	Scroll down for video.	Ed Miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party -- and even let the bride on his tour bus for a private'selfie' The Labour leader was surrounded by more than 20 young women screaming'Ed!	Ed!	Ed!'	and then they posed for a group selfie.	The bride-to-be's sister, Kathryn Braithwaite, posted a picture of Nicola and Miliband on the campaign bus.	She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens, all wearing black dresses and pink sashes, who started yelling for him to come and meet them.	The Labour leader then appeared and high-fived a few of the women before they started chanting'Selfie!	Selfie!	Selfie!'	and turned their backs on him for a group shot.	One of the women was heard saying:'Hashtag Ed' and the group erupted into giggles before Mr Miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye.	The bride-to-be has pondered whether he will also turn up to her wedding, saying:'Maybe he'll make the big day!'	Anna Heaford, one of the hens, tweeted saying:'The stripper had just arrived for Nicola Braithwaite's hen do.	.	!	#EdMiliband.'	She also tweeted earlier today, saying:'We're blaming the cocktails.'	Sanda, who was also part of the hen party, said:'He was a true gentleman and a fun person.'	Miss Braithwaite's sister Kathryn Braithwaite posted the picture of the bride-to-be with Miliband inside the bus and said:'Only my sister can have a pic with Ed_Miliband #ed #henparty.'	One of the hens, Anna Heaford, posted a hilarious tweet, saying:'The stripper has just arrived' Bride Nicola Braithwaite was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning wearing a white and blue dress.	One of Mrs Braithwaite's friends, Heaney Watson, said:'Our Nicola breaks off her hen do to discuss #legalaid with @EdMilliband #goodtimes.'	The Labour leader was about to be dropped off at Chester Railway Station to return to London after a long day of campaigning when he was mobbed by his toughest trail opponents so far.	Earlier in the day he had met parliamentary candidate Chris Matheson and supporters at Chester Racecourse.	He told the crowd:'It's great to be here.	I want to thank all of you for the incredible job that you're doing.	Secondly, I want to hear a very big Chester cheer for Chris Matheson and the brilliant campaign he's running.	Let's hear it for Chris.	'Now I met a little boy called Aidan and it's sixth birthday at the beginning of May and he said to me as I left'Are we going to get rid of David Cameron?'	.	What's the answer to that?	Are we going to get rid of David Cameron?'	Alex Salmond has stepped up the pressure on Mr Miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the SNP and was'foolish' to rule out a coalition.	SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street because he was unwilling to do a deal with the SNP.	During Thursday night's TV debate, she said:' I can help Labour be bolder... take the chance to kick David Cameron out of Downing Street.	Do n't turn your back on it - people will never forgive you.'	She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens and said:' I got a full on picture with him' One of the women was heard saying:'Hashtag Ed' and the group erupted into giggles before Mr Miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye.	The Labour leader was about to be dropped off at Chester Railway Station to return to London after a long day of campaigning when he was mobbed by his toughest trail opponents so far.	The Labour leader was surrounded after his campaign bus parked up outside Westminster Hotel in Chester.	If you were on this hen party, please email jenny.awford@dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835.
Two Maryland parents whose hands-off'free-range' parenting got their children picked up by police yet again on Sunday are now vowing to file a lawsuit.	Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.	But the Meitivs, both of them scientists, say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up Rafi and Dvora and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents.	Picked up: Officials seized Dvora, 6, (far left) and 10-year-old Rafi (left, blue hat) on Sunday in a Maryland park.	The parents Danielle and Alexander Meitiv (right) have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours.	Attorney Matthew Dowd, of the firm Wiley Rein, is representing the Meitivs and on Tuesday sent a ointed letter regarding Sunday's events.	Rein wrote:.	'The actions of Maryland CPS and Montgomery County Police violate the fundamental rights parents have in raising their children.	'This fundamental, constitutional right of parents can not be infringed simply because certain governmental employees disagree with a parent's reasoned decision on how to raise his or her children.'	The firm declined to say who the suit would be against, exactly, when asked by the Washington Post.	However, the attorney has vowed to pursue'all legal remedies' to protect the rights of the Maryland parents.	The Meitivs made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi and Dvora walking the sidewalk on their own.	Picked up AGAIN: The Meitivs say they were left to panic for hours by CPS workers after their children -- who they raise with a so-called'free-range' approach -- were picked up by police for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone.	'Besides the policeman pulling up... no': Asked if he was scared during the hours-long ordeal Sunday, 10-year-old Rafi admitted he was, but not because he'd been left alone with his sister.	Free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called'helicopter parenting'.	'Helicopter parents' are named for their habit of hovering over their offspring, micro-managing their lives in an attempt to keep them safe.	However critics believe this creates under-confident, over-reliant children, while also causing the parents stress.	Free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach, where children are allowed to go out and experience the world on their own.	Instead of constantly monitoring activities to make sure children are safe, the emphasis is put on adults assessing risk ahead of time, and equipping children with the skills to deal with danger themselves.	On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.	The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.	Meanwhile, Mrs Meitiv tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe.	What's more, the elder child, Rafi, insists the scariest part of the hours-long ordeal was being picked up by police.	'They kept the kids for hours,' a shaken Danielle Meitiv told Fox 5 after being reunited with them.	'It's 10:30 at night.	They've been missing since 6 o'clock... Somebody called 911 and the police called CPS and they decided to bring the kids here and they did n't call us.'	According to Mrs. Meitiv, the children were expected home no later than 6:30.	When 6:30 came and went, they became frantic.	They would not receive a call from CPS until 8pm.	Even then, they say they were n't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours.	in the interim, Rafi tells Fox 5 that initially he believed the responding police officer was simply offering them a lift.	Rafi said:.	'The policeman said "We'll give you a ride home" when we were like two blocks away.	And two and a half hours later, after sitting in the car two and a half hours, he said "I'll bring you home" and, instead, he brought us here.'	'Here' was Child Protective Services, Rafi said.	And as he and his sister sat waiting to go home, their parents say'upper management' at CPS was involved in keeping that from happening.	Only at 10:30 pm did Mrs. Meitiv say she was reunited with her children and only after promising not to let them off the leash.	Parenting style: The Meitivs believe in giving children an unusual amount of independence from a young age.	Guarantees: As part of their free-range parenting philosophy, the Meitivs make sure their children carry these badges in case someone worries and asks while they are out on the street.	'They made us sign a safety plan that says we will not leave them attended at all until they follow up,.	'And I'm not gon na risk my kids being snatched again like this by CPS.'	When questioned, the Meitivs say they believe in a so-called'free-range' approach to parenting, which encourages independence from infancy.	In March, the CPS found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone.	It meant the agency would start a file on the family's activities and whereabouts for at least five years.	The Meitivs hit back at the ruling, insisting they would continue to bring up their own children as they see fit - whatever the consequences.	Unsubstantiated child neglect is not a criminal charge, but is in most cases a prelude to such charges.	It usually comes when the CPS has deemed parents to have neglected their children, but has insufficient information or witnesses to press charges or take action.
Decisions, decisions.	A North Carolina student who was accepted into all eight Ivy League schools will have to make a tough choice and decide where he wants to attend college in the fall.	Victor Agbafe, a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well.	The 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all.	Victor Agbafe, 17 (pictured above), is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina.	On one of his Facebook pages, Agbafe describes himself as a'passionate, honest, open-minded individual' Agbafe hopes to become a neurosurgeon one day.	Agbafe, who plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics, called his acceptance achievement an'amazing opportunity', WSOC reported.	He hopes to become a neurosurgeon.	On Facebook, Agbafe describes himself as a'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'.	He credits his mother, a Nigerian immigrant and physician, for setting a good example for him, according toWECT.	Dorothy Agbafe-Mosley said:'For God to crown his effort with success is just something that is just beyond me.'	I am very happy that he has all these choices to make.	'But then it also makes it difficult because it's a lot of good schools.'	A lot of good schools.'	Her son will make a decision later this month after visiting at many campuses as possible.	Another high school student, Harold Ekeh of Long Island, was also accepted into all eight Ivy League schools.	Ekeh, 18, was editor of his student paper and CEO of the Model UN.	He moved from moved from Nigeria to Long Island at the age of eight, got a 2270 on his SATs and also has plans to be a neurosurgeon so he can find an Alzheimer's cure for his grandmother.	Harold Ekeh of Long Island was also accepted into all eight Ivy League schools and wants to be a neurosurgeon.	Ekeh told DailyMail.com:'It was crazy.	My mom was sat next to me and it was just letter after letter after letter.'	He is leaning toward Yale but has until May 1 to decide.	The eight Ivy League schools are Yale, Harvard, Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Pennsylvania and Princeton.
Standing isolated surrounded by the vast, golden north Saudi Arabian desert is a bizarre single rock castle, which has been lying undisturbed for centuries.	Qasr al-Farid or'The Lonely Castle' has a sad tale, standing incomplete and abandoned, looking out of place in the vast, barren landscape.	Believed to be constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes, linking the north and south of the Arabian peninsula, the mysterious monument was never finished.	Scroll down for video.	Now a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the ancient remains of Qasr al-Farid - a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient Nabatean settlement - stands amidst imposing cliffs and striking rocky outcrop.	The Nabatean Tomb in Madain Saleh is located in the northwestern region of the Arabian peninsula, in the middle of a vast desert landscape.	Size matters!	The striking structure is the largest of the 131 tombs in the area, hinting it was intended for someone of great power.	Despite its misleading name, the fascinating four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb.	It's intricate carving borrows decorative elements from Egyptian, Hellenistic, and Assyrian architecture.	The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh during the pinnacle of Nabatean era.	And it is famous for standing completely alone.	Size would have been indicative of the person's social status and wealth, hinting it was intended for someone of power.	It is remarkable how The Lonely Castle has remained so preserved against the elements for over 1,900 years and this can be attributed to the dry climate.	Situated on a pre-Islamic archaeological site located in Al-Ula, is located on one of the major trading sites, which linked the south of the Arabian peninsula to the north.	Unesco declared the magnificent historic collection Saudi Arabia's first World Heritage site in 2008.	Nabataeans constructed their massive stone buildings mainly from single pieces of sandstone, and carved from the top down.	If the smooth stone reminds you of the iconic carved site of Petra in Jordan, it should come as no surprise to learn they are linked.	Petra was the capital of the Nabataean kingdom and features a 250-foot-high sandstone slot canyon known as the Siq.	Until 1812, the site was unknown to the western world until it was introduced by explorer Johann Ludwig Burckhardt.	While Petra was the capital of the Nabatean kingdom, Mada'in Saleh was its second city, explaining why the unusual carved rock architecture is so similar.	Petra in Jordan was the capital of the Nabatean Kingdom.	It displays similar architecture design to Qasr al-Farid, being carved out of a single stone body.	It is sometimes known as the Rose City due to the color of the stone.	Impressive collection!	Another Saudi Arabian Nabatean tomb, Qasr al-Bint, has been perfectly preserved in the dry climate.	UNESCO declared the historic series of tombs Saudi Arabia's first World Heritage site in 2008.
David Cameron, wearing notably clean new work boots, today set out seven key Tory policies which he said would help get people on to the property ladder.	A million people will be able to realise the dream of home ownership by 2020, David Cameron claimed today as he donned hi-vis to tour a building site.	The Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages.	The Tory leader, wearing notably clean new work boots, as he chatted to house builders, insisted'dream of home ownership is alive'.	Mr Cameron used the launch of the Conservative party manifesto yesterday to promise voters'security at every stage of your life'.	He said the'greatest sunshine that there can possibly be' included helping more people but their own home, as well as getting a job and having dignity in retirement.	Today the Tory leader set out a seven point plan which he claims will help build more houses and making it easier for first-time buyers, claiming it will help a million people become homeowners over the next parliament.	Mr Cameron said:'The Conservative Party is the party of working people, offering you security at every stage of your lives.	'At the heart of that is helping people onto the housing ladder.	It comes back to our values.	We believe if you work hard, save up, and do the right thing, you should be able to buy your own place.	'The plans in our manifesto will open home ownership to a million more people.	With us, the dream of home ownership is alive.	'And it's why we can look the working people of Britain in the eye and say we are with you.	That's why we are setting out a seven point plan to help build more houses, and help more people get a home of their own.'	The seven point plan includes the Help to Buy ISA, announced by George Osborne in last month's Budget, which will help first-time buyers save for a deposit.	For every # 200 someone puts towards a deposit, the government will add # 50 up to a maximum of # 12,000, meaning a bonus of up to # 3,000.	Savers will be able to earn hundreds of pounds in interest before paying tax.	The Tories say it is effectively a tax cut for first time buyers, and will be available from this autumn.	The second policy is a pledge to will build 200,000 starter homes which will be sold at a 20 per cent discount on the market value to first time buyers under the age of 40.	Thirdly, the Help to Buy: Equity Loan scheme has been extended to 2020.	For first-time buyers who have saved a 5 per cent deposit, the government will offer a loan of 20 per cent, with the remaining 75 per cent covered by a mortgage.	The Tories expect the extension to help people buy at least 100,000 new build homes over the next five years.	The Tory leader, visiting the Weston Homes Aura building site, Edgware, boasted that with him in charge, the'dream of home ownership is alive' The fourth policy is the funding of 75,000 shared ownership homes by 2020 and the fifth is the abolition of the hated slab system of stamp duty, so it rises steadily based on the value of the home.	It means stamp duty has been cut for 98 per cent of the people who pay it.	For example, someone buying a house costing # 275,000, would pay # 4,500 less in tax.	Mr Cameron announced the two final policies in his speech yesterday.	It includes a new # 1 billion Brownfield Regeneration Fund, to help councils clear derelict or contaminated land which can be used to build 400,000 extra homes over four years.	He also announced a massive extension in the Right to Buy scheme to 1.3 million housing association tenants.	The existing Right to Buy allows tenants living in council-owned properties local authority tenants to buy houses and flats at a discount of as much as 70 per cent up to a maximum of # 102,700 in London and # 77,000 across the rest of England.	Mr Cameron announced a massive extension in the Right to Buy scheme to 1.3 million housing association tenants.	The Conservatives plan would extend the scheme to people living in properties owned by housing associations - not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes.	Around 500,000 housing association tenants currently have no purchase rights and 800,000 who qualify only for much less generous discounts of # 16,000 or less.	Local councils will be required to sell off their most expensive properties as they become vacant, in order to raise an estimated # 4.5 billion a year to fund the scheme.	Some 15,000 houses and flats are expected to become available in this way each year, but Tories stressed that no-one will be forced out of their home.
The search for missing woman Jessica Bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening.	The 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30 am on Wednesday morning.	She returned to her home near Sydney on Thursday evening, and is'safe and well' with loved ones.	Ms Bialek's husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30 pm on Thursday.	Scroll down for video.	The father of missing Sydney woman Jessica Bialek (pictured) has made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts.	'Jessica is safe and at home.	Found.	Thank you,' Mr Matera posted on his Facebook account.	Police have confirmed Ms Bialek returned home, and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance.	Ms Bialek's husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home with a post on his Facebook page.	Police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one.	Ms Bialek had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank.	The family of a photographer who vanished had earlier made a desperate plea for her to come home.	Ms Bialek was last seen leaving her home on Dudley Street, in the south-eastern Sydney suburb of Coogee, about 8.30 am on Wednesday.	Her husband said he spoke to her thatmorning but she has been'out of reach since then'.	On Thursday afternoon Jessica's father Michael Bialek, who had just flown in from Melbourne, fronted media to appeal for information.	'We would obviously like to appeal to anyone who may have contacted or had contact with Jess,' Mr Bialek said.	Michael Bialek said he simply wants to know his daughter is safe and well, even if she wants to be alone.	The search for her started after her husband posted a Facebook plea on Wednesday evening.	'We are desperate to find out from her that she's safe and if there's a reason she wants to be on her own we just want to know she's safe, that's all we're concerned about,' he added with emotion in his voice.	Mr Bialek said Jessica, her husband and daughter had been visiting family in Melbourne during the Easter break before returning to Sydney on Tuesday.	'Tuesday morning was the last time.	.	I walked down to the lobby of our apartment building and that was the last time I saw Jess,' her distraught father revealed.	Michael Bialek also described as a'complex character as many young people are today' but added she was a loving mother, daughter and wife and he simply wanted her home.	Detective Superintendent Gavin Dengate said the reason police were involved shortly after Jessica's disappearance was due to how'out of character' it was.	'The reason is it's out of character, totally out of character for Jessica to go missing,' he said on Thursday.	Police are currently working through phone records, social media, CCTV, and financial records to try and locate the woman, Detective Superintendent Dengate said.	The mother-of-one was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning, around 8.30 am.	Her husband Sabino Matera has made a worried plea on Facebook in a bid to help find her.	He added that officers had also been door-knocking and checking moteliers in an attempt to discover where she may have stayed on Wednesday evening.	'She went missing yesterday at 8.30 in the morning so one of our lines of inquiry... is to look at where she may have stayed last night,' the officer said.	On Wednesday Jessica's devastated husband took to social media in a plea for help in locating his missing wife, sparking a swift response from friends and the public.	Sharing two pictures of his wife wearing sunglasses on the social media site, he wrote:'Important message!	As per today, Jessica has gone missing.	'I spoke to her this morning at 8.30 am and she has been out of reach since then.	We are very concerned about Jessica.	Please help me to find her!	She left home without her car and not made contact nor returned home.	Her phone is off.	This is a real alarm.'	Concerned friends and family reacted to the Facebook status, sending messages of hope and support and sharing more photos of the Sydney woman.	Police are concerned for her welfare and have released a photo of Jessica smiling (left) as an investigation is launched into her disappearance.	Jessica is described as being of Caucasian appearance, 170-175cm tall, with a slim build and black hair.	'Thinking of you right now Sabino, Jessica Bialek please call someone,' one friend wrote.	'Praying for Jessica's safe return xxx thinking of you and family right now be strong,' another said.	Ms Bialek is an accomplished freelance photographer with an interest in the performing arts and fashion.	According to her website, she has worked for the Australian Ballet, Opera Victoria and Circus Oz.	Police are appealing for public assistance to help locate Jessica and have launched an investigation into her disappearance.	Releasing a photo of Jessica, police said they hold concerns for her welfare.	She is described as being of Caucasian appearance, 170-175cm tall, with a slim build and black hair.	Anyone who knows the missing person's whereabouts, or has any information that could assist investigators, is urged to contact Maroubra Police on (02) 9349 9299 or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Ed Sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer.	The British singer, who is currently touring New Zealand, took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital.	An ecstatic Ms Knight said she'could n't stop smiling' following the memorable visit.	'He was just the nicest guy.	So humble and down to earth,' Ms Knight told Daily Mail Australia.	Scroll down for video.	Ed Sheeran, who is currently touring New Zealand, took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital.	'We were so excited to meet him.	We all had butterflies and a few of the girls had the shakes.'	Ms Knight had planned on being at Sheeran's concert in Auckland having bought tickets back in October, but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.	The teenager had to endure countless chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant, which meant she was forced to give up her tickets.	With the help of her friends, Ms Knight launched a social media campaign to catch Sheeran's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital.	Ed Sheeran crashed Jess Knight's hospital birthday party and happily posed for selfies with her friends and family.	The British singer visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment.	Ms Knight's friend, Anna Strong, set up the Ed Visit Jess Facebook page last month, while family and friends spruiked the hashtag #KiaOraEdPlsVisitJess to get Sheeran to visit.	It was a long shot that eventually paid off.	Sheeran ended up crashing Ms Knight's birthday party in hospital in between shows over the weekend.	'When I was told he was coming we all felt a bit shell-shocked.	It was something we'd hoped would happen but it was such a long shot,' Ms Knight said.	The 20-year-old said she had butterflies in her stomach when she first met him and described his as'humble and down to Earth' With the help of her friends, Ms Knight launched a social media campaign to catch Sheeran's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital.	'The whole experience has been so surreal.	The New Zealand and international support has been incredible.	We never expected it to go as far as it has.'	'And for the record, no we did not plan to colour coordinate my beanie to his shirt.	We both have great style.'	The British popstar spent half an hour with an awestruck Ms Knight as they spoke of food, films and his upcoming visit to South America.	Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia.	Ms Knight had planned on being at Sheeran's concert in Auckland (pictured) having bought tickets back in October, but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.	Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia.
A Missouri woman who finished a St. Louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year is being stripped of the title after officials concluded she did n't run the full course either year.	The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that officials determined that Kendall Schler crept onto the GO!	St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, did n't record any of her times electronically along the way, and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles.	Schler was spotted at the beginning of the race and the end of the race, and while Schler's actual course is unknown, the starting point of the race are suspiciously just three blocks apart.	Scroll down for video.	Fake winner: Kendall Schler cheated her way to the front of the St. Louis marathon course.	Not a true winner: Her times that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon have now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated.	Kendall Schler crept onto the marathon course after the last checkpoint and since she was spotted at the starting point of the race just blocks from finish line, she may have lingered in that area before sneaking in.	Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race (violation of race protocol) and since no photographs of her were taken along the way there is no proof she is the rightful winner.	Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated.	Her third-place finish last year also was wiped out after officials could n't find evidence that she crossed any of that event's checkpoints.	'It's a difficult situation for everybody, including the people who run a fair race and do n't get the recognition they should receive,' said Nancy Lieberman, president of GO!	St. Louis.'	I said to her, "It looks like you perpetrated a fraud."''	I have nothing legitimate that says she officially started and ran 26.2 miles in 2014 or 2015,' she added.	Lieberman said incidents of dishonest runners happened but called this'an extreme case.'	When Lieberman made Schler prove she ran all of the checkpoints from last years race she was unable to provide them and he title was stripped from her.'	I said, "I'm going to disqualify you in 2014 unless you provide me photos of you along the course,"' Lieberman said.'	I told her if she showed me photos within two hours I'd consider not disqualifying her.'	Liar: Kendall Schler (left) was unable to prove that she won this year's marathon in St. Louis so Andrea Karl (right) was named this year's winner.	Tough race: Runners return to St. Louis from E. St. Louis on the Martin Luther King Bridge during the race.	The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that the course has seven spots where a runner is meant to record a time.	The spots are the start, the finish, and five spots within the course.	Lieberman said she did not register a time at any spot.	There was no electronic evidence of any of those times either.	According to the president of the marathon Nancy Leiberman, Schler claimed to have removed the magnetic strips from both of her race bibs.	Tampering with race bibs is a violation of race protocol, says Leiberman.	Lieberman checked with U.S. Track and Field officials on the course who also saw no sign of her.	'They're situated in specific places so that people ca n't cheat and jump on at other times,' Lieberman said.	'They did n't see (Schler) anywhere on the course.'	The true winner of the race was a woman named Angela Karl who Lieberman says did n't get the recognition that she deserved.	'There's a euphoria the winner gets, breaking the tape and having the crowd cheer,' Lieberman said.	'The true winner did everything right and did n't get her due.'	Did n't get her cheer:'There's a euphoria the winner gets, breaking the tape and having the crowd cheer,' Lieberman said of the feeling of winning.
Just weeks after he controversially banned meat products from being sold at the Sydney Opera House during his upcoming shows there, Morrissey has once again weighed into Australian animal rights issues.	The singer, who will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the Sydney Vivid Live festival in May, has written a public letter to The Just Group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool.	The Australian retail giant, who own Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur.	Warning: graphic content.	New campaign: Morrissey has written a letter to Australian retailer The Just Group imploring them to stop the use of angora wool.	Brutal: PETA have successfully petitioned a number of Australian and international retailers to stop selling angora wool after revealing the horrific treatment of rabbits at Chinese angora farms.	PETA Australia has been petitioning The Just Group to reconsider their position after successfully getting other retailers, including David Jones, Myer, Sportsgirl, General Pants Co, and Jeanswest, to stop selling angora.	'I'm looking forward to my concerts at the Sydney Opera House in May, but I was extremely dismayed to learn from my friends at PETA Australia that The Just Group refuse to modernise and drop angora wool from their clothing lines', Morrissey writes.	'By selling angora wool, you're sending the message to millions of shoppers that your company condone the barbaric abuse and slaughter of rabbits and are willing to perpetuate it.'	Refusal: The Just Group, who own Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur.	Stance: The retailer has previously issued a statement on the controversy, simply saying:'Although we are not able to join the pledge sought, I want to thank you for your interest in our group' The singer, 55, added that he would post petitions for concertgoers to sign at information booths throughout the Opera House if the company did not reverse their decision.	Globally, major fashion chains including Zara, H&M, Marks & Spencer, and Gap have all pledged to not use the fur in recent years after PETA outed the heartbreaking conditions of angora rabbits.	The organisation revealed the treatment of rabbits on angora farms in China, where workers rip the fur from live rabbits' skin.	PETA alleges that the rabbits'scream in pain' during the process.	The Just Group are yet to respond to Daily Mail Australia's request for comment, however a spokesperson has previously responded to PETA with the statement:'Although we are not able to join the pledge sought, I want to thank you for your interest in our group.'	In February, Morrissey made headline when he ordered all food and bar outlets linked to the Opera House's Concert Hall remove meat products from their menus for the duration of his residency.	Additionally, the former Smiths singer, who has been a non-meat eater since the age of 11, ordered that only vegetarian food be served backstage at the venue.	Protest: Morrissey, 55, pledged to set up petition booths for attendees at his Sydney concerts to sign if The Just Group do not comply.	The Irish-born star, who says he sees'no difference' between eating animals and paedophilia, they are both rape, violence, murder, - will take to the stage during the festival of light and music on the 26th, 27th, 30th and 31st of May.	Morrissey has never been shy about his views on meat eaters and has categorically said'If I'm introduced to anyone who eats beings, I walk away.'	He briefly walked off-stage at Coachella in 2009, complaining about the smell from the nearby food concession area, saying'The smell of burning animals is making me sick'.	Last month he banned burgers and hot dogs from Belfast's the Odyssey Arena for his performance.	And he recently ditched a scheduled concert in Iceland when the venue refused to grant his no meat requests the night of his gig.	In concert: The Irish-born musician has also banned the sale of meat products at the Opera House for the duration of his residency for the Vivid festival in May.	Last year, during a Q&A session on his fan site, True To You, he replied to a groupie's question saying:' I see no difference between eating animals and paedophilia...'Imagine, for example, if you were in a nightclub and someone said to you "Hello, I enjoy bloodshed, throat-slitting and the destruction of life," well, I doubt if you'd want to exchange phone numbers.'	In another post, he wrote of TV chef Jamie Oliver:'If Jamie'Orrible is so certain that flesh-food is tasty then why does n't he stick one of his children in a microwave?'	The animal activist is equally known for his outspoken political views and hatred of the British monarchy.	He once said in an outspoken interview in 1984 of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher:'She is only one person.	She can be destroyed.	It is the only remedy for this country at the moment.'	British police responded by searching Morrissey's home and carrying out an official investigation.	Daily Mail Australia have contacted The Just Group for comment.
Graeme Finlay leaving Teesside Crown Court today.	He is accused of attacking husband and wife Ronald and June Phillips while on board a cruise ship.	After enjoying dinner, an evening show and a drink in the cruise ship's cabaret bar, Ron and June Phillips headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa.	But their relaxing night on the luxury liner was shattered by a violent confrontation that left both unconscious.	The elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant and claims that he was snubbed, a court heard yesterday.	Graeme Finlay, 53, says he was'ignored' when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu.	He claims Mr Phillips, 70, later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation but the couple say they were ambushed.	Mr Phillips and his 69-year-old wife were on a 14-night holiday based in the Canary Islands, which involved seven nights on the Thomson Celebration ship and seven nights in a hotel.	Describing the horrific night in January last year -- when the liner was cruising off the coast of Lanzarote -- Mr Phillips told the court he had drunk about three gin and tonics when he and his wife headed back to their cabin.	Mr Phillips walked with a crutch because of a hip replacement operation and his wife also suffered from limited mobility due to osteoarthritis.	He told Teesside Crown Court that he was holding both cups of hot chocolate in one hand and his crutch in the other when they were set upon as they entered their room.	Mr Phillips said he was about to follow his wife into the cabin when he spotted someone out of the corner of his eye.	The couple were travelling on a Thomson Celebration cruise ship when they were viciously attacked.	The liner was cruising off the coast of Lanzarote when it is alleged Graeme Finlay beat the frail, elderly pair.	'The next thing I knew I came to with people all around me,' he said.	'There seemed to be blood everywhere and broken hot chocolate mugs.	I only remember one punch to my head and I was knocked out.'	In her evidence, Mrs Phillips said:'I saw Ron lying on the bulkhead and this great big guy going boof, boof, boof [ she made a punching motion ].	'He must have hit him five times.	I put my hand on his arm and told him, "leave him alone, you will kill him".'	Prosecutor Lewis Kerr told the court that Mr Phillips suffered facial injuries.	His wife was pushed against a wall and also knocked unconscious.	She was found to have suffered two broken vertebrae.	The crew of the Celebration found bed sheets and a T-shirt in Finlay's cabin with blood marks.	He was not on the ship, which was in port at the time of the discovery, but when he returned he was told to make his own way back to his home in Glasgow.	Mr Kerr said:'The defendant was interviewed by the police and explained he had an argument with Mr and Mrs Phillips.	'He accepts he hit Mr Phillips but did n't accept causing the injuries to Mrs Phillips.	He said he was only ever acting in self-defence.'	Teesside Crown Court, pictured, heard how crew members discovered a bloodstained T-shirt and bed sheets in Mr Finlay's cabin.	He denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm.	It was alleged that after dinner Finlay had shared a lift with Mr and Mrs Phillips and told them:'You ignored me, I want an apology.'	Peter Kilgour, defending, put it to Mr Phillips that he swore at the defendant and'lashed out at him' with his crutch.	Mr Phillips replied:'No.	Never in my life have I hit anyone, not even my wife, you can ask her.'	He said there was no row in the lift and that he was attacked without warning.	He also denied snubbing Finlay at dinner, insisting:'I would n't ignore someone who had sat down at my table.	We were in the restaurant for 45 minutes to an hour and did n't see him again.	We just chatted to the other couple.	There was no disagreement.'	Finlay denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm.	The case continues.	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
A Polish prince has challenged Nigel Farage to a sword fight over his attacks on immigration.	Janek Zylinski, the aristocratic son of Polish war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring that he had'had enough' of the Ukip leader.	Brandishing his sword, Mr Zylinski said:'Enough is enough, Mr Farage.	So what I'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel.	I'd like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning, with our swords, and resolve this matter.'	Janek Zylinski, the aristocratic son of Polish war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring he had'had enough' of the Ukip leader.	The Polish prince, who lives in Ealing, West London, begins his video by introducing a gold sculpture of his father, Captain Andrzej Zylinski.	The cavalry officer led a victorious charge against the Nazis in Kaluszyn, near Warsaw, in 1939, helping to save 6,000 Jews.	In the online video he declares that he has had enough of the discrimination against immigrants from people such as Mr Farage.	He said:'I've had enough of the discrimination against Polish people in this country.'	Mr Zylinski added:'The most idiotic example I've heard of has been Mr Nigel Farage blaming migrants for traffic jams on the M40.'	The prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would do.	But Zylinski also offers up an alternative way to settle their differences.	He says that'if his sword is a little rusty, we could meet in a studio for a duel of words in the run up to the election.'	The Ukip leader was today forced to defend his stance on immigration after meeting an Eastern European worker during a factory tour in Essex.	Nigel Farage, the leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party, chats to a supporter during campaigning in Clacton, Essex.	Mr Farage (centre) and parliamentary candidate for Clacton Douglas Carswell (left) meet staff during a visit to hinge manufacturer NICO in Clacton, Essex.	Mr Farage was visiting hinge manufacturer NICO in Clacton as he spoke of the need to boost manufacturing and improve skills among British workers.	During a tour of one of the factory's workshops, he met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity, 62, who has lived in Colchester for five years after travelling to the UK for work.	Mr Loncsarevity could not answer questions as he does not speak any English but was described by colleagues as'relatively low-skilled'.	The firm's manufacturing manager Steve Dalton confirmed that the company needed to look to Eastern Europe to fill a skills gap and on occasion had flown potential employees from Poland.	Mr Farage displayed his Union Flag themed socks out campaigning today.	Asked about the encounter and whether Mr Loncsarevity should be working in the UK, Mr Farage said:'Ukip has never said anyone should leave the country, so the question is entirely baseless.	'One of the big problems that we've got in engineering is a real shortage of young people studying engineering to go into trades such as this, which is regrettable.	'We've got rid of technical colleges and encouraged more and more young people to go to university and study degrees which are not directly linked to industry such as this.	'If there's no British person trained to do that job, then that says more about us than them.'	Mr Dalton said he was not a Ukip supporter but did not oppose the party's proposal of an Australian-style points system designed to limit the number of immigrants.	He said:'There needs to be some controls but presumably, if we needed to fill a skills gap, we would still be able to do that under such a system.'	The company employs 130 people, six of whom are migrants from Eastern Europe.	Finance director Gillian Hagger said:' A lot of industries in the UK do need migrant workers.	'The area we're in means we've got a large pool to recruit from but sometimes we find their skills are limited.	'On those occasions we have had to look further afield, including flying interviewees in from Poland.'	Later Mr Farage visited the town's Copping Community Centre with Douglas Carswell - the first person to be elected as a Ukip MP after defecting from the Conservatives.	He met supporters and again spoke of the lack of young British people pursuing careers in manufacturing and leaving engineering firms with a'genuine shortage' of skilled workers.	He said:'We will say that anyone doing engineering at degree level should not be paying any tuition fees.'
The mailman who landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol this week to protest campaign finance laws has returned home.	Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress.	Now under arrest, he has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month.	He is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on Monday to register with a probation officer.	SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO.	House arrest: Doug Hughes, 61, is home in Ruskin, Florida, for his house arrest as he awaits his court date.	After a series of interviews, the Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan.	Under interrogation, Mrs Hughes told officers her husband said he was going to Virginia but did not elaborate.	The family's attorney Paul Carr told WTPO the saga has been a strain on Mrs Hughes and the couple's 12-year-old daughter.	'After this morning when [ Alena ] found out she would not be facing any charges, that was a great relief for her,' Carr told the station.	'She knew he was going to leave and indicated he was going to Virginia.'	Earlier this week, following the stunt on Wednesday, Mrs Hughes defended her husband as a'patriot'.	'From the public point of view this is very brave,' Mrs Hughes told WFLA.'	I think he's patriot and I'm proud of him.'	However, Mr Hughes, who is charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft, was asked by the Associated Press if he defined himself as a patriot: he said,'no I'm a mailman.'	The mailman has received support on both Facebook and Twitter for the stunt.	The 61-year-old even has a fan page on Facebook called'Doug Hughes is awesome' and many Twitter users have riddled the social media site with kudos for the man.	Patriot: Hughes' wife, Alena Hughes (photographed), said she is proud of her husband and said he is a'patriot' Land: After more than two years of planning, Hughes made it through restricted airspace in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn (photographed).	Charged: Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.	While, Mrs Hughes says she is proud of her husband and will'support him no matter what' the Belarus native told NBC that the days following the incident have been'stressful.'	She said that she has not slept much since her husband's stunt and felt betrayed because if something had happened to Hughes it would have affected their family.	She and Hughes have a 12-year-old daughter and Hughes has adult children from a previous marriage.	Mrs Hughes struggled to describe the situation to the child and told the 12-year-old that her father'loves his country.'	Mr and Mrs Hughes have been married for thirteen years.	After meeting online, the two went on a few dates in Moscow and St. Petersburg in Russia.	Mrs Hughes moved to the U.S. in 2002 and the two got married.	Mrs Hughes said she knew that Doug was interested in politics but had no idea of his risky plan when he bought the gyrocopter two years ago.	She told WFLA that she was sure Hughes was n't doing anything wrong.	Struggle: Mrs Hughes struggled to describe the situation to their 12-year-old daughter.	Lawyer: Mrs Hughes said her husband had his own lawyer in Washington, but she has hired an attorney, Paul Carr, in Florida to represent her.	Mrs Hughes said her husband had his own lawyer in Washington, but she has hired an attorney, Paul Carr, in Florida to represent her.	'After discussing the situation with her, I did n't see any criminal intent,' Carr said.	'In fact, there's a lot of people that would like to approach Congress.'	Hughes' stunt raised security concerns as lawmakers said the incident exposed a security gap.	The concerns were raised further amid revelations that Hughes was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago and revealed his plan for the stunt to both the Tampa Bay Times -- which has recently come under fire for failing to stop the stunt -- and in a 2013 blog post.
One of the best spells of spring weather in the last two decades is set to peak today with temperatures in England beating most of the Mediterranean.	And keep those sunglasses at the ready -- the sunshine is forecast to last until the middle of next week.	The mercury is expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today.	This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F).	Temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week.	Scroll down for videos.	Messing about in boats: Young women on a pedalo yesterday in the Serpentine, which runs through Hyde Park in central London.	Celebration: Sisters Isabella and Lola Ward play in a tulip field near King's Lynn in Norfolk during the sunshine.	Laid-back: Londoners in St James's Park lying down and sunbathing as the heatwave continued.	Fun in the sun: A woman is pictured enjoying the fine weather in St James Park in central London as temperatures climbed to more than 22C.	Faiza Humayra, 10, from London (in pink) and her friend play on one of the fountains in Trafalgar Square in central London yesterday afternoon.	Soaking up the rays: Three teenagers on the beach at Southsea, Hampshire, with temperatures set to reach a record for this year so far.	Jog: A young woman running through Regent's Park and enjoying the heat.	At ease: A woman strips off to take full advantage of the sunshine in Hyde Park.	It will be chillier at night, with parts of the North dipping to 2C (36F) tonight with the threat of frost.	The maximum temperature recorded by the Met Office yesterday was 22.7 C (72.9 F) in St James's Park in central London.	Meanwhile 22.6 C (72.7 F) was seen at Shoeburyness in Essex and 22.4 C (72.3 F) at Manston, Kent.	The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9 C (71.4 F) was recorded in London.	The South East and London were considerably hotter than the rest of the UK, with temperatures peaking around 18C (64.4 F) in the Midlands.	Similar temperatures were observed in the North, while most of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland was no warmer than 14C (57.2 F).	Flowers: Two-year-old Abi Jones running in a meadow of tulips at Cardiff's Cathays Park.	Beside the seaside: The beach at Southsea had dozens of people leaning against the sea wall enjoying the sunshine.	Friends: Three young women taking a selfie on Southsea Common as they sat on a picnic blanket.	Posing: A man takes a photograph on the beach at Southsea during the heatwave yesterday.	While the record temperatures are only going to last two days, the weather is expected to remain warmer than the average April high of 14.2 C (57.6 F).	'It is staying sunny and getting warmer, so it will be a good week,' said Met Office forecaster Nicola Maxey.	'There will be plenty of sunshine around and it looks like we will see the warmest day of the year so far.	'In some places temperatures will be double the average for this time of year tomorrow.	'We could see some cooler air coming in on Thursday, but it will stay settled and temperatures will still be above average.'	Drifting off: A young woman rests in Regent's Park and enjoys the sunshine.	Boating: A couple take a paddle boat out on the water in Regent's Park.	Chilled: Londoners by the Regent's Canal taking advantage of record temperatures.	Leisure: Flying kites on the beach at Frinton-on-Sea, Essex, yesterday.	Splash!	Youngsters Max, Arran and Harry brave the English Channel on Southsea beach.	At Britain's last remaining tulip farm, the flowers were thriving in the warm conditions after blooming late because of the relatively cold spring.	Farmer Mark Eves, of Belmont Nurseries near King's Lynn in Norfolk, said:'We are having a later Spring this year.	'The tulip crop is around two to three weeks behind.	'We have had some warm and bright days but the nights have been cold and the average soil temperature has been very low.	'It looks like a promising crop, the plant health is good and the flowers are a good colour.'	Picturesque: Isabella and Lola Ward surrounded by colourful flowers at Belmont Nurseries in Norfolk.	Thriving: The tulip fields are thriving in the sunshine as the warm April conditions continue.	Peaceful: Two sunbathers on the beach at Portsmouth in conditions reminiscent of summer.	Treat: Beach goers bought ice creams to help them cool down in the heat.	The farm has been in operation for 15 years after Peter Ward, Mr Eves's father-in-law, decided he could grow tulips as well as the Dutch.	Those enjoying the top temperatures have been warned to stock up on suncream, as spring sunshine can be deceptively dangerous.	Jim Bacon of Weatherquest said:'The sun has got a lot of strength in it.	'Think that towards the end of April you're the same distance away from mid-summer as you are at the end of August.	'You should n't be surprised if you get sunburnt in April.'	And fire brigades say there is an elevated risk of dry weather and outdoor barbecues creating the conditions for countryside blazes.	Blossom: Flowering trees in a park in Cambridge as Britain basked in sunshine yesterday.	Carefree: Young women cycling through central Cambridge in the warm sunshine.	Out in force: Cyclists in Cambridge taking advantage of the sunny conditions yesterday.	Crossing: The Isle of Wight to Portsmouth ferry emerges from the fog as it makes its way across the Solent.	Stunning sight: A fog bank passes over Kingswear in Devon.	Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service issued a warning after a gas-powered barbecue caught fire in the county.	And the Devon and Cornwall fire brigade drew attention to the dangers of children playing with matches outside.	Britons are so confident of a scorching summer that bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.	The record for the hottest day ever in the UK was set more than a decade ago in August 2003 when temperatures hit 38.1 C (101F) in Gravesend, Kent.	Coral's price on this summer being the hottest on record has fallen from 10/1 to 2/1, while Ladbrokes has 5/6 on this spring being the warmest ever.	Wednesday warmth: Most of England and Wales will enjoy sunshine over the next few days with temperatures hitting 24C later this week.	Hot day: These graphics show the cloud coverage and temperatures today, with the South East expected to have the best weather.	Arriving: The predicted hot weather this week is the result of a plume of warm air heading towards the UK from the south west.	There has been a surge in bets after the recent warm weather, and William Hill has 8/1 odds that the temperature will exceed 100F (37.8 C) this year.	Ladbrokes is also offering 8/1 that the April record of 29.4 C (84.9 F) set in 1949 in Camden, north London, will be broken by the end of the month.	Met Office spokesman Laura Young said:'We are expecting some really good temperatures over the next few days.	'Unless you are in north-west Scotland, which will see quite a lot of rain, it will be dry and sunny.	'Wednesday will be 22C to 25C (72F to 77F) or higher in places.	Thursday will probably be slightly cooler but still in the high teens.	'There is a cold air mass arriving on Thursday night but it is expected to stay dry well into next week.	After that we can be less certain.'	Warming up: Joggers and commuters on the Millennium Bridge in London yesterday, on what was the warmest day of the year.	Spring: HMS Belfast pictured in front of Tower Bridge this morning as London was set to see highs of 24C (75F).	Sunrise: The scene at Gravesend Sailing Club yesterday as the rising sun reflected off the Thames Estuary.	Morning: The tanker Futura making its way up the Thames as the sun rose over Gravesend.	The spell of warm weather, which has now lasted more than a week, has seen people flocking to the nation's beaches.	Among them were swimmers in the South West who were stunned to see giant jellyfish in the waters.	The Met Office three-month contingency forecast for public officials predicts that there is an average chance of a warmer than usual summer.	But thankfully the chances of it being much colder than usual is just 10 per cent.	A spokesman said:'Unfortunately, the weather we get in April does n't necessarily tell us anything about the kind of summer we can expect.	'We're still in the midst of spring, so it's far too early to say what the months of June, July and August may hold.'	Giant jellyfish are being spotted off Britain earlier than normal thanks to the warm weather, it was claimed yesterday.	Kayaker Rupert Kirkwood, a seasoned sea watcher, was stunned to see the giant creatures off Hope Cove in Devon.	The barrel jellyfish, which have tentacles up to 6ft long, were pictured floating next to Mr Kirkwood's kayak in the sun-drenched blue waters.	Up close: Rupert Kirkwood's son Henry had this encounter with a barrel jellyfish near Hope Cove off the coast of south Devon.	The species are usually found in more tropical areas such as the Mediterranean Sea.	But the rising temperatures and warmer seas have meant more plankton is available - and the jellyfish have headed closer to shore.	The dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way.	Beachgoers are advised not to touch jellyfish in case they have chanced upon a species with a powerful sting.	Floating: The dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way.	The Red Cross says that anyone who does get stung should not try to use urine to provide relief as the healing properties of this are an urban myth.	Vinegar is said to be far more effective.	Vet Mr Kirkwood said:'No doubt they [ are ] encouraged to put in an appearance by the sunny weather.	'I have never seen them so early in the year.	Could be the start of a bumper jellyfish year.'
When Utah photographer Alan Lawrence learned that his newborn son, Wil, had Down Syndrome his'mind was flooded with many emotions, most of which were not positive.'	Now, 18 months later, Lawrence tells ABC that little Wil'brings a light to our family.'	He said he once believed having a child with Down Syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish.	Instead, Lawrence said, little Wil has taken the limits off and'opened so many doors' for his family In return, the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability.	The ability to fly.	Scroll down for video.	'Wil Can Fly:' A Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence (left), created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil (right), who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying.	The father created a photo series called'Wil Can Fly' in which the toddler appears to be flying in many different scenes.	Lawrence, who began taking the photos when Wil was just months old, created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.	He posted the photos on his blog -- That Dad Blog -- and later on his Instagram account.	After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations, KSL reports.	The family recently started a Kickstarter campaign.	'When Wil was little, he would lie on his stomach and raise his arms and legs like he was flying.	It was n't something any of my other kids did,' Lawrence told ABC.	'We all said,'Look, he's flying!'	Lawrence said his goal is to raise awareness about Down Syndrome.	He admitted in his blog that he and his wife Nikki knew very little about the disorder when Wil was born in October 2013.	The father said he hopes to photograph Wil'flying' in other destinations to raise more awareness.	He also told ABC he hopes to help people overseas who do not have access to the same level of care through his YouTube channel by posting therapy tutorials.	Wil the Examiner: Here, Wil examines his brother's hair using a wooden spoon.	Wil Flies Away: Here, Wil flies away leaving his father in his dust.	Wil checks himself out in the mirror first thing in the morning.	Wil is Hungry: Here, Wil hovers over his high-chair as his mother feeds him.	Wil in the Forest: Wil flies through the forest.	Wil Over Chickens: Here, Wil flies over chickens.	Wil With Bubbles: Here, Wil appears to kiss a bubble as he floats in the air.	Wil in Stripes: Here, Wil flies in the air above a field.	Soaring, Flying: Here, Wil soars above a grassy field with mountains in the distance.	Wil Faces a Dinosaur: Here, Wil comes face-to-face with a Tyrannosaurus Rex.	Wil Escapes the Cart: Here, Wil floats above his mother's cart in the cereal aisle at a grocery store.	Wil Gets a Better Look: Here, Wil floats above his sister's head as she reads'Peter Pan' Wil Does n't Need A Bike: Here, Wil floats above the other kids on their bikes.	Wil Flies in the Sunlight: Here, Wil flies in a forest as sunlight breaks through the trees.	.
A space company.	owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has finished work on a.	rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship.	Called Blue Origin, the firm expects to begin.	flight tests this year.	The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three.	people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes.	about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth.	Scroll down for video.	The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys, and the firm is also developing an orbital craft, shown here.	It will launch from Blue.	Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of.	El Paso.	Testing and development of the rocket engine, called BE-3,.	has been completed, the last major milestone before the liquid.	oxygen - and liquid hydrogen-fueled motor is attached to the New.	Shepard capsule for flight, Blue Origin President Rob Meyerson.	told reporters on a conference call.	Privately owned Blue Origin has not started selling tickets.	for flights on New Shepard or released pricing information.	'The engine is ready for flight... and ready for other.	commercial users,' Meyerson said.	He declined to be more.	specific about when New Shepard would fly, except to say'soon.'	The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys.	The New Shepard vehicle includes a Crew Capsule carrying three or more astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered Propulsion Module, launched from the firm's West Texas Launch Site.	Following liftoff, the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes.	The Propulsion Module then shuts off its rocket engines and separates from the Crew Capsule.	The Propulsion Module will finish its flight, descend to Earth, and autonomously perform a rocket-powered vertical landing.	The Crew Capsule will go on to coast to the edge of space, providing astronauts with a view to the curvature of the Earth and the beauty of our planet.	After descent and reentry into Earth's atmosphere, the Crew Capsule will land under parachutes near the launch site.	In addition, the New Shepard vehicle will provide opportunities for researchers to fly experiments into space and a microgravity environment.	Blue Origin's Orbital Reusable Booster System.	The capsule will fly dozens of times unmanned before the.	test flights include pilots, Meyerson added.	When finished, the New Shepard vehicle includes a Crew Capsule carrying three or more astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered Propulsion Module, launched from the firm's West Texas Launch Site.	Following liftoff, the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes.	The Propulsion Module then shuts off its rocket engines and separates from the Crew Capsule.	The Propulsion Module will finish its flight, descend to Earth, and autonomously perform a rocket-powered vertical landing.	The Crew Capsule will go on to coast to the edge of space, providing astronauts with a view to the curvature of the Earth and the beauty of our planet.	After descent and reentry into Earth's atmosphere, the Crew Capsule will land under parachutes near the launch site.	Blue Origin is among a handful of companies planning to.	offer commercial spaceflight services.	New Shepard is a.	suborbital system, like Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo, a.	six-passenger, two-pilot spaceplane that is expected to resume.	test flights later this year following a fatal accident in.	Mojave, California, on Oct. 31, 2014.	Another company, privately owned XCOR Aerospace, is working.	on a two-seater spaceplane called Lynx that also is slated to.	debut this year, founder and chief technology officer Jeff.	Greason said.	Other companies, including Space Exploration Technologies,.	or SpaceX, and Boeing, are skipping suborbital.	spaceflight and developing systems to carry people into orbit.	Blue Origin intends to parlay its suborbital New Shepard.	vehicle into an orbital launch system, expected to begin flying.	later this decade.	That vehicle will be powered by a liquefied.	natural gas motor, called the BE-4, that is being developed with.	United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp.	and Boeing.	The recently completed BE-3 engine also will be modified to.	serve as an upper-stage motor to fly satellites into orbit,.	Meyerson said.
Tragic: An inquest heard Shaun Worthington died instantly after his car veered into oncoming traffic.	A night-shift worker was killed instantly in a horror crash seconds after sending a text whilst driving home from a speed awareness course, an inquest has heard.	Driver Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04 pm - the same time the fatal text was sent.	The 29-year-old died when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614 between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe, near Bridlington, East Yorkshire, on November 19 last year.	His mother Jane Allen said:'No mother should have to go through what I have and the devastation of losing a son.	'Shaun was such a bright man and very popular with a lot of people.	'If someone somewhere reads this and it makes them stop using their phone while driving, then at least that is something.'	An inquest at Hull Coroner's Court held into Mr Worthington's death heard how he had completed a 12-hour night shift at Cranswick Pet Products in Driffield, before driving to York to complete a speed awareness course on the morning of November 19.	He was on his way home to the house he shared with his sister Andrea Ward and her family in Bridlington when the crash happened.	Mr Worthington's mobile phone records showed he had sent a text message at 1.04 pm that afternoon, the same time the crash happened.	Collision investigator officer Alfred Place said a forward-facing camera on the truck captured Mr Worthington's car drifting into the centre of the road before veering into the westbound carriageway into the path of the oncoming vehicle.	The camera also captured the time of the crash as 1.04 pm.	Truck driver Mark Harness told police at the scene he had tried to swerve to avoid Mr Worthington but nothing could be done.	Mr Worthington's family told the inquest how Mr Worthington had recently bought a new phone which did not fit into his previous mobile phone holder and that normally he would use his hands free device.	Plea: Mr Worthington's mother, Jean Allen (pictured), appealed to other motorists not to use their mobile phones when driving after it was found her son had sent a text message seconds before his car crashed.	The stretch of the A614 where Mr Worthington was killed between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe, East Yorkshire, on November 19 last year.	He had been driving home from a speed awareness course.	Mrs Allen said:'If people know that someone is driving they should not ring or text them, just wait until they have got to where they need to be safely' Mrs Allen said:'Shaun paid the ultimate price.	He was not a reckless driver, he was n't on drugs or drinking.	'If people know that someone is driving they should not ring or text them, just wait until they have got to where they need to be safely.'	Returning a verdict of accidental death, coroner Paul Marks reiterated Mrs Allen's call for people not to use their phones while driving.	He said:' I would like to make a point to the public.	'All vehicle drivers should use hands-free communication accessories.	'When driving, motorists should not read or compose texts.	They need to pull up if they want to send a text.'	Mr Worthington was born in Hull and attended Lambwath Junior High School and Malet Lambert School, in east Hull, before moving to Bridlington with his family when he was 13.	He went on to study at East Riding College, where he qualified as a chef.	When he was 18, he moved to Spain with Mrs Allen and his stepfather John to help run the family business, a bar called Goodfellas in Magaluf.	He spent about a year in the Spanish resort before returning to Bridlington.	His family said they would like to thank everyone for their messages of support following his death.	They also thanked police and family liaison officers for their support.	Mrs Allen said:' I could not have asked for a better son.'	I am going to miss him so much, but he will be forever with me in my heart.	'We are devastated by what has happened.	It has blown our world apart.'
A woman who weighs 400lbs has told how men are paying her around $1,500 (# 1,000) a month to let them watch her devour fast food and sugary treats on camera.	New Yorker Sarah Reign, 26, describes herself as a'feedee', who gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers.	After working shifts as a security guard at a factory, Miss Reign disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam.	Happy to be a'feedee': Sarah Reign, from New York, supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on camera for men who like to watch her eat.	Miss Reign, who weighs 26 stone, says she enjoyed eating so much, she decided to turn it into a job.	She says fans love to watch her enjoying food ; she might gorge on a whole chocolate cake or cover her stomach with butter, acts that can earn her around $1,500 (# 1,000) a month in addition to her regular pay.	After realising that her weight could become a lucrative sideline for her, she set about gaining more and is now six stone heavier than before she started.	She says:' I really enjoy eating.	No one at work knows my secret.	It felt awkward eating on camera at first as fans love to watch you chewing every mouthful.	'But I eat so much anyway I thought it'd be fun to do it on cam.	I just keep eating until I'm full.'	Her new career has also led her to the world of'squashing', where men pay her to sit on them when she meets them in person.	She says of her first squashing experience:'It was awkward but I got really into it.'	Miss Reign says that she wo n't sit on anyone naked though, always keeping her underwear on.	Sarah Reign says her fans love to watch her enjoying food.	The men who watch Miss Reign's videos love to see the plus-size entertainer chowing down on junk food.'	I wo n't do nude squashing,' she vowed.'	I just wear a vest top and tiny shorts.'	The security guard adds that she has always been large and that her weight has never been an issue for her.	In fact, in 2008, aged 20 and weighing 20 stone, she celebrated her figure by posting glamour shots of herself online in skimpy clothing.	How did this sideline come to pass?	Miss Reign joined a site for bigger women who like to flaunt their shape, she soon had plenty of male attention.	'It's such an ego boost,' she admitted.	'So many of them wanted to see me eat on camera, I thought,'Why not?'	After a period of using web cams for feeders, she then set up her own video channel.	'It's sexy to be big,' she said.'	I really enjoy eating on camera so I started gaining weight on purpose.	'I've put on six stone since I started.	'Lots of men want to feed me so much I ca n't move anymore, but that's not my thing.	I still want to be active and do my day job.'	The security guard admits she's a'clean freak' and puts underwear covered in food straight into the washing machine when the camera is turned off.	Squashing: Miss Reign now offers a service for men who enjoy being smothered by a larger lady.	Her lingerie drawer is overflowing with different outfits but the most common request is for Miss Reign to dress up as a pig.'	I have a piggy nose and ears that I wear and eat really messily in, covering my face with chocolate.	'But when the camera's off, I'm a clean freak and put my bra and the towels I use to cover the floor straight in the washing machine.	'Sometimes I take the camera into the shower and film myself getting clean, that's really sexy.'	Although she had plenty of requests for squashing sessions, she did not take the plunge until three years ago.'	I had so many men ask, but there was a guy who lived nearby who wanted to try it,' Miss Reign said.	'The first time, I watched some videos the night before to prepare but nothing phases me.	'When I got to the hotel it was weird at first and it's hard not to laugh.	'He lay down on the bed and I climbed on top of him.	But I got into it really quickly.	'For the hour session, I was crushing him the whole time.'	Cashing in: With a lowly paid job in New York as a security guard, Miss Reign can boost her income by $1,500 (# 1,000) a month.	Miss Reign has had eight squashing clients and some of them will not admit they love big women.'	A lot of them are in the fat closet,' she joked.	'They say how thin their girlfriends are and they're obviously worried they'll be the butt of their friends' jokes if they admit they love fat girls.	'But there's also men who want women to do stuff like this but most girls wo n't believe them that they think fat is sexy.	'They're self-conscious and want to look slimmer, not embrace their shape.'	One of her other sidelines is posting out her lacy pants after they've been worn.	She has had long-term boyfriends since she started being a part-time squasher.	'It's not been an issue for them.	Some of them have watched the videos, some of them have n't,' she said.	'Most of them have really supported me and did n't care.	'I'm single right now, but I would n't rule out going on a date with an online fan.'	I have men ask all the time, it's more that it's not practical and they're in other countries.	I have lots of fans in the UK and Germany.'	'But if they were from the US, I would never say never.'
As James Bond, he is licensed to kill.	But it takes a great deal of artistic licence for Daniel Craig's character to survive his on-screen ordeals, medical experts say.	For in real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall.	The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have'turned his lungs out'.	Craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego -- he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next Bond movie, Spectre.	Only in the movies... Daniel Craig in fighting form as Bond despite a potentially fatal wound.	But Bond is not the only one to defy medical science.	Writing for Total Film magazine, the experts say many characters in other top films would also have struggled to escape alive from their injuries.	They include John McClane -- played by Bruce Willis -- in Die Hard, the serial killer in Halloween and, perhaps more surprisingly, three of the cast of family comedy Home Alone.	This is their verdict.	Skyfall [ 2012 ].	The fifth Bond film may well have been called You Only Live Twice but in Daniel Craig's most recent outing as Bond he should have died at least three times, according to the medical experts.	If 007 had been a mere mortal, the film would have ended after seven minutes -- rather than lasting two hours and 23 minutes.	Right at the beginning, Bond is hit in the chest by a shell laced with radioactive uranium, the type of weapon usually used to destroy tanks.	'The exit wound would have shattered his shoulder blade,' says Total Film's medical adviser Dr Bertie Garbutt.	'Bond would not have survived.	A depleted uranium shell going at any kind of speed would've passed straight through him, turned his lungs inside out and killed him.'	Yet Bond survives and only five minutes later plummets off a train, 260ft into the river below.	According to Dr Garbutt, such a fall would probably have broken his neck or severed his spinal cord.	If he survived that, he would almost certainly have drowned.	Bond's own medical techniques are n't up to much, either.	Thirty-one minutes in to Skyfall, he decides to remove that pesky bullet from his shoulder -- not something Dr Garbutt would recommend.	Daniel Craig as James Bond removes a bullet from his shoulder - a procedure experts say would have led to infection, unconsciousness, blood loss and severe muscle and nerve damage.	Such a clumsy manoeuvre would have led to infection, unconsciousness, blood loss and severe muscle and nerve damage.	Oh, and the bits of uranium from the shell floating around his system might well have given him cancer.	Bond's retirement would not have been a blissful one.	He would have been extremely hard of hearing, thanks to the grenades and gunfire that wrecked his Skyfall estate in Scotland an hour and 54 minutes into the film.	His eardrums would almost certainly have been perforated.	Only eight minutes later, a deafened Bond plunges into an icy loch and, while underwater, fights a pursuer to the death -- not a prospect he was in the best shape for.	'Fighting means he would use oxygen quickly ; so it's improbable he'd get out in time,' says Dr Garbutt, adding:'Hypothermia would set in very quickly and he'd struggle to move.'	Die Hard [ 1988 ].	John McClane, Bruce Willis's maverick New York cop in the Die Hard series, should by rights have done exactly that -- die.	In real life, Bruce Willis' John McClane would never have survived long enough to smash through a plate glass window in the first Die Hard movie.	A posse of baddies have rounded up a group of hostages, including McClane's wife, in a Los Angeles skyscraper.	In his bid to rescue them, McClane starts out as a bit of a softie.	He's 35 minutes into the film, when the poor lamb hits his head against a plaster wall and tumbles down some stairs.	'The plasterboard is likely to have caused some bruising but, because he landed on top of another guy, he may have sprained something,' says Dr Ram Moorthy, a head and neck surgeon.	Thirteen minutes later, McClane nearly falls to his death down a lift shaft, only to be saved by clinging on to a ledge with his fingertips... an unlikely prospect in someone who is n't a trained climber, says Dr Moorthy.	It's highly possible he could have broken his fingers and dislocated his shoulder.	McClane lives to fight on.	An hour and 13 minutes in, he blows up a lift shaft.	Dr Moorthy says he should have suffered shrapnel and burn wounds, and a ringing in his ears.	McClane could just about have survived -- and again, two minutes later, when he gashes his feet on glass fragments, if the blood loss was n't too bad.	He might even have got over being kicked in the head many times two minutes later, although he would have suffered jaw and cheekbone fractures.	What he could n't have survived, says Dr Moorthy, is being shot in the shoulder.	'More than likely, John would have lost consciousness from blood loss,' he says.	'And I'm not sure whether he'd have been able to defeat the bad guys.	I think he would've died during his final battle when he was kicked in the head and shot.'	Still, McClane miraculously makes it, and indeed goes on to leap off the exploding building, smashing through a plate glass window, with no permanent injury -- as the next four films in the Die Hard franchise went on to prove.	Home Alone [ 1990 ].	Surely this old Christmas favourite would leave all its leading players alive?	Not according to London registrar Dr Keir Shiels.	In his analysis, not only would poor little Kevin (Macaulay Culkin) have been a goner, so would his tormentors, burglars Harry and Marv (Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern).	Macaulay Culkin's Home Alone character Kevin would have died from head injuries when he fell from some high shelves.	When Kevin falls from some high shelves, he would almost certainly have suffered fatal head injuries.	Later, both crooks slip down some icy stairs, with Harry potentially breaking vertebrae and being paralysed.	Marv's fall is less serious but then he's struck by a crowbar and hit with an iron.	'With enough impact to the front of the head... potentially fatal,' says Dr Shiels.	The pair slip on toy cars, are knocked off their feet by swinging paint tins and are smacked in the head with metal spades.	No human could have survived such repeated trauma, says Dr Shiels.	'Marv and Harry would be very seriously disabled and would probably have died from their injuries.	Kevin would have died from massive head injuries when he fell from climbing shelves.'	Halloween [ 1978 ].	Experts say killer Michael Myers from the Halloween films (pictured) would not have survived being stabbed in the chest.	Life expectancy does n't look good for student Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) when she's stalked by Michael Myers (Nick Castle), who's just escaped from a nearby mental institution and put on a mask.	In fact, though, it's Myers who gets it in the neck when, an hour and 16 minutes in, he is stabbed with a knitting needle.	Dr Hannah Barnham-Brown, of St George's, University of London, says he could have survived as long as it did n't hit an artery.	Four minutes later, Myers gets a coat-hanger in the eye.	Again, not necessarily fatal.	But, she says, his luck would finally run out when he is stabbed in the chest.	'His left lung has almost certainly collapsed and his heart has probably been damaged too,' says Dr Barnham-Brown.	'He could easily have dropped down dead.'	For good measure, three minutes later Myers is shot six times before tumbling from a balcony.	'The gunshots would definitely have killed him and the idea of him getting up and escaping afterwards is laughable,' she says.
Digital delivery of music.	caught up with physical formats like CDs as a money stream for.	the first time last year, the trade association IFPI said on.	Tuesday.	It came, however, as overall global sales of $14.97 billion.	fell marginally from 2013.	The report also named the year's top-selling album - the'Frozen' soundtrack, which sold 10 million copies, while Pharrell Williams''Happy' was the top single, selling 13.9 million copies.	Taylor Swift famously removed her music from Spotify.	Digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time.	Piracy and free Internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form, which encouraged copying, bootlegs and free musicsites, and led to a collapse in sales from $40 billion in 1999.	IFPI, the International Federation of the Phonographic.	Industry, said in an annual report, that while revenues were.	down 0.4 percent in 2014 from the previous year, digital.	formats, including streaming and downloads, had finally caught.	up with physical formats, with each accounting for about 46.	percent of the market.	The vinyl format has had a renaissance and now accounts for 2 percent of revenues.	Performance rights and film and related.	revenues made up the balance.	'We have overall a positive picture, with the biggest.	market, the U.S., growing and the third biggest market in the.	world, Germany, growing as well,' Edgar Berger, chairman and.	CEO international of Sony Music Entertainment, said at a news.	conference.	'If we keep the current trajectory the industry will.	inevitably grow,' he said, adding his view that paid.	subscriptions to streaming services'will be the predominant.	performer'.	But the IFPI also noted some dark clouds ahead for the.	industry, including the impact of free delivery of music over.	Internet sites such as YouTube and dailymotion.com, and the.	desire of Chinese consumers to get their music for free.	The industry group said it was pushing for legal changes to.	be made in Europe, and eventually elsewhere, so that YouTube,.	dailymotion and others could no longer contend they are'safe.	harbours', immune from copyright violation because users post.	music and other content themselves.	Jay-Z and a host of celebrities recently launched Tidal in a bid to make more money from streaming services.	'Companies that play the role of distributing, monetising,.	promoting do n't belong in the'safe harbours',' IFPI chief.	executive Frances Moore said.	She noted that streaming sites such as Spotify and Deezer.	which pay the industry for music rights had contributed some.	$1.6 billion in revenues on the basis of having about 140.	million users while the free Internet sites, with a billion.	users, paid something over $641 million.	Berger said there was a' a piracy issue that needs to be.	fought in China', adding without piracy instead of ranking in.	19th place globally for music revenues, it would be in the top.	five.	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that a civil servant leaked an official account of a private meeting between Nicola Sturgeon and the French ambassador.	The SNP leader has denied telling French ambassador Sylvie Bermann that she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10 while suggesting that Ed Miliband was not Prime Minister material.	Ms Sturgeon told supporters at a rally in Glasgow today that she had written to Sir Jeremy to demand an official investigation.	Scroll down for video.	Nicola Sturgeon, pictured, had asked Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate the leaked memo.	She told supporters in Glasgow today that the Westminster establishment were afraid of the SNP's rise and called on Ed Miliband to commit to'locking out' David Cameron from Downing Street next month.	Ms Sturgeon completely denied claims that she secretly hoped David Cameron would win the election.	She claimed that the story was a sign of'panic' within the Westminster establishment over the surge of support for her party.	She then called on Mr Miliband to publicly commit to working with the SNP to'lock out' Mr Cameron from Downing Street in the event of a hung parliament.	Ms Sturgeon described the account of her conversation with the French ambassador as' 100 per cent untrue'.	The memo was published in the Daily Telegraph was written by a British civil servant following a conversation with consul-general Pierre-Alain Coffinier regarding the meeting between Ms Sturgeon and ambassador Sylvie Bermann, who was on her first visit to Scotland in February.	According to the memo:'Discussion appears to have focused mainly on the political situation, with the FM stating that she would n't want a formal coalition with Labour ; that the SNP would almost certainly have a large number of seats... that she'd rather see David Cameron remain as PM.'	The note went on to say that Ms Sturgeon had said she did not think Labour leader Ed Miliband was'prime minister material'.	The civil servant added:' I have to admit that I'm not sure that the FM's tongue would be quite so loose on that kind of thing in a meeting like that, so it might well be a case of something being lost in translation'.	Mr Coffinier - who was at the meeting - told Sky News that he had no recollection of Ms Sturgeon's alleged comments.	He said:' I do not know where this comes from, because it is certainly not in my report that anyone gave any preference.'	David Cameron, pictured today, said any deal between Labour and the SNP would be a'chaos alliance' A spokesman for the Ms Bermann said:'While the Ambassador and First Minister, some time ago, discussed the political situation, Ms Sturgeon did not touch on her personal political preferences with regards to the future prime minister.'	Attending an anti-nuclear rally in Glasgow, Ms Sturgeon said: "This story has already been shown to be 100 per cent untrue - having been comprehensively rejected by both the French Ambassador and Consul General.	'The real issue is how a second-hand and inaccurate account of this meeting - which was not even attended by the UK Government - came to be written by a UK Government civil servant and then leaked to Tory-supporting newspapers at the start of a General Election campaign.	'It suggests a Whitehall system out of control - a place where political dirty tricks are manufactured and leaked.	And the Foreign Office now appears to be denying the very existence of such a document.	Nicola Sturgeon would rather see David Cameron win the election because she does not see Ed Miliband as'prime minister material', it was reported last night.	A memo shows that the Scottish first minister told the French ambassador in February she would prefer to see Mr Cameron remain in Downing Street.	The document, which was leaked to the Daily Telegraph, undermines the SNP leader's claim that she wants to build a progressive alliance with Labour to keep the Conservatives out of office.	The SNP's opponents say the party would favour another Tory-led Westminster government, against which it could campaign in an attempt to stoke up anti-English sentiment and make an'out' vote more likely in another referendum.	Written by a senior civil servant, the memo from February 26 states:'The first minister confessed that she'd rather see David Cameron remain as PM (and did n't see Ed Miliband as PM material).'	She has denied the claims while last night Last night the French consul general told the Guardian that no such views were given by Miss Sturgeon, and'absolutely no preference was expressed' on the outcome of the general election.'	I am therefore writing to the head of the UK civil service, Sir Jeremy Heywood, requesting an urgent inquiry into the circumstances of such a false account being leaked for transparently political motives.'	The SNP leader added:'Anyone who knows anything about me knows I do n't want to see a Conservative government.	I'm campaigning to get the Tories out of Downing Street.	We've made if very clear that we will lock David Cameron out of Downing Street - the only person who's not made that clear is Ed Miliband.	'We've said that if there are more SNP and Labour MPs than there are Tory MPs, then we will vote to stop a Tory government even getting off the ground.	I reissue my challenge to Ed Miliband today to say likewise.'	Conservative Culture Secretary Sajid Javid told Sky News:'Who knows what the reality is there?	I think the one thing that we do know is that the SNP seem to be doing very well in Scotland at the moment... and it strongly suggests that the only way Ed Miliband could every come into office is in coalition with the SNP and that would mean chaos for Britain.'	And a Conservative spokesman said:'Ed Miliband still wo n't rule out a deal with the SNP because he knows he ca n't get into Number 10 without them - he's in the pocket of Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon has him on a leash.	'And we know what's in the ransom note: # 148 billion more wasteful borrowing, higher taxes on ordinary families, weaker defences and more debt than our children could ever hope to repay.'	Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said:'The First Minister might deny reports of her tete-a-tete with the French but we all know a Conservative-only government is the result of this election that the SNP want to see.	A Tory PM governing alone in Downing Street and veering to the right fuels nationalist fires back home.	'Despite her fluffy, positive words about working with the rest of the UK we know what she really thinks.	Her sole ambition is to break up the UK.'	Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood, pictured, has announced a full investigation into the growing scandal.	Ed Miliband, pictured, said he will not enter into any coalition with the SNP as he wants a majority.	Mr Miliband described the leaked memo as a'damning revelation' claiming the SNP were saying one thing in private and something completely different in public.	He said:'I'm very clear that there wo n't be a coalition with the SNP.	That's not going to happen, As for how other parties will end up voting on a Labour Queen's Speech, that's a matter for them.	I want a majority Labour government.'	Mr Miliband refused to rule out any post-election deal where he would rely on SNP support to prop up a minority government.	He added:'What I'm saying very clearly is we are not going to have a coalition with the SNP.	As for other post-election possibilities, I'm not getting into that.'	Prime Minister David Cameron joined the row while campaigning in Oxfordshire today.	He said:'There is this coalition of chaos alliance we could end up with if we are not careful - an alliance between the people who want to bankrupt Britain - Labour - and the people who want to break up Britain - the SNP, Nicola Sturgeon and Alex Salmond.	'That's what we have got to avoid, that big danger of a coalition of chaos that would take our country back.'	He claimed Ms Sturgeon's disputed opinion of the Labour leader'told us something that I said about four years ago - that Ed Miliband is not up to the job of being prime minister.	I think we knew that already'.
Gunfights broke out and.	vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest.	cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a.	leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area.	Activity in parts of Reynosa, a city across the Rio Grande.	from McAllen, Texas, ground to a halt on Friday afternoon after.	vehicles were torched and shooting began, authorities said.	Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police.	were injured, the Tamaulipas state government said in a.	statement.	A Reynosa police spokesman said two bystanders were.	apparently killed, but this was not confirmed.	Scroll down for video.	A truck blazes on a street of Reynosa, Tamaulipas state, Mexico on April 17, 2015 as gunfights erupted in broad daylight apparently in reaction to a drug cartel leader's arrest, officials said.	A school bus blazes on a street of Reynosa, Tamaulipas state, Mexico on Friday as violence erupted and vehicles were torched.	Earlier in the day, federal police and marines captured'El.	Gafe,' a leader of the Gulf cartel, said the spokesman for police.	in Reynosa, a city of more than 600,000 people in the.	northeastern state of Tamaulipas.	On Saturday, Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes who was transferred to Mexico city.	National Security Commission head Monte Alejandro Rubido says the Friday violence followed the arrest of Hernandez Fuentes and three other suspected members of the group as their comrades tried to free them.	Rubido said on Saturday that Hernandez Fuentes has been hard to capture because he has used more than eight false identities.	On Saturday, Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes (above).	Reports on Friday suggested authorities had detained a different leader, Jose Hugo Rodriguez Sanchez, who was arrested last year.	Hernandez worked his way up into the Gulf Cartel's hierarchy as its leaders were imprisoned or killed.	The U.S. consulate in Matamoros issued a message urging U.S. citizens to take precautions because of'several firefights and roadblocks throughout the city of Reynosa.'	Officials said roads in the city were blocked with vehicles set on fire by gunmen, and the Reynosa police spokesman said El Gafe was taken to Mexico City.	Authorities said the situation was brought under control by late afternoon.	Reynosa has been one of the most violent cities in Mexico.	over the past year, racked by turf wars among the Gulf cartel.	and the Zetas, two drug gangs fighting for control of border.	smuggling routes and crime rackets.	Three suspected assailants were killed and two state police were injured during the violence on Friday (above a burning vehicle).	Authorities said by the afternoon the situation was brought under control (above scenes near an Office Depot as vehicle is caught on fire).	'The city is completely out of control,' said Francisco.	Garcia Cabeza de Vaca, an opposition senator and former mayor of.	Reynosa.	More than 100,000 people have died in gang-related violence.	in Mexico over the past eight years.	President Enrique Pena.	Nieto pledged to restore order when he took office in 2012, but.	although the homicide count has fallen, parts of the country.	remain mired in violence.
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine is not a daredevil stunt driver who raced in Furious 7 - she just plays one on TV.	In the run-up to the premiere of the latest installment in the Fast & Furious franchise, the athletic, petite brunette gained notice with her claims she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez and Dwayne Johnson.	But as the car blog Jalopnik reported Thursday, Lafontaine has been brazenly misrepresenting herself as a member of the film's crew.	Scroll down for video.	Pump the brakes: Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on Furious 7, but this week she was unmasked as a fraud.	Need for speed: The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA Friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set.	At a Furious 7 premiere in Los Angeles last week, Lafontaine posed with a lime-green Challenger used in the movie and was interviewed by a blogger for a segment that was later featured on CNN's iReport.	In the interview, which has since been taken down, the 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress gushed about how thrilling it was for her to join a major franchise like Fast & Furious.	'Being both an actress and stunt driver, there is no better film to be involved in,' she told her interviewer.	When asked what it was like being the only female stunt car driver, Lafontaine addressed some of the challenges of working in a male dominated-industry.	'Female stunt drivers are far and few in between,' she lamented, without missing a beat.	'It's hard to break into the stunt industry, even harder if you are a female.	'But to be the only female stunt driver on a set of this magnitude was absolutely mind blowing!	I feel very honored.	And blessed.'	Ms Lafontaine then talked about the filming process, saying she did most of her driving in the desert and that her record speed on the shoot was 140mph.	Joel Kramer, the supervising stuntman for Furious 7, told Jalopnik that his drivers usually do n't go above 50mph for safety reasons.	Nice try: Lafontaine even Photoshopped herself into a poster of the film, wedging her picture between Michelle Rodriguez and the late Paul Walker.	Cog in a machine: A stunt supervisor on Furious 7 said Lafontaine worked as an extra on the set (pictured) - one among some 1,500 people.	More lies: During an interview with New York Fashion Times, Lafontaine said she became licensed with the International Stunt Association in Europe and later got certified as a stunt driver in California.	When asked about the passing of Fast & Furious franchise stalwart Paul Walker, who was killed in a car crash last year, Lafontaine said that he was sorely missed on the set, where she described the mood as very somber.	'But the job had to be done.	The film had to be complete.	It definitely was not an easy task,' she noted.	Lafontaine then launched into a monologue about how proud she was to be part of the Furious 7 stunt family, how she has never sought public recognition for her'craft,' and how driving was in her blood.	'It's a lifelong passion, and I am just simply grateful I am able to live my passion,' she concluded.	During that interview, Ms Lafontaine causally mentioned that she has been in the stunt industry'for a while' - a statement that would come back to haunt her later on.	The iReport from the Hollywood premiere last Friday raised some eyebrows among stunt drivers, who wasted no time calling Lafontaine out as a con artist.	Backlash: Members of the stunt community quickly called out Lafontaine for her fibs on Twitter and Facebook, insisting that she was a fraud and a liar.	Brazen: Lafontaine, pictured right with director Marc Scarpa, talked about the somber mood on the set after Paul Walker's passing last year.	Eddie Perez, a director and stunt coordinator, tweeted in response to Lafontaine's bold claims:'Social media and self promotion can be deceiving but you will get caught.'	Stuntwoman Heidi Pascoe also did not mince words, calling the wannabe racer a'liar' and a'fraud.'	Tamiko B, another member of the stunt community, was equally harsh in her appraisal of Lafontaine.	All smiles: Lafontaine proudly posed with action star Jason Statham, who starred in Furious 7.	'What a pathetic excuse for a person, you should be banned from the entertainment industry,' she tweeted in reaction to the eviscerating Jalopnik takedown of the bogus Furious 7 crew member.	As the automotive blog reported, Lafontaine's lie-riddled interview on iReport was not a matter of an ambitious performer getting carried away or fudging a few minor details, given that she has made similar claims on other occasions.	During an interview with New York Fashion Times, Lafontaine asserted that after being asked to perform car stunts in a movie she was in, she became licensed with the International Stunt Association in Europe and later got certified as a stunt driver in California.	After offering a jumbled response to a question about car brakes - Lafontaine claimed stunt drivers do n't use brakes but instead'rig' emergency breaks - she mentioned that the latest film she worked on was Furious 7.	Kramer, the stun supervisor on the film, stated that Lafontaine was not employed as a driver.	Her connection to the project did not go beyond her role as an extra in a crowd of 1,500.	He also refuted Lafontaine's assertion that she was the only female driver on set, saying that the production involved at least seven or eight female stunt doubles, including the veteran racer Debbie Evans Leavitt.	But Lafontaine's Flickr account and IMDB page painted a very different picture.	On her photo-sharing page, the fashion designer and actress uploaded a black-and-white Furious 7 poster, with her face crudely Photoshopped between Michelle Rodriguez and the late Paul Walker.	The post was accompanied by the hashtags #stuntdriver #workingactress #workinggirl.	On her IMDB page, Lafontaine, who has about a dozen and half minor movie credits -- including a manicurist in What Just Happened and a hotel guest in Will Smith's Hitch - is listed as an unaccredited'race car driver' in Furious 7.	About-face: In response to the growing outrage sparked by her claims, Lafontaine issued a statement on her Facebook Monday apologizing for a'misunderstanding' Small-time thespian: Lafontaine has about a dozen and half minor movie credits -- including a manicurist in What Just Happened and a hotel guest in Will Smith's Hitch.	She listed Furious 7 as her most recent project on IMDB, describing herself as an unaccredited'race car driver' in the film.	In response to the growing backlash sparked by her Furious 7 premiere interview, Lafontaine issued a muddled statement on her Facebook Monday apologizing for a'misunderstanding.'	'Dear friends and co-workers, please accept my humblest apologies for any confusion and/or misunderstandings with regards to the CNN iReport article "Furious 7 World Premiere with female stunt car driver Sulinh Lafontaine,' she wrote.	'As you are all aware I am new to this industry and I am learning as I go along.	I had no idea that an inconsequential interview of a few questions about my experience working with all of you, would create such a rift between us.	'I assure you, I meant no harm and I hope you will accept my apologies for any inconvenience it may have caused.	I am new to this industry and I hope that in the future you can give me advice on how to better handle this type of situation, if it ever arises again.	'The article has now been taken down.	Thanks for being understanding while I learn the Hollywood ropes.'	Miss Lafontaine has since deleted her Facebook and Twitter accounts.	Daily Mail reached out to the actress for comment but has not received a reply as of 10pm Thursday.
An overweight mother-of-four has become a successful fitness model at the age of 41 after shrinking five dress sizes.	Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike.	She has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day.	Scroll down for video.	Maria with Sean before she lost weight (l) and winning second place in the Miami Pro modelling comp (r).	She discovered she was able to lift weights and complete high-energy sprints on an exercise bike.	She said:'I've had an incredible "mum makeover".	I want other women to realise that you're never too old to completely change your life around - all it takes is some hard work.'	Maria, who is married to Sean Twomey, 49, a dental technician, saw her weight increase while she was raising their children Jake, now 20, Conor, 17, Liam, 14, and Kaine, ten.	She said:'After having children, watching my figure was the very last thing on my mind.	I put all my energy into dashing around after my kids instead.	'Sean and I fell into the habit of treating ourselves with takeaways.	'It was n't that we were dramatically over-eating, but we let ourselves fall into a pattern of inactivity, and eventually I began to notice that my outfits were getting tighter and tighter.'	By the time she reached her 40th birthday in the autumn of 2013, Maria was tipping the scales at 12st 7lb and was wearing size 14 clothes.	She eventually slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lb, and reduced her body fat percentage from 38 per cent to 15 per cent.	Maria before with husband Sean and children (l-r) Jake, now 20, Conor, 17, Liam, 14, and Kaine, 10.	Maria, just before her weight loss, found that fitting seatbelts was getting more and more uncomfortable.	She said:'It was still a massive shock for me - it was the heaviest I'd ever been.	'Fitting seatbelts around me was getting more and more uncomfortable.	Before too long all I could think about what how overweight I was.	'I'd pop down the gym every so often, but I'd never really exerted myself.	I realised that if I was serious about losing weight and getting back in shape, I would need to have someone spurring me on, so I signed up for a series of personal training sessions.	At first, even jogging on the spot left me absolutely breathless.'	As the weeks wore on, Maria found her fitness increasing and although the weight loss was not immediately obvious, she discovered she was able to lift weights and complete high-energy sprints on an exercise bike.	After she discovered personal training her fitness increased, and although the weight loss was not immediate.	Eventually her personal trainer, who had willed her on from the start, said he had bigger plans and suggested she take part in a fitness modelling competition.	She says her transformation has completely changed her life.	She also completely changed her diet in a bid to trim down.	Before her weight loss she typically ate a fried egg on toast for breakfast, followed by cheese and mayonnaise sandwiches for lunch, with a large jacket potato with cheese and beans for her evening meal.	She would snack on Twix bars, crisps and fizzy drinks throughout the day.	Her new diet saw her eat poached eggs for breakfast, lean chicken with sweet potato for lunch, and lean steak with salad for her evening meal.	She snacked on portions of nuts throughout the day, and was careful to drink plenty of water.	She said:'In a year I lost four stone.	I was so proud of myself.	'I'd set out to feel happy in my own body again, and I'd definitely achieved that.	I was content to continue to maintain my slimmer figure, but my personal trainer, who had willed me on from the start, said he had bigger plans and suggested I take part in a fitness modelling competition.'	Competitive fitness modelling challenges participants to tone their bodies and perform in exhibitions where they are judged on their physique and stage presence.	After being encouraged by her family and friends, Maria took part in her first amateur competition, the Miami Pro in St Albans, in October 2014.	The mother-of-four pictured after her weight loss, having fun in the sun with her nephew Alfie.	She said:' I was 41 and stepping on to a stage to pose for the first time in my life in a size six bikini.	'As confidence boosters go, it was hard to beat, and I was amazed when I was announced as the runner-up.'	'Reaching second place qualified me to compete in a professional category.	Athletes train for years to reach that level, so I felt incredibly lucky.'	Maria is will take part in her second competition on Sunday April 19 at the Miami Pro World Championships in St Albans.	She is using the exposure gained from competing to launch a career as a personal trainer.	She said:'My transformation has completely changed my life.	I have hopes for a new career, and my relationship with my family has got even better.	'I'm a calmer, more balanced person.	I feel like I'm a better mum to my kids because I have more confidence and energy.'	I think it's important for people to realise that you can do absolutely anything if you put your mind to it - I'm proof of that.'	Breakfast: Poached eggs.	Lunch: Lean chicken with some sweet potato.	Dinner: Lean steak with salad.	Snacks: Nuts throughout the day, and is careful to drink plenty of water.	Breakfast: Fried egg on toast.	Lunch: Cheese and mayonnaise sandwiches.	Dinner: Jacket potato with cheese and beans.	Snacks: Twix bars, crisps and fizzy drinks throughout the day.	Maria with her trophy having won second place in the Miami Pro modelling competition in St Albans in 2014.
A 78-year-old Connecticut man with a long criminal history was arrested on Friday, but the man's lawyer claimed the arrest was a ruse intended to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in U.S. history.	Robert Gentile appeared in federal court in Hartford,.	Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to.	an undercover agent.	His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended Federal Bureau of.	Investigation agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the.	theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabel Stewart.	Gardner Museum 25 years ago.	Scroll down for video.	Robert Gentile's attorney Ryan McGuigan (pictured), said that though his client was arrested on a gun charge, he believes the arrest was a ruse to pressure Gentile to speak about the $500million art heist from 1990.	A security guard at Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner museum stands outside the room from which most of the paintings were pilfered the day after the massive heist.	This FBI sketch shows a likeness of the two suspects, who were reportedly wearing police uniforms when they performed the theft.	They have have never been caught.	'The FBI has been questioning him for years because they.	think he knows the whereabouts of the Gardner paintings,' McGuigan said.	He added:'But he's being set up, just like others who are.	threatened with long periods of incarceration by the FBI in the.	Gardner case.	'The gun charge is just an excuse to question and.	threaten him further.'	Police previously identified three suspects in the theft: Carmello Merlino, Robert Guarente, and Robert Gentile.	Merlino and Guarente have died.	Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work.	The thieves stole two Rembrandts - The Storm on the Sea of Galilee (left), believed to be the only seascape the master painted, and A Lady and Gentleman in Black.	Jan Vermeer's The Concert (right) was also stolen and is one of approximately 35 known works by the great Dutch painter.	Chez Tortoni, painted by Manet, shows a man wearing a top hat at a jaunty angle ; it was one of the last paintings to be stolen from the museum.	Govaert Flinck's'Landscape with an Obelisk,' painted in 1638, was originally attributed to Rembrandt, but was later found to be the work of his assistant, Flinck.	The FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office in Connecticut declined.	to comment on McGuigan's claim.	The Gardner heist took place on the rainy night of March 18,.	1990, when two men posing as police officers arrived at the.	museum's front door.	The guards on duty let them in and the pair.	allegedly overpowered them, one of whom spoke earlier this year about his guilt of letting the men in.	The next morning the guards were found duct-taped to chairs.	in the basement and 13 artworks including Rembrandt van Rijn's'Storm on.	the Sea of Galilee' and Johannes Vermeer's'The Concert' were missing.	A Degas sketch from 1884 (left) and a self-portrait of Rembrandt (right) were also among the items stolen from the museum.	The empty frames from Rembrandt's'Storm on the Sea of Galilee' and Vermeer's'The Concert' remain on display in the museum as a constant physical reminder of the heist and the missing masterpieces.	Left, a visitor looks at the empty frame from a Rembrandt work, and right, the museum pictured in 1990 following the heist, the empty frame of Rembrandt's oil painting' A Lady and Gentleman in Black' lies on the floor and a space on the wall remains bare where his'The Storm on the Sea of Galilee' once hung.	In total the haul including three Rembrandt works, five sketches by Edgar Degas, an Édouard Manet painting and a painting by Vermeer - one of only 36 in the world.	A bronze eagle statue, a Chinese beaker from 1100 BC and a painting by Govaert Flinck were also taken.	Due to a quirk in the museum founder's will, the empty frames that once held those paintings remain on the walls, an ever-present reminder of one of Boston longest-unsolved crimes.	Aside from two sketches of mustachioed men in police hats - one with glasses and one without - little detail has ever been given as to who the thieves may have been.	The FBI identified three persons of interest in the Gardner case, all with ties to organized crime: Carmello Merlino, Robert Guarente, and Robert Gentile.	In 2012 Robert Gentile's Connecticut home and shed (pictured) was searched by the FBI in connection with the case.	gents used radar, as well as two beagles and a ferret, to dig up parts of Gentile's front lawn in 2012 ; the FBI warrant allowed the use of ground-penetrating radar.	FBI investigators have long said they believed organized.	crime groups were behind the heist.	Gentile in 2012 submitted to a lie detector test that showed.	a high likelihood that he had lied when he investigators asked.	if he had any knowledge of the heist, according to court.	testimony.	A 2012 FBI search of Gentile's home turned up a list of the.	stolen art pieces and their estimated value, as well as police.	uniforms.	Gentile has a criminal record dating back to the 1950s.	Most.	recently he spent two years in prison after being convicted of.	illegally selling prescription drugs to an informant.	The gun charge he currently faces could carry a ten-year prison charge if he is convicted due to his status as a felon.	The FBI search of Gentile's home turned up a list of the stolen art pieces and their estimated value, as well as policeuniforms.	The FBI, pictured here in 2013, has actively offered a $5million reward to anyone who had information that led to the painting's safe return to the museum.
Arrested: Veteran William Snyder, 34, has been charged in connection with the disappearance and death of his wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, 34.	The husband of a Pennsylvania mother of three has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of her body over the weekend.	Army-veteran William Snyder, 34, was charged hours after the body of his wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, 34, was found in a river near to their home on Saturday.	She was last seen alive on Easter Sunday.	Police in Renovo say that Snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $60,000 for his wife's safe return.	Coroner Zachary Hanna said the cause and manner of death are pending results of toxicology tests.	State police have said they expect more charges to be filed after the results are published.	Snyder is currently in the Clinton County Correctional Facility on $500,000 bail and was arrested at a motel in the small town of Horseheads on Friday in New York after presumably fleeing last week.	He was returned across the state border and charged the next day.	A police affidavit seen by PennLive.com claims that Snyder, who uses the name BJ, has admitted removing his wife's body from their home and taking it to the Halls Run river.	Recovered: The body of Shelley Jo Snyder was found in a river near to where she lived with her husband.	Day out: William and Shelley-Jo Snyder with their son on a day out to the Met Life stadium in New Jersey.	He is the alleged to have sent a ransom note to a local restaurant, himself and an email to police demanding money for her safe return.	Snyder first reported his wife missing at 12.01 on the Monday following Easter Sunday sparking a huge search of the local area.	Snyder and her three children said they had last seen Kelly Jo leave the family home at at around 5.45 pm right before they sat down to eat their Easter dinner.	She is supposed to have left the home to pick up sweet potatoes, but police claim she never made it the store.	Police said they spoke to her 14-year-old son and he told them she had taken her wallet, bank card and identification with her.	Family affair: Shelley-Jo was last seen at just before 6.00 pm on Easter Sunday when she told her family she was going to buy some sweet potatoes.	On Wednesday, during the search of the neighborhood, BJ's sister, T.T. Wertz found her sister-in-laws waller near to her house even though the area had been thoroughly searched.	On Tuesday, Snyder spoke to Newswatch 16 before his wife's body was discovered.	'We just hope if she is out there and can see this or someone sees this and has any info to get a hold of us,' said Snyder to the local news station.	In court papers, Snyder has admitted to sending the ransom note to his own address and to a local restaurant and an email to police before he was arrested.	Neighbors of the pair have expressed disbelief at the turn of events.'	I think they are wrong.	I do n't think it was him, so I think they need to do a little more investigating other than pinning on the husband,' said Faith Marr, a neighbor to Newswatch 16.
Jurors hearing the Boston.	Marathon bombing trial are barred from attending this year's.	race, a federal judge told the panel on Tuesday as part of.	instructions ahead of the trial's sentencing phase.	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting.	two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world.	famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264.	others.	The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on.	whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for.	his crimes, starting next Tuesday, the day after the 2015.	marathon takes place.	Scroll down for video.	Judge George O'Toole told jurors in the Boston Marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year's race or related events.	At Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency (MEMA) headquarters in Framingham, Mass., director Kurt Scwartz, at podium, talks with media about public safety planning for the 2015 Boston Marathon.	'Do not attend the Boston Marathon or any related events or.	gatherings,' Judge George O'Toole told jurors in U.S. District.	Court in Boston, describing the sentencing phase as'sensitive.'	The famed race, which draws elite runners from around the.	world, takes place on the Patriots Day holiday in Massachusetts.	- commemorating the first battles of the American Revolution -.	and has taken on special significance for the city's residents.	since the 2013 bomb attack.	It will take place this Monday, April 20.	O'Toole said the sentencing phase of the trial - in which.	witnesses will again be called to the stand - is expected to.	take four weeks, followed by jury deliberations.	'In the next phase of this case you will learn a lot more,' defense lawyer Judy Clarke told jurors during closing statements.	in Tsarnaev's trial.	O'Toole also reminded jurors to avoid all media coverage,.	especially on the second anniversary of the bombings on.	Wednesday.	The prosecution is expected to portray the ethnic Chechen as an Islamic extremist adherent of al Qaeda who planted one of the two homemade pressure cooker bombs at the race's finish line on April 15, 2013, because he'wanted to punish America for what it was doing to his people,' in the words of Assistant U.S. Attorney Aloke Chakravarty.	The defense, meanwhile, is expected to play up the role of his 26-year-old brother, Tamerlan, in carrying out the attack.	In closing arguments last week, defense attorney Judith Clarke contended that Tamerlan was the driving force behind the bombing, with Dzhokhar following along.	Tamerlan died during the brothers' chaotic final day of freedom.	Three days after the bombing, the pair shot dead a police officer and carjacked a Chinese businessman as they attempted to flee the city.	The carjacking victim escaped and alerted police to their plans, setting the stage for a gunfight between the Tsarnaevs and law enforcement that ended when Dzhokhar roared off in the stolen SUV, running over his brother.	In this April 21, 2014 file photo, a Boston Police K-9 officer and his dog patrol with a National Guardsman, rear right, along Commonwealth Avenue near the finish line of the 118th Boston Marathon.	In this April 21, 2014 file photo, a Boston Police officer stands near the finish line as runners approach during the 118th Boston Marathon in Boston.	During the guilt phase of the trial, U.S. District Judge George O'Toole had limited the amount of evidence the defense could present about the relationship between the brothers, who had immigrated to the United States from Russia a decade before the attack.	But the sentencing phase, which the Justice Department announced on Friday would begin on April 21, will provide the defense with an opportunity to focus on that element of the case and possibly to call Tsarnaev to testify.	The death penalty is controversial in Massachusetts, where it is illegal under state law but allowed in federal cases.	The state has not seen an execution since 1947.	The bombing killed restaurant manager Krystle Campbell, 29 ; Chinese exchange student Lingzi Lu, 23 ; and 8-year-old Martin Richard.	Tsarnaev also was found guilty of the fatal shooting of Massachusetts of Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier, 26.
The Florida man who piloted.	a small gyrocopter past Washington, DC, landmarks last.	week said he fully expected to be intercepted.	before landing on the west lawn of the US Capitol.	Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in Washington.	Hughes, a US Postal Service mail carrier,.	described his flight upon arriving home in Ruskin, Florida,.	early on Sunday.	Scroll down for video.	Doug Hughes, 61, spoke from his home in Ruskin, Florida, afre he arrived for house arrest before his court date.	He steered his one-person gyrocopter onto the West Lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday, April 15, 2015.	Doug Hughes putting address labels on half of the 535 letters to Congress he tried delivering earlier this month.	Hughes told.	reporters outside his home:' I had expected to be intercepted on the way.'	He recalled it being colder than he had expected flying from.	Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to DC, where the sight of the.	Washington Monument helped guide him to the Capitol grounds.	Some of the people below waved to Hughes, who intended the flight as a protest to highlight the need for campaign-finance reform, as he flew over the National Mall.	He said:'People were not frightened at all.	'That part of it was surreal.'	Hughes hoped to raise awareness about the influence of big money in politics by deliberately breaking the law to deliver 535 letters, one for each member of Congress.	Instead, the overwhelming focus of news coverage has been about the gaps he exposed in national security.	He told The Associated Press:'We've got bigger problems in this country than worrying about whether the security around DC is ironclad.	'We need to be worried about the piles of money that are going into Congress.	'The message was two pages long to Congress that they are going to have to face the issue, OK, of campaign-finance reform and honesty and government so that they work for the people.	Hughes flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters and landed on the west lawn of the Capitol.	His Russian-born wife, Alena Hughes, said she was'proud' that her husband acted out of patriotism for the US.	Hughes spent a night in jail after Capitol Police arrested him.	The ultralight aircraft and its cargo - a US Postal Service bin carrying the letters - were seized.	His Russian-born wife, Alena, told the AP that her husband acted out of patriotism for the United States.	She said:' I am very proud of my husband.	He is a countryman.'	Hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace.	He will remain home until he is back in Washington for a preliminary hearing in May.	Asked if he too thinks he's a patriot or simply crazy, Hughes said'everyone gets to make up their own mind about me, that's what I'd say.'	A reporter asked:'But do you consider yourself a patriot?'	'No, I'm a mailman,' he said.	Hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of.	unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating.	national defense airspace.	He was allowed to return to Florida, but ordered to remain.	at home in detention until he is due back in Washington for a.	preliminary hearing on May 8.
After decades of snapping at the heels of rival Marks & Spencer, Next has overtaken the company on profits.	And now the High Street giant appears to have come up with a foolproof plan for staying in the lead when it comes to womenswear.	Britain's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels.	So if you love the Mulberry Bayswater tote, but wince at the eye-watering price tag, you can pick up a looky-likey from Next.	Or if you fancy yourself in a Victoria Beckham-style armband shift dress, but would n't remortgage your home to pay for it, the Next version could be just the ticket.	Scroll down for video.	VICTORIA BECKHAM had a hit with this armband shift dress (victoria beckham.com).	Next's compact cut-out shoulder dress is a fraction of the price.	And it's not just designer clothes that the company is expert at emulating.	It also does its own versions of high-end homeware that wo n't break the bank.	Karen Kay, fashion and retail commentator, says one of Next's greatest strengths is identifying catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market: mothers aged 30 and over and women starting out in their careers.'	A perfect example is the Next tan washed saddle bag, which is very like the Chloe satchel,' says Karen.	'It's a classic shape that's also fashionable, a good combination for Next customers looking for grown up-style.	'What they do n't do, unlike shops appealing to younger women, such as Zara and Topshop, is copy one-season wonders.	'Next customers are not looking for high fashion, but clothes to wear to an interview or at the office, and they have a much better line in these, including their designer copies, than Marks & Spencer.'	THE Lot78 jacket (net-a-porter.	com) is lamb's leather, while Next's cropped PU biker is made from viscose, polyester and cotton, hence the # 700 price difference.	A MULBERRY Bayswater tote (selfridges.com) is made from top quality leather, but at a saving of # 900, Next's polyurethane bag is a dead ringer.	It takes three to four months for designs on the catwalk to appear, in some shape or form, in Next.	Zara and Topshop - whose younger customers are eager to get their hands on high fashion - have an even quicker turnaround of three to four weeks.	Designer copycats have become a huge retail strategy in recent years, because while what appeared on the catwalk used to be kept under wraps until it arrived in the shops, now the runway attracts wide coverage, including online, and people expect to see versions on the High Street.	And these great lines in designer lookalikes go some way towards explaining how Next reported a rise in annual profits of 12 per cent, to # 695 million, last year and a further 12.5 per cent over the past 12 months, with profits totalling # 782 million.	The company is worth # 11 billion, making it second only to Tesco in the retail sector.	That's impressive in a market that includes'pile -'em - high, sell -'em - cheap' stores such as Primark and H&M.	But, says Karen Kay, older shoppers will pay more for the better-quality stitching, buttons and linings at Next.	As well as 500 stores in Britain and Ireland, and 200 overseas, a substantial proportion of Next's turnover comes from online and catalogue sales.	CHLOE'S medium Marcie satchel (harrods.co.uk) may have inspired Next's much cheaper washed saddle bag.	Besides its designer copies, shopping online at Next provides almost instant gratification, as items ordered before 11pm are guaranteed for delivery the next day.	Combined with an easy returns service - items can be collected from your home by a courier - this means that if you fancy yourself in a Stella McCartney-style lace dress, but fear it may not flatter your thighs, you can try one on at home with minimal hassle, then get the chain to take it back if you're not satisfied.	Last year, Next began selling designer labels, including DKNY and Dolce & Gabbana, alongside its own brands, online and in the Next Directory.	And this innovation, says Karen, may have fuelled the company's appetite for designer copies even further.	'Customers no doubt drool over a Joseph dress or Karl Lagerfeld blouse in the designer section, then spot something with the same sort of detail for a third of the price by Next's own label and decide to give that a go,' says Karen.	'The only note of caution I would sound is that Next fabrics can be disappointing, as they use a lot of synthetics such as viscose and polyester - though this, of course, keeps the costs down.'	GIANVITO ROSSI double-band crocodile mules (harrods.com).	The shoes above cost more than 50 times Next's shiny golden versions, seen here.	THE Bloomingville copper pendant light at Next (r) is less than half the price of the Original BTC copper-plated hand-spun Stanley pendant light from Liberty (liberty.com).	NEXT'S Noir luxury fragranced candle (r) is a fifth of the price of Jo Malone's oud & bergamot home candle (jomalone.co.uk).
A cocky teenager wanted for alleged fraud and theft taunted police on their Facebook page for failing to catch him - and got arrested hours later.	18-year-old Ryan Heritage from Wiltshire posted a obnoxious message on Trowbridge police's page, saying:'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!'	He went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him.	The Trowbridge Neighbourhood Policing Team then re-posted his original message and added their own:'His luck ran out #arrested.'	Arrogant: 18-year-old Ryan Heritage posted a cocky message on his local police's Facebook page where he taunted them for failing to catch him.	Jokes on you: He was arrested in Trowbridge, Wiltshire just hours after posting the message which read'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck' Heritage was thrown in the cells for the night and put before magistrates the following morning where he was charged with theft and burglary - and failing to answer bail on fraud charges.	The police posted on Facebook:' A local male wanted on suspicion of theft, and also wanted on warrant for failing to appear in court has been spotted in town.	Following a short foot chase he has been arrested.	'Ryan has been charged with theft, and is going to court in connection with the warrant issued for failing to appear in respect of fraud charges.'	Wiltshire police then said:'There was a warrant out for his arrest because he had failed to appear in court and obviously he thought he was going to be able to escape us so he posted that message.	'When he was arrested in Trowbridge he was found to be in possession of a small amount of cannabis.	He was given a caution for that and charged with a number of other offences.'	Magistrates bailed Heritage to report to Melksham police on June 4 - and before Justice of the Peace Court in Swindon on May 20 on another theft charge.	Caught: Heritage was thrown in the cells for the night and put before magistrates the following morning where he was charged with theft and burglary.	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing Tory economic plans -- including a prominent former Labour supporter.	By last night, a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a'change in course'.	Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo!	Sushi and a former Labour backer.	Dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing Tory economic plans -- including prominent former Labour supporter Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo!	Sushi.	Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the FTSE-250 index.	Adding their names were Philip Aiken, the chairman of construction giant Balfour Beatty, Dr Tom Enders, boss of Airbus, and Simon Litherland, head of drinks group Britvic.	All have signed in a personal capacity.	The announcement of the new names will heap pressure on Labour, which has struggled to come forward with notable numbers of business supporters.	Once a former prominent Labour supporter, Mr Woodroffe appears to have turned his back on the party despite appearing in a 2004 political broadcast.	Earlier this year, he warned that Labour's approach to business'scares' him.	He told BBC Newsnight:'What I worry about with Ed Miliband is that he is appealing to the popular by saying, "look at all these fat cats" making lots of money it should be for the workers.'	'Actually, I think the fat cats generally, sometimes it annoys me, but they pay their taxes, you know.'	By last night, a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a'change in course' The letter backs the lowering of corporation tax by David Cameron and George Osborne as it shows the UK is'open for business' The letter states that the signatories believe the Conservative-led government'has been good for business and pursued policies which have supported investment and job creation'.	They praise the cuts in corporation tax to 20 per cent, which they say is a'key part' of the Tory economic plan.	They add:'We believe a change in course will threaten jobs and deter investment.	This would send a negative message about Britain and put the recovery at risk.'	When the letter was first published in a newspaper last week it sent shockwaves through the election campaign.	Labour attempted to respond by positioning itself as the party of workers.	It announced plans to ban 90 per cent of zero hours contracts and make it easier for staff to sue their bosses for wrongful dismissal.	A poll of FTSE-100 chairman at the weekend showed seven out of ten think Mr Miliband would be a'catastrophe' for Britain.	The anonymous poll, published by the Sunday Times, showed widespread concern by businesses about Labour's economic plans.
The ornate Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque is so spectacular that more than 400,000 devout worshippers make the pilgrimage to Abu Dhabi to pray during the annual Eid celebrations.	And British photographer Julian John is equally as captivated by the incredible interiors of the biggest mosque in the Middle East.	Now living abroad, John visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of what he believes to be'the jewel in the United Arab Emirates' crown.'	Scroll down for video.	The breathtaking Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East.	British amateur photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors.	Teaching assistant Julian, originally from Brighton, Sussex, but living in the UAE capital for the last four years, is planning an exhibition of his epic photos.	Julian said:'For me, it is the Jewel in the United Arab Emirates' crown.	'It has been described as a masterpiece of Islamic architecture and is truly a modern wonder of the world.	'It is beautiful and serene and the attention to detail is breathtaking with craftsmen from all around the world instrumental in making it so spectacular.'	Calling the Grand Mosque the'jewel in the United Arab Emirates' crown,' John has been snapping photos of it for four years.	While the interiors are beautiful, the courtyard is a sight to be seen in and of itself, featuring the world's largest marble mosaic.	As well as the stunning courtyard, which features the largest marble mosaic in the world at 180,000 square feet, Julian has also snapped the impressive exterior.	The four 350-ft tall minarets, which can be seen across the Abu Dhabi skyline, are lit up in dramatic style against the cloudy skies in one of the photographer's incredible shots.	Julian, who uses a Nikon D800 camera with Nikon 24-70mm and the Tamron 70-200mm lenses, was inspired to take up his hobby four years ago when he first moved to the Middle East.	He has since set up a photography class at the international school where he works.	The mosque's four 350-ft tall minarets, another of John's favourite features, look incredible lit up along the Abu Dhabi skyline.	'There are so many photographic opportunities that you're almost spoiled for choice,' the amateur photographer and teacher explains.	The gorgeous structure took almost 10 years to build - and more than 30,000 workers - and was only completed in 2007.	Julian said:'There are so many aspects to the Grand Mosque from stunning interiors to domes and minarets and fountains to the beautiful pillars with inlaid flowers.	'There are so many photographic opportunities that you are almost spoiled for choice.	'As long as I live in Abu Dhabi, I will always visit the Grand Mosque and continue to photograph it.'	The towering structure took almost 10 years to build with more than 30,000 workers starting work on the site in 1996.	It was not completed until seven years after the millennium in 2007.
From the dry, relentless heat of Alice Springs to the icy cold hills of Canberra, a university student will push his body to the limit, running a marathon in each of Australia's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late, treasured childhood friend.	Although he had never run a marathon before, Callum Ryan, 21, committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between January and September 2015 - covering a total distance of 337.5 kilometres.	His'Eight Great States' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, Malachy Frawley who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old.	Callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around Australia, raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects.	Callum posing like international running champion Usain Bolt at the finish line after the Canberra Times Marathon on April 12, with his little sister Josie and brother Henrik.	Callum Ryan poses with his treasured friend Malachy Frawley, who sadly passed away when he was 14.	Malachy Frawley brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life, showing great courage through his lifelong battle with the severe heart condition Hypoplastic Right Heart Syndrome.	The University of Sydney student has committed himself to the incredible endeavour in memory of a Malachy, who brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life, showing great courage through his lifelong battle with the severe heart condition Hypoplastic Right Heart Syndrome.	Callum is inspired by the incredible strength and resilience Malachy displayed as he faced the challenges of a Congenital Heart Disease, which severely affected his mobility.	Since January, Callum has already faced his first three marathons: kicking it all off with a 22 degree race in Hobart, sweating through the 28 degree heat in the Victoria town of Wangaratta and freezing through an icy seven degree start in Canberra.	With each race, Callum has improved on his previous time by at least ten minutes.	This comes despite his muscle fatigue with the quick turnaround as he pushes his body to recover and do it all again!	The worst is yet to come, as Callum is scheduled to run a marathon in Darwin and then summon the strength to run another in Perth just 14 days later - and another 21 days after that in Sydney.	Despite Malachy being five years Callum's junior, they forged a truly special friendship.	'Finished first!	(out of all the people running to raise money for HeartKids obviously)' Callum joked after he finishing the Wangaratta marathon in sweltering, 35 degree heat.	Eight Great States: One man, eight marathons, eight states and territories, nine months, 337.56 kilometres.	Every step of the way, the memory of Malachy is never far from Callum's mind -- helping him to find the mental strength to make it to the finish line.	'At times during the race I thought "it'd be easier to stop now, no one would think any worse of you because a marathon is a tough thing to try",' Callum said.	'But I set out to do this.	As I run, I sometimes think of Malachy and the thousands and thousands of other kids in that situation.'	'While I was running I thought about kids with Congenital Heart Disease and their families.'	Callum is conscious of how lucky he is to be healthy and able to complete a marathon.	Every step of the way, the memory of Malachy is never far from Callum's mind -- helping him to find the mental strength to make it to the finish line.	Malachy was the beloved younger brother of Niamh, Imogen and Seamus, growing up in NSW's Nowra.	HeartKids made incredible changes to Malachy's life (pictured with his father Dom and mother Maggie).	They supplied him with a segway so he could be more mobile and have his own independence.	Hobart was the perfect location for Callum to embark on his first ever marathon - an ideal 22 degrees.	'Children with CHD struggle to walk around in their day to day lives because their bodies are n't equipped.	'I had to stick to my challenge because they find that strength every day.'	'I disappeared into those types of thoughts and the kilometres fell away.'	'With the personal connection none of it feels like a chore or a risk.'	He hopes to make people aware of the plight of children with heart disease and the need to support the children and their families.	Every day in Australia, eight babies are born with a heart defect.	Every week, four precious lives are lost and vital research needs to take place to work out of how to save them.	"I first came across HeartKids through Malachy.	I'd raised money for them before but I wanted to do something significant for Heartkids.'	Every day in Australia, eight babies are born with a heart defect.	Every week, four precious lives are lost and vital research needs to take place to work out of how to save them.	When Malachy (left) was in kindergarten the pair were excited to discover Callum (right) had also been allocated as Malachy's Year Six buddy -- a mentor and friendly face across the playground.	Callum grew up in Nowra in New South Wales' South Coast, where he formed a close bond with Malachy Frawley (second from left, with his siblings), a family friend five years his junior.	'The most frightening thing about CHD is that there is no cure at the moment.	If you're born with it, then it's with you for life.	Lives are sadly cut short by it.'	Callum grew up in Nowra in New South Wales' South Coast, where he formed a close bond with Malachy Frawley, a family friend five years his junior.	When Malachy was in kindergarten the pair were excited to discover Callum had also been allocated as Malachy's Year Six buddy -- a mentor and friendly face across the playground.	Despite Malachy being five years his junior, they forged a truly special friendship.	'They had a very lovely friendship.	They had the chance to get to know each other despite being five years apart,' explained Malachy's father, Dr Dom Frawley.	'Lucky enough for Callum and Malachy they were paired up and their personalities really gelled.	Although he had never run a marathon before, Callum Ryan, 21, committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between January and September 2015.	Since January, Callum has already faced his first three marathons: including sweating through the 28 degree heat in the Victoria town of Wangaratta (r) and freezing through a seven degree start in Canberra (l).	'Malachy looked up to Callum a lot as a mentor and Callum took that role seriously and invested a lot of time in Malachy.	'They got the chance to discover they had a lot in common in the way they saw and thought about things, particularly in the way they were so creative.'	In his fourteen short years, Malachy left his mark on the world -- creating, daydreaming and making people smile.	Malachy has been remembered as'an author, film director, comedian, drummer, raconteur and HeartKids.'	He was adored for his'wit and loving nature.'	Malachy was affected by one of the most serious heart conditions, which greatly affected his mobility.	Although Callum will be travelling to many marathons alone during his Eight States campaign, he travelled via Camry with his great mate Nick Peters to his third marathon in the ACT.	Dom and his family have been greatly touched by Callum's (third from left) commitment to making a change in the life of other children.	He had needed to rely on others to drive or piggyback up from place to place, until HeartKids gifted him with a Segway.	'The Segway completely transformed his life,' said his father Dom.	'He could suddenly get places without having to rely on people to carry him, which was quite a dramatic change from what he'd always been able to do.'	Their boy with a quick wit and limitless imagination now had the freedom of movement and increased independence, able to travel around his neighbourhood and to and from school.	'I left the training a bit late before my first marathon, frankly.	I felt really nervous before my first marathon, thinking "have I done enough?	'''.	Dom and his family have been greatly touched by Callum's commitment to making a change in the life of other children.	'We're very gratified and we're touched by it.	Hopefully it will help a lot of people with the sickness to raise funds and awareness.	'It's great for him to have that awareness.	Callum cares a lot about people.'	You can donate to Callum's Eight Great States campaign to help HeartKids here.	Callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around Australia, raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects.
Fifteen years ago, Jennifer Lopez' shimmering, navel-baring Versace gown captivated the world.	Fifteen years ago, Jennifer Lopez' shimmering, navel-baring Versace gown captivated the world.	So much so that, long before Kim Kardashian was breaking the internet, J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze.	It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt, who has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.	'When Google was launched, people were amazed that they were able to find out about almost anything by typing just a few words into a computer,' he told project-syndicate.	com.	Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin -- like all other successful inventors -- kept iterating, said Schmidt.	They started with images, because people wanted more than just text.	'This first became apparent after the 2000 Grammy Awards, where Jennifer Lopez wore a green dress that, well, caught the world's attention,' added Schmidt.	'At the time, it was the most popular search query we had ever seen.	'But we had no surefire way of getting users exactly what they wanted: J Lo wearing that dress.	Google Image Search was born.'	Before Google Image Search, web surfers could only search through a page of text divided by 10 blue links.	This meant they first had to click on these links before finding out if J Lo's dress was featured.	When Google Images was launched in July 2001, the site offered access to 250 million images.	Just ten year later, that figure reached more than 10 billion.	The dress is one of the few articles of specific clothing to be honoured its own Wikipedia page.	After hearing the news, the 45-year-old singer shared an old picture of her in that dress on Instagram.	She added:'WHO KNEW!!	#onepersoncanchangetheworld #onedresscanchangetheworld #jlo + versace = history #positivechange #funfacts LOL' The dress caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt (pictured), who recently revealed that it was his inspiration for creating Google Images.	Google has big plans for its image search.	A team of Google researchers recently developed an advanced image classification and detection algorithm called GoogLeNet, which is twice as effective than previous programs.	It is so accurate it can locate and distinguish between a range of object sizes within a single image, and it can also determine an object within, or on top of, an object, within the photo.	The software recently placed first in the ImageNet large-scale visual recognition challenge (ILSVRC).	Google has made the software open to other developers, to help increase its accuracy, and in the future, the technology could be used to improve Google Image searches.	It could also scour YouTube videos for specific objects or shapes.	He may have helped to build the internet, but Dr Vinton'Vint' Cerf has urged computer users to print out their most treasured photographs, or risk losing them.	The Google vice president warned that as operating systems and software become more sophisticated, documents and images stored using older technology will become increasingly inaccessible.	He went on to say that our dependence on technology could lead to the 21st century being a new dark age in history, with any evidence of our culture lost in a digital'black hole'.	In centuries to come, future historians looking back on the current era could be confronted by a digital desert comparable with the dark ages - the post-Roman period in Western Europe about which relatively little is known because of the scarcity of written records.	Dr Cerf, who also has the title of Chief Internet Evangelist at Google, said:'If we're thinking 1,000 years, 3,000 years ahead in the future, we have to ask ourselves, how do we preserve all the bits that we need in order to correctly interpret the digital objects we create?	'We are nonchalantly throwing all of our data into what could become an information black hole without realising it.'
The oldest human footprints left behind on a muddy lakeside 1.5 million years ago appear to have been made by prehistoric hunting parties.	Researchers examining the site where a series of tracks left by a barefooted early human in Ileret, northwest Kenya, have now found a total of 99 prints.	They now believe that they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time - perhaps even stalking some of the other animals whose prints are also preserved in the mud.	The distinct tracks found at Ileret in Kenya (like the one above) are the oldest human footprints in the world.	It provides some of the strongest evidence yet that the human ancestors that left the prints - Homo erectus - were sophisticated hunters.	While their ancestors before them may have eaten meat they scavenged or from small prey they were able to catch, hunting parties suggests Homo erectus went after larger prey.	Early human ancestors may have evolved to throw spears allowing them to hunt around two million years ago, a new study has suggested.	Research by Dr Neil Roach has shown that the that the skeletons of Homo erectus had shoulders and collar bones that would have allowed them to hurl sticks accurately and powerfully.	This would have enabled Homo erectus to become a proficient hunter, able to throw weapons like spears and rocks at potential prey.	Dr Neil Roach, a palaeoanthropologist at the American Museum of Natural History in New York who led the study, said the prints appeared to have been made by adult males.	He said that the tracks represent groups hunting for antelope or wildebeest.	Speaking to Nature, Dr Roach said:'What we can say is that we have a number of individuals, probably males, that are moving across a lake shore in a way that is consistent with how carnivores move.	The researchers, who presented their findings at the annual meeting of the Paleoanthropology Society in San Francisco, hope to test their conclusions by studying the movement patterns of modern day subsistence hunters in Africa.	The tracks in Ileret were first revealed in 2009 after researchers at Bournemouth University and Rutgers' Koobi Fora Field School in Kenya, announced they had discovered a collection of 22 human prints.	This deep print appears to have been left by a male Homo erectus that may have been part of a hunting party.	Analysis of the print tracks (above) showed they had been made by a early human that walked much like we do.	The prints were preserved in sediment that had once been the shoreline of an ancient lake.	Alongside the human prints were those of birds including storks, pelicans as well as crocodiles, antelope, hippos, bovids and other predators.	Professor Matthew Bennett, who was part of the team that originally studied the footprints, is shown above crouching in front of the ancient human tracks.	Analysis of the footprints by Professor Matthew Bennett at Bournemouth University revealed the human prints had been made by a species with a similar bipedal stance and gait to modern humans, with a pronounced arch and short toes.	He concluded that the prints had probably been left by Homo erectus - an extinct species of early human that disappeared around 200,000 years ago.	They were among the longest surviving of all the human species - surviving for around 1.5 million years.	There is some evidence that they may have also been able to control fire and cooked food.	Footprints this old are extremely rare as they tend to erode away in a few thousand years, but are also valuable as they can give clues about behaviour.	Dr Roach and his colleagues decided to study the prints in more detail in order to get a snapshot of the life led by Homo erectus.	Over a four year excavation period a total of 483 prints in the Ileret sediment have now been uncovered - 99 of which were human.	Unlike the grass-eating antelope and other hooved tracks preserved in the stone - whose tracks led from grasslands to the shore - the human prints all walked in one direction along the shoreline.	This matched the behaviour of other hunting animals whose prints were also preserved.	Previous work by Dr Roach has also shown that Homo erectus had developed the physic needed to be a deadly hunter.	Homo erectus, shown in the reconstruction above, may have hunted large prey in groups or hunting parties.	Fossilised skeletons how their shoulders and collar bones would have allowed them to throw sticks or spears both accurately and powerfully.	Dr Roach said:'There's starting to be a consensus that around 2 million years ago we see more carnivory that has to do with hunting.'	Curtis Marean, a palaeoanthropologist at Arizona State University in Tempe, said it was hard to tell from the prints exactly what had made them.	He told Nature:'It could be a group hunt, but it could also be lake shore foraging.'	Tucking into meat for dinner helped early humans spread more quickly across the world and had a profound effect on human evolution, scientists say.	The high-quality diet allowed mothers to wean babies earlier and have more children, meaning that human communities grew faster, according to researchers from Lund University in Sweden.	The research compared 67 species of mammals, including humans, apes, mice and killer whales, and found a clear correlation between eating meat and earlier weaning.	They found young of all species stop suckling when their brains have developed to a particular stage, but that carnivores reached this point more quickly than herbivores or omnivores.	Eating meat enabled the breast-feeding periods and thereby the time between births to be shortened, according tot he researchers.	Among natural fertility societies, the average duration of breast-feeding is 2 years and 4 months.	This is not much in relation to the maximum lifespan of our species, around 120 years.	It is even less if compared to our closest relatives: female chimpanzees suckle their young for 4 to 5 years, whereas the maximum lifespan for chimpanzees is only 60 years.
Perched on the rooftops of tall buildings in cities across the world, a French photographer has captured the essence of what people do when they're alone, in places where they're surrounded by millions of other people.	In her photography project, Inside Views, Floriane de Lassee spots movement in the standstill of the night - she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping.	'No matter whether it's Paris or Istanbul.	I do not photograph cities, but an imaginary City that inhabits each megalopolis.	It is the product of the Man's excesses, his genius, his madness.	The City exceeds the overflow.	She is about to devour us,' de Lassee says about her project.	Scroll down for video.	From one window into another, French photographer Floriane de Lassee captures a photograph of a man practicing his piano in his London flat.	A woman looks on at the vast skyline ahead of her as she stands on a balcony.	With a light illuminating her from the front, she appears to radiate in the darkness of the run-down building beside her.	In some of her photos, including this one, de Lassee gets close enough to her subjects that she can capture their facial expressions as well as the vast metropolises behind them.	In was appears to be an empty building in Tokyo, a person gazes out the window into the night.	There is n't a person or car in sight in the illuminated city.	In this photo, taken in an unknown city, de Lassee snaps a photo of a person looking to the skyline as she appears to be on the same roof.	De Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years, and she had a book published filled with pictures of the cities that never sleep in 2008.	The French photographer found her inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in New York, according to Les Photographes.	Her East Village apartment faced a police station's'recreation room', where officers, still in uniform, would play table tennis.	She found the angle at which she could watch them to be one that should be photographed.	'I'm just trying to move me, to move others, to bring them further in their dreams or in the perception of the world around them.	The city that I show is both terrifying and touching.	It is this balance that interests me,' she told Les Photographes.	A woman in Shanghai stands on her lighted balcony and stares at the massive buildings across the water.	Shanghai has a population of more than 14million people.	A person looks down from their balcony in what appears to be a private moment, but look above two floors and a neighbor close by still has his or her lights on, too.	Two people have a conversation in a room high above the motorway, which is till filled with cars flowing in all directions driving through the darkness.	Lights show that this building is home to many different things.	The top floor appears to be filled with woman practicing their pole dancing techniques, while floors below show a boardroom and what looks like a high-top table.	A woman in an unknown city looks out her floor-to-ceiling window into the city and trees below her high-rise apartment building.	Her images show the moment vast cityscapes collide with sole protagonists, resting on balconies, doing work in offices and gazing out windows into the distance.	Some pictures show truly how small one person can be compared to the sweeping cities surrounding him or her.	De Lassee's goal, however, is not to capture a particular city.	She instead tries to find the common traits and emotions that the cities' inhabitants share, according to Vanilla Magazine.	The scenes in which her metropolis photos are set are found across the world, including Las Vegas, New York, Moscow, Paris, Istanbul, Shanghai and Tokyo.	A woman in Istanbul lies down on her small bed in her flat that sits just in front of the massive and beautiful St. Sophia Mosque.	De Lassee's photos can open small windows into people's lives.	Her artwork can make a viewer wonder why this man is still up while others are sleeping and why he has such a variety of objects filling his living space.	All of the lights are still on in this top-floor apartment.	A person sits in front of a bookshelf in the fourth window from the right, while it appears as though no one else is home.	Though the front door is wide open, a person takes a rest on the bed in this undisclosed city with no fears of intruders from below reaching the flat.	A woman sits on her couch with her floor-to-ceiling windows wide open on what appears to be a warm Paris night on rue Lamarck.
Robert De Niro has said Hillary Clinton should be president, insisting she has'earned the right' to be elected.	The Hollywood legend, 71, who has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party, said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be'no surprises'.	In an interview with the Daily Beast, the Goodfellas star said she had paid her dues, adding:'It's that simple.	And she's a woman, which is very important because her take on things may be what we need right now.'	Robert De Niro, 71, (pictured with Hillary Clinton at a New York benefit in 2013), said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be'no surprises' He was joined by American producer and Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Jane Rosenthal.	She also gave her backing to the ex-First Lady, saying:'She's smart, has run things before, and knows how government works and how to get things done.	'She's watched it from the sidelines, and the frontlines.'	De Niro joined Clinton last December was they were both honored at the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice & Human Rights annual gala.	His political punditry however is not something new.	In 2006, while promoting The Good Shepherd, he appeared on Hardball opposite Matt Damon at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia.	Host Chris Matthews asked De Niro who he would like to be president in the future.	The veteran actor replied:'Well, I think of two people: Hillary Clinton and Obama.'	While continuing to build his stellar film career, he has also become a donor for the Democratic party.	The Goodfellas star says Cliton has'paid her dues' and insisted the Democrat has'earned the right to be head of this country' In 2012, he hosted a $25,000-a-head dinner at the White House with Michelle Obama to raise funds for Barack Obama's re-election effort.	However he caused controversy when he said it was'too soon' for a white First Lady.	Speaking at a dinner in the Greenwich Hotel, which he owns, De Niro said:'Callista Gingrich.	Karen Santorum.	Ann Romney.	Now do you really think our country is ready for a white first lady?'	A guest at the event, which was held in the hotel's Locanda Verde restaurant, yelled,'No!'	, to which De Niro added:'Too soon, right?'	Michelle Obama said the remarks were inappropriate.
She may be a blue blood, but Princess Eugenie was barely recognisable as she strutted through the streets of New York in the ultimate hipster ensemble on Wednesday.	The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry embraced the sports luxe trend as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend.	The British royal, who is currently working in New York, looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie, which she pulled over her short, dark tresses.	Scroll down for video.	Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend.	She showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress, which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots.	Shielding her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and toting a brown quilted studded leather bag by Rebecca Minkoff, Princess Eugenie laughed and joked with her female friend.	At the end of last month, the young royal, who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the UK, celebrated her 25th birthday.	In the middle of a Palace function, her father, Prince Andrew, whipped out his iPad and used it to video call his daughter, who currently lives in Manhattan.	The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry laughed and joked as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend.	The young royal protected her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and carried a brown quilted studded leather bag by Rebecca Minkoff.	Zara Contrast Leather Collar Biker Coat.	Now sold out - click to shop a similar style.	Visit site.	A princess she may be, but that does n't stop Eugenie shopping on the high-street.	Here, she's rocking Zara's contrast leather collar biker coat, which was a hit item a few seasons ago, popping up on fashion blogs everywhere.	We love the cool leather collar that gives the coat an edgy streak and adds a bit of pizazz to the otherwise classic design.	In fact, we have to say that Eugenie is looking fairly edgy herself with those nineties-inspired round frames, studded bag and on-trend over-the-knee boots.	A royally good outfit... every pun intended.	Although Eugenie's exact Zara coat has now sold out, click right to discover their current offering which is fit for a modern day princess, or, you know, just anyone really.	Alternatively, get shopping our edit below.	Saks Fifth Avenue has a dead ringer to Eugenie's Zara style featuring a similar biker design and leather collar!	Missguided Detachable Fur Collar Long Line Biker Jacket (now $60).	Visit site.	Calvin Klein Jeans Faux Leather Shearling Biker Coat at 6pm (now $139.99).	Visit site.	Boohoo Aimee Coat.	Visit site.	Saks Fifth Avenue RED Faux Leather Biker Coat at Saks Off Fifth (now $93.60).	Visit site.	If that was n't enough, the prince got his 400-strong audience in the State Apartments at St James's Palace to sing a cheery rendition of Happy Birthday, accompanied by a trumpeter from the Scots Guards.	The royal, who was hosting the Pitch@Palace event for entrepreneurs, introduced the stunned audience to the singalong at St James's Palace, saying:'We are going to do something new this evening.	'The lady in the middle is my youngest daughter and it's her 25th birthday today.'	Eugenie has been in New York for the past year, working for an online auction house.	Laughing Eugenie, wearing a pair of novelty birthday candle glasses to mark the occasion, and accompanied by her sister, Princess Beatrice, and mother, Sarah, Duchess of York, smiled and waved.	Andrew told her:'You will notice that we have somebody here to play (gesturing to the trumpeter).'	He then turned to the lance corporal and added:'If you will lead us in Happy Birthday please...' There were cheers from the crowd as the song came to an end, while plenty of others waved and tried to capture the moment on their camera phones.	Eugenie looked delighted and said she was'very proud, Pops' of her father's role in the awards, which celebrate innovation and technology in the creative industries.	The royal cousin of Princes William and Harry was on trend in her black over-the-knee boots.	But the singalong did not impress his ex-wife, who joked - in the style of a Eurovision announcement - that the rendition scored'zero points'.	Sarah added:'We think you all need to go for choir practice.'	Andrew, however, was content with the gesture.	'Having been told this was a bad idea, it worked,' he said.	The Prince, who used a Pitch@Palace event last year to send the first royal selfie, joked: `' What was it somebody said about children and dogs?'	The social media-savy Royal is also the only senior working royal to have his own personal Twitter account.	Eugenie has been in New York for the past year, working for an online auction house.	The Duke of York holds an iPad as he invites the audience at the Pitch@Palace event to sing happy birthday via FaceTime to his daughter Princess Eugenie.	Princess Eugenie of York, pictured with her sister Beatrice at attend The Serpentine Gallery Summer Party last summer, proves she can cut a glamorous figure.
A dozen or more metal implements are arranged in neat rows on the table next to the bed.	They look like something Frankenstein might have had applied to his monster's neck.	I begin to feel nervous.	What on earth have I got myself into?	The pristine white room adds to the feeling that I'm about to undergo major surgery.	But I'm not.	I'm here to try the wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene: the tuning fork facial.	Offered at the upmarket Hale Clinic in London and other clinics nationwide, the scary sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate.	Tuned in: Marianne is given the tuning fork treatment.	When they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck, the jowls, forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen.	The results mean that your face looks younger, brighter and more toned.	Some say it's the non-jab equivalent of Botox.	The treatment comes from the U.S. - where else?	Advocates claim the'sound waves of the forks vibrate and travel deeply into the body along energy pathways, affecting human physiology and reaching places not easily accessed'.	So far, so New Age gibberish.	There seems to be no scientific proof that tuning forks can make you look younger, prettier or more rested.	It sounds nutty - the kind of thing practised by people who like panpipes and hemp seeds.	The UK beauty industry employs more a million people and is worth # 17 bn.	I prefer my facials to involve peels, not strange pieces of metal.	But while I may be sceptical, I am also, at 37, willing to try anything.	Over the past few years, frown lines have begun to appear on my forehead, and my face appears increasingly pale, puffy and bloated.	I explain all this to therapist Samara Reid, who's sympathetic.	'What's wonderful about these facials is they improve the appearance of the skin, but also treat the cause of the problem,' she says.	'If you're pale, you probably have poor circulation.	The forks can boost blood flow, which will give you a healthier colour.'	Samara has been a facial acupuncturist for 20 years, but she has started using the forks on their own and in conjunction with needles.'	I can see my jawline for the first time in a while, and my skin looks plumper and pink, rather than white' The therapies work on the same principle of Chinese acupuncture, which follows the idea that our body's energy - or'Qi' - flows through 12 main channels called meridians.	If this flow is interrupted, it can cause ill health and affect our appearance, causing premature ageing, dry skin and eye bags.	Inserting needles or vibrating tuning fork on these trigger points supposedly restores the flow of energy, improving fine lines and circulation, leading to a clearer, rejuvenated complexion.	Samara uses them together for a more powerful effect, but for the needle-phobic the forks can be used on their own.	Certain forks are designed for different parts of the face and the body - there are dozens of them, with names such as'Sun','Earth' and'New Moon'.	The physical vibrations have an effect on the body, while the sound from the forks is simultaneously soothing.	Samara pings one of the forks and puts it up to my ear.	The sound is magical, like a xylophone from outer space.	She asks me to get on the bed and remove my socks.	She explains she will tap my feet with the forks and apply needles to'bring the energy down for grounding' (whatever that means) before starting on the face and getting the energy flowing all around my body.	Samara uses a'Gold Ohm Unison' tuning fork.	She strikes it against a hard disc strapped on her leg, which creates a vibration, before putting the base of the fork on various points on my feet.	I can feel a gentle, deep vibration travel through my feet and halfway up my legs.	It's a strange, tingly sensation, and builds as she places the fork on more points on my feet.	Within two minutes I feel as if I'm floating.	She then puts needles in between my toes to'cleanse the system'.	They do n't hurt at all.	Then she moves to my face.	She feels around my jawline and says she can feel I have raised glands.	She asks if I get a lot of sore throats, and I say yes.	'The vibration from the forks can help the lymph glands to drain, which will help bring down the swelling,' she says, adding that all she's doing is'clearing blockages', which will help everything work better.	Inserting needles or vibrating tuning fork on these trigger points supposedly restores the flow of energy, improving fine lines and circulation, leading to a clearer, rejuvenated complexion.	Marinna finds the physical vibrations have an effect on the body, while the sound from the forks is simultaneously soothing.	She also explains that she uses tuning forks to help tighten loose muscle around the jawline.	As she puts the base of the'Earth' fork around my jawline, the vibrations go deep into my head.	It feels odd, but also rather lovely.	She then puts the forks up to my ears and I hear a clear, deep, bell-like sound that feels as if it's cleaning my mind.	All my normal chattering thoughts are gone for a moment.	Samara, who is wafting around the room ethereally, as New Aged therapists are wont to do, explains in her soft, slow voice that different forks have different sounds, varying from deep and resonant to high-pitched.	She says the'New Moon' fork is good for wrinkles and crow's feet, because it relaxes the skin.	But when she starts talking about how the sounds will'bring me into alignment with the cycles and rhythms of the cosmos', it feels a step too far.	She found the effect was less pronounced the following day - although she still looked better.	I begin to feel it is all ridiculous.	But then she moves up my face.	Samara tells me I have deep lines between my nose and mouth and my cheeks are puffy.	She asks if I get a lot of sinus problems.	Again, I say yes.	She's more thorough than some GPs I've seen.	Samara presses the forks along the side of my nose, where the vibrations should help drain the sinuses, and then my eyes, where apparently they will help reduce dark circles.	Finally, Samara comes to my forehead.	She tells me I have a line forming between my eyebrows, known as the'suspended sword', which can be caused by fear and concentration.	'Do you frown when you are concentrating?'	she asks.	I do.	'And do you find yourself feeling frightened quite often?'	she asks.	Yes!	This woman is a mind-reader.	And then we're done.	It feels as if I've been lying there for a minute, but Samara tells me it's nearly an hour.	I feel spaced out.	I'm so relaxed it's hard to speak.	Apparently, this is normal, the result of feel-good endorphins created when pressure points are stimulated.	I'm pleasantly surprised - in the mirror, my face looks less like the Pilsbury Doughboy.	I can see my jawline for the first time in a while, and my skin looks plumper and pink, rather than white.	The next morning, I take a long, hard look at my face.	The effect is n't as pronounced as the day before, but my skin looks smoother and I have more colour.	Samara recommends 12 sessions, but most people see a difference after just three or four.	At # 90 for an hour, it's not cheap, but it's reminded me of a basic beauty truth: a glowing complexion is n't something to be obtained in an expensive cream - it comes from being healthy inside and out.	Samara packs me off with some good advice: drink fresh ginger tea to boost my immune system and try to avoid dairy, which does n't help if you're prone to congestion, coughs and colds.	Maybe I am the hemp seed type after all.	I have booked a second appointment.	Samara REID, the Hale Clinic, London (020 7631 0156).	Experts recommend 12 sessions.	At # 90 for an hour, it's not cheap.
Gone are the days when Eileen Dover was considered an unfortunate name, with celebrity culture booming like never before, sharing a name with a star can be pretty unlucky, too.	Something that New York resident Beyoncé knows about all too well.	No, not the legendary singer but another woman who says having the same name as the wife of Jay-Z has caused her grief her entire life.	Humans of New York photographer shared this image of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé.	The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name.	In a post that has now gone viral on Facebook, Beyonce says:'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me, and I'm not a very social person.	'My family moved this year from Pennsylvania.	I was so scared the first day of school that someone would notice me.	I would n't even adjust my seat because I thought it would make a noise.	One time I really had to cough, but I held it in.	This was followed with thousands of Facebook comments from users who suffer from the very same problem.	All expressed their shared pain with Beyoncé after living with unfortunate name clashes.	Although this Kaity Perry has inherited an extra'i' it has n't prevented her from being the butt of the jokes.	'When the teacher started calling attendance, I got really nervous, because every time people learn my name is Beyoncé, somebody starts singing Single Ladies.	And some did, of course.	But the second day of school was n't too bad.	Because everyone knew my name.'	Her photo was posted on Facebook accompanied with this statement as part of the Humans of New York project.	The photo series was created by photographer Brandon Stanton who travels around the city capturing images of its residents and sharing their stories.	As well as joint celebrity names users expressed their annoyance at sharing names with famous songs.	And then there was gaining an embarrassing name through marriage.	Tanya's name became slightly more awkward after her career saw her gain a new title.	His photos are picking up a lot of interest with his Facebook page already receiving more than 12 million likes, however his photo of Beyoncé has encouraged the biggest reaction.	Following its upload the photo has received almost 300,000 shares as well as thousands of comments from people with equally if not more unfortunate names showing their support for Beyoncé.	Bridgett Jones wrote:'If I had a dollar for every time someone asked me about my diary...' referring to the famous chick flick character.	People ca n't resist but turn Abeer's name into an inanimate object.	The parents of Merry have no excuse as Christmas was definitely around when she was born.	For Jane she received twice as many jibes as bad names run in the family.	MaryKate Olsen added:'Believe me I understand, my name really is Mary Kate Olsen.	I get all the Olsen twin jokes you can imagine.'	While Kaity Perry says that having an extra'i' makes no difference:' I totally understand that since my name is Kaity Perry.	If I had a dime for every time someone made a Katy Perry joke I'd be rich!'	Macarena Diab chimed in:'You're not alone!	I know the feeling!	Ca n't introduce myself that 2 minutes after people are singing and dancing!	And they think they're the first ones to make the connection:P I just try to laugh about it, if it helps:)' (sic).	Carolina Ahs gained her bad name once married:' I was once married ; My last name is Ahs, his Hull.	We were the Ahs-Hulls...' Tanya Boob Kluck said:'Beyoncé is n't bad!	Try having the last name Boob, and then join the Army as a Private.	Yes, Private Boob!'	Sharing a name with one of the most-wanted ca n't be easy.	And then there are names that do n't exactly trip off the tongue.	Many of the users were able to see the funny side of their names.	Abeer Khan joined in:'My name is Abeer Khan.	And people wo n't stop calling me A Beer Can.'	Julius Christmas has sympathy for his sibling:'My sister's name is Merry... We share last names.'	Jane Bond's bad name runs in the family:'Checking in.	I have to use my boyfriend's name when making a lot of reservations because people think I'm lying.	Then they ask me if my dad's name is James.	And it is:(' Osama Siddiqui argued that his name was worse:'Better than a terrorist.'	North11 has opted for an alternative on screen name:'My full name is Zephaniah Gustavus Park.	Do n't worry, I was homeschooled.'	Those who commented seemed happy to find someone to relate to.	Katherine Holmes said:'Katie Holmes here.	Tom Cruise and little Suri are doing great.'	Rachel Green is resentful of her name pairing with a Friends character:'Always being asked if I found my Ross yet...' Serena Williams added:'Girl you do n't know how many people ask me if I play tennis!!'	Victoria Elizabeth Beckham is able to laugh at her name:'Just posh here.'	Kelly Rowland knows the feeling all too well:' I feel you honey!!'	Jack Haas accepts his unfortunate name:'Hey my name pretty much sucks too!'	Jim's first and last name pairing must have escaped his parents.	Chukwuebuka Okoli added:'Lol, you're worried about YOUR name' Julia Roberts chirped up:' I understand this completely:') Although, I am pretty social, I can still be kinda shy.	When people learn of my name, they always begin singing "Pretty Woman" so I just sit and laugh.	It's funny though, because I actually want to become an actress.	Be proud of your name, keep your head up!'	Iona McLachlan makes fun of her title:' I own a car.	I own a bike.	I own a house.	;)' Kinga Burger envies Beyoncé:'Better hearing "Single Ladies" than hearing about hamburgers and fries.'	Jennifer Lopez breaths a sigh of relief:' I can relate to this:)' The bottom commenter knows all too well the toils of being names Isis.	Will Smith adds:'Try being called Will Smith.'	But Jim Socks thinks he has it worse:'Try being called Gym Socks:(' Shakira Lamb is sick of being quizzed about her hips:' I feel your pain!	Every time someone hears my name is Shakeira, I get asked if my hips do n't lie' Tina Turner shares the embarrassment:' I know the feeling ;)' Sammy Smith is feeling a sense of relief:'Feeling better about Sam Smith right now.'	Isis d'Ascoli's name has recently fallen out of favour:'Try being called Isis...' Meghan Griffin shares her name with the Family Guy star:'The Meg Griffin jokes are endless.'	Chris Brown finally pipes up:' I feel you.'	Meghan shares her name with the cartoon character from family guy.	Chris Brown knows exactly how Beyoncé feels.
Chelsy Davy showcased her style credentials as she stepped out in London rocking ripped jeans and a chic blazer on Wednesday night.	The ex-girlfriend of Prince Harry radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in Mayfair.	The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits, smiling as she made her way down the street wearing tan wedges and a crisp white blouse.	Chelsy Davy proved to be quite the fashionista as she stepped out in London wearing ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer on Wednesday night.	It's the second night out this week for the party girl, who was seen laughing and joking with friend Irene Forte at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden, on Tuesday.	Zimbabwean Davy wore a similar look - a white layered chiffon top, as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles.	Davy has previously been known for her more relaxed, casual style, but it seems she is upping the style stakes and taking a more sophisticated approach to dressing now that she is approaching her thirties.	The 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends out and about in London.	It's the second night out on the town for the party girl, who joined friends at the opening of cool new eatery, The Ivy Chelsea Garden, on Tuesday.	The party was to celebrate the opening of the restaurant, part of renowned West End dining institution, The Ivy.	Davy circulated the party with a couple of friends, in particular daughter of hotel tycoon Rocco Forte, Irene.	Davy and Forte were spotted together recently at Duke of Northumberland's estate Syon Park over the weekend for the wedding of property magnate Caspar MacDonald-Hall.	At the wedding Chelsy, notably, was the gooseberry as she was seen with friend, Irene Forte and Forte's boyfriend, Jacobi Anstruther-Gough-Calthorpe.	Davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller Charles Goode in January.	The sporty socialite had a relationship with Prince Harry spanning six years until they called it a day in May 2010.	The pair still remain good friends.	Prince Harry with Chelsy Davy, seen in 2010 after receiving his Flying Wings from his father, dated for six years until they called it a day ; the pair still remain good friends.	Chelsy Davy attended the Royal Wedding of Prince William and the former Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey in 2011, proving how close her and Prince Harry remained after their split.
The president of the European Central Bank was left cowering behind his bodyguard after being sprinkled with confetti by a female protester.	A flabbergasted Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him during a press conference.	The woman - who identified herself later as Josephine Witt - yelled'End the ECB dictatorship!'	before being bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi.	The protester flashed a V-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men in grey suits carried her away by her arms and legs while the ECB boss was taken into a side room.	Flabbergasted: Ex-Femen activist Josephine Witt throws confetti at European Central Bank President Mario Draghi during a press conference in Frankfurt, Germany.	Taken by surprise: Mr Draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him.	Police said the woman was 21 and from Hamburg.	Miss Witt said she was formerly associated with Feminist activist group Femen.	But the organisation, known for topless protests against what it sees as male'economic, cultural and ideological occupation', claimed responsibility for the demonstration.	Mr Draghi returned minutes later looking a little shaken but resumed his press conference, earning a small round of applause from the press corps at the end for his composure.	ECB news conferences are usually sombre affairs, attended by reporters concerned with technical matters such as quantitative easing and asset-backed securities.	Taken down: The woman yelled'End the ECB dictatorship!'	before being bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi.	Defiant: Police, who took her into custody after the incident in Frankfurt, said she was 21 and from Hamburg.	'The rest of the press conference could hardly match the excitement of the first minutes,' investment bank ING said of Wednesday's event.	#Draghi became a trending hashtag on Twitter - a rare event for a central banker.	An ECB spokesman said the bank was investigating the incident.	Some left-wing activists accuse the ECB of enforcing budget austerity measures on eurozone countries, such as Greece, that are under financial bailout programs.	It has also been accused of having too few women in top positions.	As attention returned to ECB policy, Mr Draghi said the bank intends to pursue its existing bond-buying stimulus program'until the end of September 2016 and, in any case, until we see a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation.'	Feminist activist group Femen, known for topless protests against what it sees as male'economic, cultural and ideological occupation', claimed responsibility for the stunt.	The protester flashes a V-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men in grey suits carried her away by her arms and legs while Draghi was taken into a side room.	Inflation at minus 0.1 per cent is way below the ECB's aim of 2 per cent.	There was some speculation that because of a recent improvement in the economy of the 19-country eurozone, the ECB might end its stimulus program before that date.	In his statement, Mr Draghi noted that the ECB would look beyond month-by-month swings in economic data when assessing how long to carry on with the stimulus.	The stimulus hopes to lower market interest rates, which tends to boost lending and, by extension, economic activity.	The U.S. Federal Reserve has used a similar program.	Mr Draghi said the stimulus program is proceeding smoothly and has helped lower market interest rates.
A pensioner has broke down in tears in court as he was spared jailed after admitting he stabbed his sick wife to death after she begged him to'bring her suffering to an end'.	Anthony Mann, 78, sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to the details of the mercy killing of his wife Janet at their home in Nuneaton, Warwickshire.	He was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at Leamington Justice Centre today.	Anthony Mann was spared jail for killing his wife Janet after she asked him to end his life.	As his trial opened, the prosecution outlined how Mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife's chest in a moment of impulse.	The court was told how Mann was a devoted father and husband, who had been married to Janet for a number of years after they first met as teenagers.	However, since 2008, Mrs Mann's health had deteriorated and by the middle of 2014, she was suffering from dementia, was unable to go to the toilet alone and was in chronic pain.	Peter Grieve-Smith, prosecuting, said:'The strain on Mr Mann was enormous and on June 20 at 2.20 am he made a 999 call and said he had killed his wife.	'He said he had stabbed her and that she had asked him to do it.	'When the police arrived they found Janet Mann lying on her bed on her back with a knife sticking out of her abdomen.	'She had died through a stab wound to her heart.'	A police van outside the home of Anthony and Janet Mann in Nuneaton after Mr Mann stabbed his sick wife to death after she begged him to bring her suffering to an end.	In a statement to police Mann said his wife had been in a distressed state and had told him she had had enough.	He said:'She was screaming and said she did not want live like this.	I went to the kitchen and got a knife and stabbed her.	I kissed her and said I love you.'	The couple's two daughters both said in statements that their dad was a loving, kind man and defending QC Jonas Hankin said:'This is a tragic case of a mercy killing.'	The prosecution then asked for the original charge of murder to be replaced by one of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility, to which Mann pleaded guilty.	The judge, Mr Justice Haddon-Cave said:'This is an exceptionally sad and tragic case.	Janet Mann had suffered ill health for a number of years and her husband was her devoted and constant carer.	'She did not want to suffer any more and, under terrific strain, her husband acted in a moment of impulse.'	Mann pleaded guilty to a charge of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility at Leamington Justice Centre, pictured.	The judge said he accepted the conclusions of two psychiatrists that, on the night of the killing, the defendant had been suffering a mental disorder, brought on by the'enormous pressure' he was under.	Addressing Mann he added:'Neither of your daughters bears any resentment towards you and each has expressed relief that their mother's suffering has ended.	'You have been an industrious, hard-working man who has led an utterly decent life, devoted to your wife and family.'	In a statement issued through his solicitor at the end of the trial, Mann said:'The family are all relieved that Janet is no longer suffering and I am grateful of their support throughout this difficult time.	'The end of Janet's severe pain and distress is all that this case has been about.	Janet was a very special lady and her family and friends all love and miss her greatly.'
The 73-year-old reserve deputy who mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of a Taser and shot dead a fleeing suspect says the mix-up could have happened to anyone.	Robert Bates, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday, where he was flanked by his lawyer and family members.	He also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident.	'First and foremost let me apologize to the family of Eric Harris,' he said as he became emotional.'	I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still ca n't believe it happened.'	Scroll down for videos.	Apology: Robert Bates became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead during a botched sting operation on April 2.	The reserve deputy appeared on the Today show on Friday.	The interview comes just days after Bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter.	He was released after posting a $25,000 bond.	On the Today show, he recalled how he had been in his car several blocks away when Harris, 44, ran towards him amid a botched undercover gun-sale operation.	Video of the incident shows Bates chasing after the man.	In an attempt to subdue him, Bates went to grab his Taser, but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead.	In the video, Bates can be heard shouting'Taser!	Taser!'	When the gunshot goes off, he says:' I shot him.	I'm sorry.'	The fatally-wounded man can be heard daying:'Oh my god, he shot me!	He shot me!	He shot me, man' before adding:'Oh, my god.	I'm losing my breath!'	On the Today show, Bates said he was immediately hit by shock when the gun went off.	Mix up: While on the Today show, he showed where he keeps his Taser (left) compared to where he keeps his gun (right).	He said that there have previously been cases of officers confusing the position of the two.	Support: He appeared on the Today show on Friday flanked by family members and his lawyer, right.	'Oh my god, what has happened?'	he recalled thinking.	'This was not an intentional thing.	I had no desire to ever take anyone's life.'	He said that the shock remains with him and he is unable to sleep or concentrate.	Bates also stood up and demonstrated where he keeps his Taser on his body - slightly below his chest - compared to where he keeps his gun - on his lower right-hand side near his pants pocket.	Today show host Matt Lauer asked him how he could make the mistake, when the two pieces of equipment are kept so far away from each other on the body.	'This has happened a number of times around the country, I have read about it in the past,' Bates responded.'	I thought to myself after reading several cases, "I do n't understand how this can happen".	You must believe me - it can happen to anyone.'	Shot dead: Eric Harris, who is pictured with his son Aidan, was killed in the incident on April 2.	Shooting: This photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up Bates's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in Tulsa earlier this month.	Harris is being held down on the ground, out of shot, by other deputies.	Terrified: The fatally-wounded man, who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies (pictured), says:'Oh my god, he shot me!	He shot me!	He shot me, man.'	He then adds:'Oh, my god.	I'm losing my breath' The interview follows reports that Bates, a millionaire insurance broker, had been allowed to'play cop' after he donated pricey equipment to the department - a claim he called'unbelievably unfair'.	Bates, who is among several well-to-do Tulsa residents who moonlight as reserve deputies, has purchased five vehicles for the police force.	He also dismissed recent reports in the Tulsa World that he had not completed the proper hours of training, saying it is'absolutely the truth' that he had paperwork to show he had completed it.	His lawyer added that the report was largely based on claims made by a man who was terminated from the department seven years ago, at which point Bates had only been there a few months.	Bates is classified by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office as an'advanced reserve'.	This means that he went through 480 hours training of the'Field Training Officer' or FTO.	In his statement to investigators, Bates said he had previously attended a five-day homicide school in Dallas and also received'active shooter response training' with the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office in Arizona.	He also claims to have been involved in'at least 100 other' assignments.	Charged: Harris (pictured left) died from his injuries and Bates (right in his mug shot) has been charged with second-degree manslaughter.	He faces four years in prison if he is convicted.	Confusion: An image shows a Taser and a handgun similar to the weapons Bates was carrying.	He mistakenly thought he was holding a Taser, not his handgun, when he fatally shot Eric Harris.	But the sources who spoke to Tulsa World claimed that the reserve deputy was not properly trained to be an armed deputy, despite Sheriff Stanley Glanz saying otherwise.	Indeed, Sheriff Glanz and Bates' own legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an'advanced reserve' and had undergone 480 hours training.	However, when asked to produced proof that Bates was certified to use three weapons, including the revolver he fired at Harris, the Sheriff's Office say they have been unable to find the paperwork.	Bates faces four years in prison if convicted.	See below for video.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda.	Russia has key interests in.	common with the United States and needs to work with it on a.	common agenda, Russian president Vladimir Putin said on Saturday.	in a television interview.	In his comments to the state-run Rossiya channel, Putin.	appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly.	critical.	Relations between Moscow and Washington, and other.	Western powers, have soured over the conflict in Russia's.	neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low.	'We have disagreements on several issues on the.	international agenda.	'But at the same time there is something.	that unites us, that forces us to work together,' Putin said.'	I mean general efforts directed at making the world economy.	more democratic, measured and balanced, so that the world order.	is more democratic.	'We have a common agenda.'	Putin has in the past fiercely attacked the United States.	and the West in general, blaming them for the Ukraine crisis,.	which Russia says was the result of a Western-backed'coup' against Ukraine's former leader Viktor Yanukovich.	Russia has repeatedly denied accusations from Kiev and the.	West that it is supporting pro-Russian rebels with troops and.	weapons in eastern Ukraine, where more than 6,000 people have.	been killed since last April.	His latest remark comes two days after an annual TV phone-in.	show in which Putin accused the United States of trying to.	dominate world affairs, saying it wanted'not allies, but.	vassals'.	On Saturday, Putin (pictured above with U.S. president Obama in November 2014 at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit) said the U.S. and Russia have a common agenda of general efforts directed at making the world economy more democratic, measured and balanced.	During the Thursday interview, he also made it clear that Russia wants an end to fighting in eastern Ukraine and is interested in rebuilding damaged ties with the United States and other Western nations.	The U.S. and the European Union imposed sanctions on Russia over Moscow's annexation of the Crimean Peninsula and accusations of supporting separatists in Ukraine.	At the same time, he reaffirmed his long-held criticism of what he sees as U.S. aspirations of global domination, saying Washington must learn to treat Russia as an equal partner.	'The main condition for restoring normal relations is to have respect for Russia and its interests,' Putin said on Thursday, adding that the United States'does n't need allies ; they need vassals.'	However, his criticisms of the West on Saturday were more moderate.	than in some previous appearances.	But, both Russia and the West say they back a peace deal.	agreed in Minsk in February, as a result of which a ceasefire in.	the Donbass region is largely holding.
Just a day after being released from jail, the man who was beaten by cops following a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback has spoken out to detail his painful arrest.	Helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching 30-year-old Francis Pusok more than 80 times on Thursday, after he fled his southern California home when they tried to arrest him for identity theft charges.	In an interview with NBC 4 on Monday, Pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for'99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear'This is n't over'.	Scroll down for video.	Scarring experience: Francis Pusok (left) spoke for the first time on Monday, four days after he was beaten up by cops in footage taken from a helicopter.	His girlfriend of 13 years, Jolene Bindner, pictured center.	When San Bernardino County Sheriff's deputies arrived at Pusok's house on Thursday, he said he fled'because any contact with police has been negative for me'.	As the chase was coming to a close about two and a half hours later, video shows Pusok falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and two deputies approach.	The officers then start to assault Pusok, and later claimed that his taser had been ineffective due to his loose clothing - even though Pusok is clearly seen convulsing from the electric shock in the helicopter footage.	On the run: Pusok fled his house in San Bernardino County on Thursday after Sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges.	He led police on a more than two-hour long chase, part of it on horseback.	On the ground: At the end of the chase, police officers shot Pusok with a taser and he fell to the ground.	Pusok claims they handcuffed him within 15 seconds and then continued to beat him despite the fact he was lying helpless on the ground.	Cruel: The helicopter continued to record the first two cops beating Pusok up as more deputies swooped in.	Under investigation: In the aftermath of the disturbing video, 10 officers have been placed on paid administrative leave while the incident is investigated.	Pusok estimates that within 15 seconds of the first taser hit, the cops had him in handcuffs but says they continued to assault him and yelled'stop resisting' even though he was laying face down on the ground.	He says the officers went on to tase him two more times after he was in handcuffs.	Pusok remembers the cops'hitting me every place that they could hit me - anywhere and everywhere.''	I thought I was being beaten to death,' said Pusok.	.'	I was wondering, "When is it going to stop?"'	Bruised: Pusok sports a painful black eye in his booking photo.	He was released from jail on Sunday.	After the incident, Pusok was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse.	He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center where he was released Sunday night at bail.	A court hearing has been scheduled for June 16, but San Bernardino County Prosecutors said Monday that they had not yet made a decision on whether to file formal charges against Pusok.	Meanwhile, 10 officers - including a sergeant and a detective - involved in the incident have been placed on paid leave as the FBI starts an investigation into whether excessive force was used in the arrest.	San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said last week that he was'disturbed and troubled' by the video and that an internal investigation is underway into the deputies' actions.	A criminal inquiry into the actions of the suspect is also being carried out, he said.	However, he said that the department will not release the names of deputies - which apparently include a sergeant and a detective - until they are sure that multiple threats made are not valid.	In his interview on Monday, Pusok said he thinks his prior run-ins with police may have sparked their violent backlash.	Indeed, Pusok's lengthy criminal record includes charges of obstructing an officer and resisting an officer, as well as attempted robbery, animal cruelty and fighting or offensive words.	Deputies have been called to Pusok's home before, during which he threatened to kill a deputy and shot a puppy in front of his family, Sheriff McMhaon said.	Disturbing: San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon says he was'disturbed and troubled' by the video and that he has launched an internal investigation.	However, Pusok's pregnant girlfriend, Jolene Bindner, says some of the prior charges against her longtime partner have been trumped up.	Bindner told NBC that the charges he threatened to kill a police officer are'absolutely not true.	I was there the whole time.'	She also said that Pusok, father of their three children, was arrested in 2002 for driving at unsafe speed on a sidewalk but that he was only riding a bicycle at the time.	What concerns Bindner the most though was the one deputy's alleged whispered threat of'This is n't over' at the end of the beating.	'That concerns me because we have children together and I do n't want any kind of retaliation against me or my children,' she said.	Doing better: After visiting her longtime partner in jail on Sunday, Pusok's girlfriend Jolene Bindner said he was on the road to recovery.	Threats: The couple share three children together and have another on the way.	Bindner (left) says she is concerned about a deputy who whispered'This is not over' to her boyfriend at the end of the beating.	Pusok's attorney Jim Terrell said his client's criminal history has nothing to do with any possible excessive force case.	'If it was n't for that helicopter and the camera... they would be charging him with 10 counts of battering a police officer,' Terrell said.	'That's how it rolls here, that's what goes on every single day.'	Pusok's beating came as recent violent episodes by officers dealing with suspects have hit the headlines, including the killing of Walter Scott in North Charleston, South Carolina, last weekend.	Scott, 50, who was unarmed, was shot dead by 33-year-old Officer Michael Slageras he ran away from him during a traffic stop.	Slageras has since been arrested and charged with murder.	The American Civil Liberties Union released a statement saying it is'deeply troubled by the video images' and applauding McMahon's call for an investigation.
You could have fried an egg on David Cameron's upper lip yesterday afternoon when he appeared in sunny Bristol.	The PM was speaking in a rather peculiar building -- an almost empty science park on the city's outskirts, its round atrium area filled with party activists.	The space was uncomfortably hot and Mr Cameron was looking straight into a merciless, piercing, armpit-moistening sun.	The prime ministerial upper lip was soon glistening.	Attack of the sweats!	David Cameron worked up a sweat as he made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol.	Pictured: The Prime Minister speaks with Lilli Docherty and her daughter Dakota over lunch in a sun-drenched garden.	It was such a glorious bank holiday, why on earth did Tory high command not scrap their plans, strip down to shirts and chinos and campaign on the beach at Weston-super-Mare?	They might at least have found some swing voters there.	But there is something clinical, immutable, rigid, unspontaneous so far about this Tory campaign.	Well, all the parties' campaigns, really.	Strategists with precious plans have plotted every minute of every low-risk day and the politicians look more remote from the electors than ever.	Mr Cameron was appearing alongside George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, both of them in weekday suits.	On some news-management grid many moons ago it had been decided that tax was to be the theme of the day.	I suppose no one guessed it might be high-summerish weather.	Bank holidays are usually washouts.	And so tax remained the dish du jour.	The day was hailed as'Money Back Monday' because it was the start of the financial year and the new, more generous tax allowances for the low-paid meant an extra # 600 in people's pockets.	Mr Cameron had spent the morning in Poole, Dorset (where veteran Lib Dem MP Annette Brooke is retiring) and apparently ate a hot dog while he was there.	One of the reporters who had been on his campaign bus said he had met'at least two voters'.	He arrived at the Bristol and Bath Science Park at 4.40 pm.	As his battle bus approached the destination, one of his police bodyguards made plain his feelings by being spectacularly sick, poor soul.	Perhaps the copper had been food taster for the hot dog.	Everyone getting off the bus looked a bit green.	The audience had been waiting for some time, broiling slowly in the building's atrium.	What a soulless place it was, of antiseptic design with bleached wood and long, lifeless corridors.	Vast windows.	An airport-style exterior.	We could have been anywhere in the world -- the middle of Texas, the plains of central France, or at a yet-to-open business hotel in Bulgaria.	Prime Minister David Cameron and George Osborne make a speech at the Bristol and Bath Science Park.	During his Bristol visit, Mr Cameron read a speech and said there was a'moral' case for the Tories' policies.	Bristol has a handful of seats, local Tory MPs being Chris Skidmore, Charlotte Leslie and Jack Lopresti.	Might it not have made more sense to hold a rally underneath Clifton suspension bridge -- somewhere that at least had a resonance with the city?	A tanned Mr Cameron dutifully made his prepared speech, saying that there was a'moral' case for the Tories' economic policies.	Fetch that, Mr Archbishop of Canterbury.	It was'frankly immoral to spend money like it grows on trees'.	He said he and the Tories would spend money on'your family, your future' rather than on'bureaucracy or bloat or the latest crackpot Government scheme'.	This innovative use of'bloat' as a noun was repeated three times.	Do n't vote bloat.	Maybe it should be their new slogan.	After ten minutes he let George Osborne make a speech.	Eeek.	George stepped into the glare and you have seldom seen a man look so deathly pale.	Shades of the sepulchre on Easter morning.	A brief session of questions saw Mr Cameron being asked about recent Lib Dem eruptions -- Nick Clegg calling Mr Osborne'a very dangerous man' and Danny Alexander alleging that the Tories are not interested in helping the poor.	Mr Cameron said it was inevitable that'you'll find the minor parties saying increasingly desperate things'.	He was unfazed by'the odd noise-off from a deputy'.	Or should that be noise-off from an odd deputy?
For a self-professed champion of women's rights, ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry has a funny way of showing it.	The 28-year-old has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should'lose some weight, baby girl', adding'I'm on television and you're in a f -- ing trailer, honey'.	But according to her blog, the former model is dedicated to helping women feel'comfortable in their own skin'.	In a self-aggrandizing rant, McHenry tells her readers she is'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on'appearance alone'.	It is an almost unrecognizable tone from the one she took on April 6, when she raged at towing company clerk Gina Michelle:'Just being here makes my skin crawl... Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?'	SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO.	Women's rights champion?	Britt McHenry encourages her blog readers to'be the woman with a voice, not the sex-ed up body without one'.	She said she posted this selfie as an example of female empowerment.	Pious: Just eight days before her outburst, McHenry lectured her Facebook followers on the impact of words.	Vicious: ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an Advanced Towing employee in Arlington, Virginia.	Glamorous: Originally from New Jersey, McHenry is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C. Pictured is Gina Michelle, the clerk abused by McHenry and told she needed to lose some weight.	McHenry uses her blog post to lament the pressure put on women to appear a certain way.	She describes a cheeseburger advert that features an almost naked woman, writing:'When so many females fight for gender equality in pay and opportunity -- still to this day in 2015 -- an advertisement like that only sets women back generations.'	'Women,' she pontificates,'can be comfortable in their own skin... Be the woman with a voice, not the sex-ed up body without one.'	Regaling her own life story, McHenry tells readers:'Even at 18, and yes as a model once, I never fathomed resting on appearance alone.	'In a pre-Instagram era, I was more worried about putting my nose in a book rather than flaunting it (and other female assets) in a portfolio book.	'If a Champion Sportswear ad helped pay for my student loans, great.	But, I wanted to be an attractive AND intelligent woman.'	She closes with a rallying cry against the cheeseburger ad that inspired her diatribe:'Put the burger down during the big game's party and pick up some chips and salsa.	It will be my silent act of solidarity.'	It seems her activism waned as she came face-to-face with mother-of-three Gina Michelle at the Advanced Towing Company after her car was removed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia.	The verbal attack on April 6 was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office.	'I'm in the news, sweetheart, I will f ----- g sue this place,' McHenry can he heard saying in the video.	The parking attendant can be heard in the video warning McHenry she is being filmed and threatens to'play your video'.	McHenry seems unfussed, responding:'That's why I have a degree and you do n't - I would n't work in a scumbag place like this.	'Makes my skin crawl even being here.'	The parking attendant patiently replies:'Well lets get you out of here quickly.'	McHenry then fires back:'Yep, that's all you care about - taking people's money... with no education, no skill set.	Just wanted to clarify that.'	After a few more comments, including telling the woman she does n't have a brain, McHenry delivers her biggest sting.	'Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?'	she says.	'Cos I'm on television and you're in a f ----- g trailer, honey.'	Finally, before walking away, McHenry says:'Lose some weight, baby girl.'	Caught red-faced: Incredibly, McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant, however continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera.	Unhappy customer: Britt McHenry leaving the towing company and flipping a finger to the cameras.	She's outta there: ESPN immediately responded by suspending McHenry, but only for one week.	The towing company told TMZ'she was in the wrong' but insists there are no hard feelings towards McHenry.	In a statement emailed to DailyMail.com, a spokesman said:'Parking enforcement is contentious by nature.	'At the same time, neither Gina, our lot clerk, nor our company, have any interest in seeing Britt McHenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments.	'Ms McHenry is our neighbor, and, as she said, to paraphrase, made remarks that were out of line.	She is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment.	'Gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family.	Gina holds no ill will toward Ms McHenry.	'As a small business, we saw no benefit to releasing the video, except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing, public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter.	The video was not licensed or sold to anyone.'	There is now a petition to have McHenry fired from her role in Washington, D.C., slamming the sportscaster as'derogatory, classist and body-shaming.'	The Change.org petition reads:'Currently McHenry is serving a mere 1-week suspension for her outburst.	'By retaining Britt McHenry as a prominent public figure of Sports Media, ESPN Inc. and other networks effectively send a loud public message condoning this type of cruel behavior.	'The comments captured in the video represent an unacceptable attitude of hatred for lower-income Americans and individuals whose features do not match traditional beauty standards.	'Britt McHenry lost her credibility as a professional journalist when she shamelessly broadcasted this hatred both to the victim in the video and to a global audience of thousands who now bear witness to it.	'Continuing to support Britt McHenry directly threatens not only her potential future victims, but also the integrity of ESPN, the field of American sports media, and journalism as a whole.	As the video, obtained by Live Leak, spread online, ESPN, which is owned by Disney, was forced to react.	A spokesman confirmed McHenry had been suspended for one week.	It is unclear whether a more serious punishment will be handed down.	Disney has so far refused DailyMail.com's request for a comment.	McHenry, who appears impeccably groomed on camera, berated Michelle for her appearance and her job.	The apology: McHenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online Thursday.	The backlash: Twitter users mocked McHenry's arrogance and emphasis on appearance.	A petition has been launched to see McHenry removed from the network following her outburst.	Hundreds of people have reacted to the incident on Twitter as ESPN refuses to comment further.	Right after the incident took place, McHenry took her Twitter account to rant about how Adanced Towing is'corrupt'.	She has since deleted the tweet.	On Thursday, she turned to social media again to apologize for her actions, saying it was an'intense and stressful moment' for her.	She posted online:'In an intense and stressful moment, I allowed my emotions to get the best of me and said some insulting and regrettable things.	As frustrated as I was, I should always choose to be respectful and take the high road.	I am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake.'	However, her apology has done little to quell the tirade of fury, and the following day weight discrimination groups began speaking out against McHenry.	'It was extremely sad,' James Zervios, vice president of marketing and communications for the Obesity Action Coalition, told the New York Daily News.	'This is not something that should be socially acceptable.	'It shows that weight bias is something that's very common in our society.'	According to The Big Lead, McHenry was eating Hunan Chinese restaurant on Wilson Boulevard in Arlington when her car was towed.	Advanced Towing has been berated in the past with users complaining of double charges and unfair car removals.	The firm has an F rating on the Better Business Bureau site.
A teenage factory girl in China dumped her newborn child in a toilet after giving birth -- before going back to work on a shoe production line.	The baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in Wenzhou City by a cleaner, prompting its managers to start searching for the mother.	They found Xiao Ying, 17, working on the production line -- but she completely denied giving birth to the child, The People's Daily Online reported.	The baby boy was dumped by his teenager mother in a factory toilets, before she went back to work.	Xiao Ying, 17, said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant and wanted to'forget the entire incident' When a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was'icy cold'.	The baby's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life.	The father of the girl said they could not keep the baby.	It was only when the managers spotted blood on the girl's shoe that she admitted she was the mother.	CCTV filmed Ying going into the toilets at 8.11 am clutching her tummy -- and walking slowly back out at 8.13 am, only one minute and 49 seconds later.	The teenager said she managed to hid the pregnancy for months because'no-one cared, and no-one asked.'	She said:'I found out I was pregnant four to five months ago.	I was experiencing a lot of morning sickness and felt movement in my stomach.	'I did n't tell my parents because I was afraid of being beaten.'	The father of the baby is 18 years old.	The couple had planned to get married but did n't go through with it.	When they broke up Ying -- whose surname is Ding -- said she did n't know she was pregnant and she had not been in contact with him, adding she could hardly remember what he looked like.	When asked why she abandoned her baby she said:'At the time I had lots of abdominal pain so I went to the toilet.	'When the baby came out I was terrified so I quickly ran to the dormitory, changed my clothes and just wanted to forget the entire incident.'	Authorities at the shoe factory, like the one pictured here, found the mother back working on the production line.	She denied giving birth, but came clean when managers saw that she had blood on her shoes.	Ying said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant in case they beat her.	Her father has now said they will not raise her child, saying:' My daughter is n't married.	We can not keep this baby.'	Ying's father arrived to arrange her medical treatment, but said the family had no intention of keeping the baby and would ask the father's family to step in.	'My daughter is n't married.	We can not keep this baby', he said.	A member of the HR department at the factory said they found the mother back on the production line.	He said:'At the time she was very calm and this puzzled me.	'As there was a lot of people nearby I asked her to come to the office where she was adamant that she was not the mother of the child but when we discovered blood on her shoes she admitted she was the mother.'	Mr Shao, the cleaner who found the child, said when he held the baby he was'icy cold'.	He said:'The young girl was too cruel.	At 8am there's usually no one in the dormitories.	'Luckily the baby boy was strong enough to cry out.	'I used my coat and some sheets to wrap him up and turned on the heater for him before he began to warm up again.'	Dr Xiao said when the baby arrived at hospital at 10.20 am his body temperature was just 30.5 degrees.	By 4pm treatment had helped it rise to 35.8 degrees, but Dr Xiao said while the baby was generally well, his initial low body temperature could affect his development in the future.	Sex education in China is notoriously poor, with people increasing calling for schools and parents to do more as a way of stopping unwanted pregnancies, rising rates of sexually transmitted diseases and acts of sexual violence.
One of Suge Knight's alleged victims claims the rap mogul growled'I'm going to kill you' then'everything went black'.	In his newly-released police interview obtained by TMZ, Cle'Bone' Sloan tells officers Knight uttered the threat then yanked on the gear stick.	Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck.	Knight, the co-founder of Death Row Records, has denied killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle'Bone' Sloan in a parking lot in Compton on January 18.	Scroll down for video.	Cle'Bone' Sloan (left) told police Suge Knight (right) growled'I'll kill you' before'everything went black'.	Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by running over them.	Terry Carter (pictured) was killed, allegedly by Knight, in the Compton parking lot on January 18.	Sloan describes how the pair exchanged blows at the scene in January.	'He's mixing it up, he's f *** ing with us and I caught him real good.	Then he said, "I'll kill you".	'That's when everything when black.'	Speaking to an LAPD officer, he claims Knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick.'	I do n't if he was trying to put it in park or if he was trying to leave... I do n't know.	'He started really reaching... when he said "I'm gona kill you", I thought "oh sh ** he's got a gun".	'After that that's when everything kind of turned into a dream.	I do n't know what happened after that.'	The audio release comes after pictures emerged of Suge Knight showing he had virtually no facial injuries when he was arrested.	Knight was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation, but close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.	The images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time.	The footage, which was played by the prosecutor for the first time, shows Suge Knight's pickup truck (top left) pulling up to the driveway of a burger stand in Compton on January 29.	Just seconds later, there is a confrontation between Knight Cle'Bone' Sloan and Terry Carter.	Knight runs over Sloan's leg and then plows into Carter.	Sloan is then seen lying on the ground in the aftermath.	A bystander then runs over to help.	Los Angeles Superior Court also released an image of the truck the rap mogul was driving when he ran over the two men.	Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen reviewed the items before determining Knight, 49, should stand trial on murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges.	The video shows Knight's pickup truck pulling up to the driveway of the burger stand and Cle'Bone' Sloan approaching the driver's side window.	Sloan then approaches the driver's side window and punches the 49-year-old in response to a flurry of insults.	Knight's pickup is seen backing up, throwing Sloan to the ground before the truck drives over his legs and then plows over Terry Carter - who died as a result.	Among the other key pieces of evidence shown to the court were images of Knight taken immediately after his arrest.	An hour-long interview with Sloan, who survived, describing what happened was also released.	Coen ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Knight, 49, to stand trial on charges he killed Terry Carter and attempted to kill Sloan during a parking lot confrontation in late January.	Knight has pleaded not guilty.	His attorney has said Knight was fleeing an ambush by Sloan and others when he hit the men outside a Compton burger stand.	The entire incident took approximately 30 seconds.	The video, shot by a surveillance camera monitoring the drive-thru at the burger stand, continues until the arrival of a paramedic.	The footage is likely to be used by both sides during Knight's trial.	Knight's attorney, Matt Fletcher, has said the video appears to show an associate of Sloan's taking a gun off of him after he is run over, and jurors likely will be shown an enhanced version of the video.	Knight turned himself in to authorities the morning after the incident.	Detectives took pictures of him to try to show he did not have any serious injuries from the attack.	Sloan's interview with detectives will also be crucial to the case since he is unlikely to repeat the lucid account of the event and his own actions that he gave investigators.	In court on Monday, Sloan repeatedly said he did n't remember the incident and refused to identify Knight as the person who injured him, saying he did n't want.	Another photo of the 49-year-old after he was detained was released by the court.	Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle'Bone' Sloan.	The close ups were intended to show the injuries he sustained from being punched in the face during the confrontation.	Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen ruled Thursday that there was enough evidence for Knight, 49, to stand trial on charges he killed Terry Carter and attempted to kill Sloan during a parking lot confrontation.	The images show.	Knight's attorney's say he was trying to flee and ambush.	He is pictured on the night of his arrest.
A two-year-old boy is recovering after falling into a cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo after his parents dangled him over the edge, officials said.	The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm.	The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene.	Scroll down for video.	A mother was holding the two-year-old boy and another child when the toddler slipped and fell into the cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo (file photo of cheetahs at the Cleveland zoo).	The boy was rescued by his parents from the pit (pictured) before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene.	He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital.	He is listed in stable condition after being taken to MetroHealth Medical Center and suffered from minor bruises and bumps.	The boy's leg was injured in the fall, but he was not attacked by the animals, Dr. Christopher Kuhar, the zoo's executive director told Fox 8.	Michael Lurie and his family were at the Cheetah exhibit when they heard the child scream.	'You saw how far the drop was and you just could n't believe the kid did n't hurt himself from falling down on the ground,' Lurie told WKYC.'	I was just shocked,' he said.'	I did n't understand how the parents let the kid go over the thing.'	The cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit, according to zoo officials.	Zoo visitor Terra Lurie believes the boy was not approached by the fast feline because they were frightened.'	I think they were just curious as to what was going on and why somebody was in the pen with them,' she said.	'It's not every day that somebody is just in the pen with them.'	'And everyone else is screaming and they probably got scared.'	Kuhar said the zoo had received' a number of eyewitness accounts' that indicate the'strong likelihood that the child was dangled over the railing,' he told NewsNet5.	Cleveland Metroparks Zoo has plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on Monday.	The exhibit was closed following the child's fall.	Zoo visitor Michael Lurie was at the cheetah exhibit when he heard the child scream.	He said he was'shocked' and'did n't understand how the parents let the kid' go over the railing and into the pit.	Cleveland Metroparks Zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the child's mother (above file photo of visitors at the Cleveland zoo).
A woman from Nova Scotia who has a prosthetic leg may have started off on the wrong foot with someone who shares a parking lot with her.	Despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space, Natasha Hope-Simpson said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally.'	I have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions, you are not HANDICAPPED!	The next time you park here I will forward the Video's to police with your license plate number.	YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF!!!!	,' reads one of the fuming letters Hope-Simpson received.	Scroll down for video.	Hidden disability: If Natasha Hope-Simpson was n't holding a cane in this photograph, one might not be able to tell she was missing a part of her leg because she wears a prosthetic limb that helps her walk.	Flattering note: Even though this letter left for Natasha Hope-Simpson on her windshield is filled with venom and anger, she viewed it as flattering because someone could not tell she was missing her leg.	Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee.	She has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that Hope-Simpson has a true handicap.	'I'm kind of flattered about that, because I've been working pretty hard on my walk to make it look natural,' she told CBC.	AOL reports that Hope-Simpson is an artist and has accepted her loss by taking in an opportunity to create wearable art.	With the help of the founders of the Alleles Design Studio, McCauley Wanner, 27, and Ryan Palibroda, 32, Hope-Simpson gets to sport funky prosthetic creations below her left knee and even helps to design them.	Wearable art: Natasha Hope-Simpson turned her handicap into an opportunity to create art and helped to create the design on her prosthetic leg.	CBC spoke with Tova Sherman who serves as an advocate for people with disabilities and who was heartbroken when hearing about the angry note.	According to Sherman, disabilities come in many forms and just because on the surface someone does n't seem disabled, it does n't mean that they are n't.	'It's really none of our business whether they run out of the car, or crawl out of the car.	Great example is people who live with fibromyalgia -- chronic pain -- it is episodic, meaning it comes and it goes,' she says.	She says even someone with a disability like fibromyalgia who looks normal may be fine one day and not be able to lift their arms the next.	Hope-Simpson says she does n't know how many times she has been recorded or who left her the note but it seems as though she has managed not to put too much weight on the incident.	All types of disabilities: Natasha Hope-Simpson, pictured with a friend, has a disability but because her prosthetic leg was covered, someone thought she was lying about being handicapped.
An Italian ice cream man pursued his older rival in his van and then punched him through the driver's window in a turf war over'stealing' customers from a new housing development.	The row broke out between Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, after the former allegedly tried to muscle in on Mr Bretti's patch.	A court heard how the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day in July last year.	Mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction and blocking him with his van.	He then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver's window.	Pursued: Mr Bretti, 64, was chased by his younger rival Andrea Trunfio over an argument over a disputed site.	The incident took place around the new Ridgeway Farm housing development on July 22 last year, when temperatures reached 25 degrees during a spell of sunny weather.	Describing what happened, Mr Bretti said:' I have been doing this for 45 years, since I was just 18 years old.	On July 22, I got beaten up by another ice cream man.	'He decided to follow me on Thamesdown Drive in the middle of the road.	He was going fast through the traffic lights, and when they went red I had to stop.	He blocked me with his van so I could n't get away.	'He came up to the van and punching me threatened to kill me, saying he had claimed the building site as his area.'	I was selling there because Sparcells is my area.	He was very aggressive and started punching me several times and said he would come to my home.	In the end I drove away to get away from him.'	Mr Bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police station, while Trunfio did a U-turn and sped off.	Dispute: Mr Bretti said he felt very dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police.	Trunfio denied common assault and claimed Mr Bretti had threatened to kill his family and burn his van if he went back to the disputed site.	Speaking through an intepreter, he claimed he had seen Mr Bretti at the site that day and his older rival had beckoned him to follow afterwards.	He said when they pulled up at the traffic lights, Mr Bretti grabbed his arm before rolling up the window to trap it.	He also told the court had sold ice creams in Swindon for ten years and had been at the housing development for two or three months before the incident.	He also claimed there had been prior arrangements which meant Mr Bretti would no longer sell at the building site.	Trunfio, from Swindon, told the magistrates' court in Chippenham, Wiltshire:'In our community, usually each person has an area.	There is no law to say you ca n't go to certain places.'	I am not a violent person, but when you have an agreement and someone breaks it, it is like you are being taken for a ride.'	I am an easy person and do not argue with people.	If I had hit him it would have been like hitting my own father.'	Disputed site: The two ice cream men argued about who had ownership of the new Ridgeway Farm housing development (pictured above), in Swindon.	Blocked: Mr Bretti was stopped on his way out of the housing development by Trunfio, who then hit him.	But witnesses to the incident said Trunfio got out and attacked his older rival after driving madly after him.	Sarah Miller, who saw the confrontation from her car, said:' I saw him (Trunfio) getting out and coming to the one at the back.	'He did n't look particularly angry until he tried to open the door of the second van.	'He was jumping up and down and trying to go after the other ice cream man.	I could see his fists going in and out of the window.	'He got back into his van and carried on shouting through his serving hatch.'	She added:' I was quite shocked, and very disappointed.	I thought if my children had seen that they would have been scared to go to an ice cream van again.'	Magistrates found Trunfio guilty and he was given a 12-month community order with 80 hours of unpaid work and # 650 costs and ordered to pay # 75 compensation to Mr Bretti.
The leader of a gang that attacked young girls in Sydney's southwest has been attacked by fellow inmates inside one of Australia's toughest prisons.	Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday.	A Corrective Services statement confirmed a' 33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day.	Sydney rape gang leader Bilal Skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at Goulburn Correctional Ccomplex in NSW.	He is pictured (in orange overalls) with his mother, Baria (right) inside Goulburn's Supermax prison on internal prison CCTV in 2002 when he tried to smuggle letters to his girlfriend out through Mrs Skaf.	Bilal Skaf (left and right) was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised Sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 Sydney Olympics for which he received a 46 year sentence and will be eligible for parole, if he behaves himself in prison and admits his crime, in 2033.	Gang rape leader Bilal Skaf pictured in the living room of his family home in Sydney's western suburbs posing with a firearm next to a photograph of his parents and siblings, including his younger brother Mohammed who was also convicted for the rapes and is serving 32 years in a cell shared with Bilal.	'Three inmates have been segregated while the investigation continues,' Corrective Services said.	In 2002, Skaf was sentenced to 55 years' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest.	Skaf was one of 14 mostly Muslim Lebanese Australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping Australian women and teenage girls in Sydney in the lead-up to the 2000 Olympics.	The gang members, aged between 13 and 18 years, lured the girls from shopping centres and train stations and took them to parks and public toilet blocks.	Daily Mail Australia previously reported that one of the victims was raped 25 times by a total of 14 men at Bankstown, in Sydney's west, in an ordeal that lasted six hours, during which the attackers subjected her to racist taunts.	Skaf was aged 18 at the time of his rapes and is not eligible for parole until February 11, 2033.	During the sentencing, Judge Michael Finnane described the rapes as events'you hear about or read about only in the context of wartime atrocities'.	In August that year, Skaf was moved from Sydney's Long Bay after fellow inmates threatened to inject him with HIV-infected blood they were planning to take from another prisoner.	He spent time in the High Risk Management Correctional Centre inside the Goulburn prison complex, where he was caught in 2002 trying to smuggle letters out via his visiting mother, Baria, to his then girlfriend.	They were caught and Mrs Skaf was banned from visiting her son for a time.	Skaf was later moved to a secure section of the main prison at Goulburn and into a cell he shared with his brother Mohammed, who was also convicted of the 2000 gang rapes, and sentenced to 32 years.
The parents of an 11-year-old autistic boy who miraculously survived four-and-a-half-days alone in the bush after he vanished from their favourite campground have vowed to continue holidaying at the camping spot.	Luke Shambrook, who went without food or water since Good Friday, has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one year old, his parents Rachel and Tim Shambrook revealed in an emotional press conference on Thursday.	A desperate search for Luke in the park was mounted after he disappeared from the campground on Friday.	The hunt ended on Tuesday when a police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to Luke's location.	'One thing in his favour is he has been going there since he was one-year-old, every year he's been up and down the hills and visiting the lake,' Luke's father Tim said.	Scroll down for video.	Rachel and Tim Shambrook thanked everyone for their efforts in helping to find their son Luke.	Luke Shambrook's doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long.	His relieved mother Rachel added:'He has a real sense of belonging there.	I guess that gave him lots of confidence but ultimately that place gives him lots of pleasure and that's what we are on about regarding spending time there.'	His parents believe the communities prayers and Luke's own resilience is what saw him survive the terrifying ordeal.	'Sometimes we do n't give our kids enough credit for their resilience - but he sure showed us,' Rachel said.	The moment Luke was found was captured on video, he was seen peering out from behind trees before a uniformed police officer reached him and took his hand to reassure him he was finally safe.	Tim said:'We admire everyone's professionalism, determination and commitment to finding Luke.'	The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at Lake Eildon National Park - north-east of Melbourne.	The Shambrook family with (left to right) Luke, 11, Lauren, 7, and Matthew, 10 and parents Rachel and Tim.	Luke's parents revealed he has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, where he went missing, since he was just one year old.	The couple vowed to take him back to the campground for more holidays.	'He has a real sense of belonging there,' Rachel said.	'We were acutely aware of the thousands of prayers... we felt them,' Rachel said.	The mother-of-three admitted:'We found it difficult to keep our hopes up.'	'He's showed a side of him that we knew was there but his resilience has just blown us away,' Rachel said.	'To have such an amazing outcome it's hard to express it in words.'	The parents are still at a loss to know how their son spent his long days alone in the Victorian bushland.	'If only we could have a snapshot of what his time out there in the bush was like... the concept of trying to understand what he did and how he survived is beyond what we can imagine,' Rachel said.	'We'd like to have a glimpse of what he did at night.'	Luke Shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the Victorian bushland and on Wednesday he was reunited with his rescuers at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne.	Doctors said on Wednesday they are stunned with how healthy Luke appeared when he was found.	Sitting up in his hospital bed, the young boy was greeted by two people from the search and rescue team who made the dramatic find on Tuesday, just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park.	Luke has been comforted by his family at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne and after suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when he was found.	He is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his traumatic ordeal.	A camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached Luke on the fourth day of an increasingly desperate search.	A police officer was first on the site, and he knelt down and offered Luke reassurance he was finally safe.	Other rescuers quickly followed, with one wrapping the terrified boy in a foil blanket, before he was gently taken from the bush to where he could receive proper medial attention.	Paediatrician Amy Gray said Luke was still a bit weak and tired, but asking for food.	His parents revealed he had eaten some Weetabix on Thursday and tasted his first Easter egg after completely missing the occasion over the weekend.	'It's an amazingly happy outcome after what has clearly been an incredibly stressful, traumatic experience,' Dr Gray said on Wednesday.'	I do n't know that any of us know exactly what he's been through, but... we think he's doing fabulously for someone who has been through what we can only imagine, and certainly in much better condition than what we'd expect.'	Dr Gray said he was improving with each hour and doctors did not expect him to have any ongoing physical problems from the ordeal.	'Aside from the dehydration he's tired and weak, again as you would expect, but there's no other real major physical issues at this stage,' she said.	Luke Shambrook has been found alive after he went missing from the Candlebark Campground near Lake Eildon on Friday.	He suffered from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother Rachel (pictured left).	His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss.	Luke was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, 3km from the campsite.	'He seems very content and settled in the ward and happily interacting with the family.'	Luke's autism and limited speech could mean he never reveals what happened.	'He may have been wandering around lost and clocking up the k's,' Acting Assistant Police Commissioner Rick Nugent told Fairfax Radio on Wednesday.	'I'm not sure we'll ever know.'	Mr Nugent on Tuesday said Luke's survival in the cold, wet, rugged terrain was a miracle.	SES spokesman Brent Sergeant said the more days that passed during the search for Luke, the harder it became for volunteers.	But finding the boy's beanie on Monday and realising he had walked away from water, rather than toward it, lifted their spirits.	When his parents were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance his mother gave him a big kiss.	Luke gave his father Tim a'big thumbs up' when they saw each other, the family said.	'When the rescue team found him, he was in high spirits and was walked out of the bush on his own two feet,' they said in a statement.	'The family are very happy to be reunited.'	The Candlebark Campground in Lake Eildon National Park, central Victoria, where Luke went missing on Friday.	Luke went missing near Lake Eildon is located north-east of Melbourne and is located within the national park.
Police in upstate New York determined that a suspicious package that sparked an hours-long lockdown Monday at Hamilton College did not pose any threat.	The liberal arts college in Clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place, lock doors, draw curtains and stay away from windows.	Campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated Kirner-Johnson Building were received by phone at 9.45 am.	On lockown: Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus.	Red flag: Campus officials said someone called in a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at Kirner-Johnson Building before 10am Monday.	Exodus: Police evacuated McEwen, Milbank, Babbitt, Cafe Opus and Schambach buildings.	A suspicious package was found in the Kirner-Johnson building, and K-9 dogs were on scene.	Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House.	Initially, only a part of the campus was placed on lockdown, but it was later extended to the entire school.	A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30 pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the Kirner-Johnson building.	Katey Hopper, a student at Hamilton who is the sister of a Daily Mail Online manager, said in an email that the person who called in the threat this morning mentioned multiple bombs.	The college senior told Daily Mail that police have located one suspicious package that was described as being'larger than a purse.'	By 3.30 pm, officers examined the item found at the Kirner-Johnson building and found it to be harmless.	They also investigated another item discovered nearby as a precaution and were conducting a second security sweep.	Ms Hopper, a field hockey player at Hamilton, said the unidentified suspect allegedly told school officials he or she would shoot any student seen walking around campus, but no gunman has been seen.	Police evacuated McEwen, Milbank, Babbitt, Cafe Opus and Schambach buildings while K-9 units were brought it to search the campus.	Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House.	Ms Hopper, who has been on lockdown on the north side of the campus for more than four hours, said her fellow students and staff were'on edge' but did not feel an imminent threat.	At around 12.40 am, Trooper Jack Keller said no one has been injured and there was no active shooter on campus, reported Syracuse.com.	Emergency updates: College officials have been keeping the Hamilton community abreast with the developing situations through emergency notifications.	Insititution: the private liberal arts college located 40 miles east of Syracuse, which was founded in 1793 as a boys' school, currently has 1,929 students.	Shortly before 2pm, the college announced that all classes were cancelled for the day citing the ongoing lockdown and police investigation.	According to its site, the private liberal arts college located 40 miles east of Syracuse, which was founded in 1793 as a boys' school, currently has 1,850 students.	The emergency comes just hours after Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, went into lockdown mode just before 9am over reports of an active shooter.	According to reports, one person was fatally shots and the suspect was still at large.
A police officer feared for his life when he fired the final shots in a barrage of bullets that killed two unarmed suspects, a court has heard.	Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.	He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.	Brelo's attorney Patrick D'Angelo conceded that his tactics could be called into question given that Brelo exposed himself to danger when he stepped onto the hood of a beat-up Chevy Malibu to fire 15 rounds into the windshield of the suspects' vehicle.	But Brelo and 12 officers who shot a total of 137 rounds into the car in November 2012 had ample reason to believe that Russell and Williams were shooting at them, he said.	Self defense?	Michael Brelo's attorney opened the case insisting the 31-year-old (pictured today) had reason to believe he was being shot at when he jumped on the car and shot dead Timothy Russell and Melissa Williams.	D'Angelo said he was n't calling what Brelo and the other officers did that night heroic.	'They are simple, ordinary people who try to do the best they can and are put in very dangerous situations,' he said.	Brelo, charged with voluntary manslaughter, is the only officer charged because prosecutors said he waited until after the initial salvo had ended to reload and discharge the last of the 49 rounds he fired that night.	A judge will decide whether Brelo is guilty or innocent.	He faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison if convicted.	Assistant Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Rick Bell revealed that experts have concluded that another officer fired three rounds during Brelo's 15-shot volley, something defense attorneys have argued in motions.	Bell said a medical examiner has concluded that Brelo fired'kill shots' into Russell and Williams and that they were still alive when Brelo fired from the top of a police cruiser and the trunk of the Malibu, striking Williams 11 times and Russell six times, when they were no longer a threat to anyone.	Brelo fired out of a sense of rage and vengeance after he and his partner became one of the first cars to join what would be a 19-mile chase on city streets and freeways with speeds reaching 100 mph, Bell said.	Cleveland officer Michael Brelo is facing charges after two unarmed suspects were killed in this Chevy Malibu.	Malissa Williams (left) and Timothy Russell (right) were both unarmed when they were killed in November 2012.	The prosecutor criticized Brelo and others for violating departmental policies that required permission to chase a suspect vehicle.	More than 100 Cleveland police officers in five dozen cars were involved in the chase at some point.	'His pursuit of 22 minutes described the final outcome,' Bell said of Brelo.	'He should have never been in that position to begin with.'	D'Angelo argued that Officer Wilfredo Diaz, who fired the initial rounds after Russell drove the Malibu toward him, could have killed Russell and Williams.	Those shots prompted other officers to begin firing because they believed Russell and Williams were shooting at them.	'These officers were scared to death,' D'Angelo said.	'They thought they were in a gun battle.'	The car was strafed by police gunfire after a high-speed chase over streets and freeways in and around Cleveland.	When Brelo was questioned by investigators two weeks after the shooting, he told them he did n't recall what happened.	He said:'It's possible because I was so terrified that I was going to get run over.'	'But I do n't recall that, sir.'	Rookie officer Brian Sabolik who was assigned to the same district as Brelo, told investigators he stopped firing after'someone' jumped on the hood of the Malibu.	Photos released by the Office of the Ohio Attorney General show a Cleveland cruiser sitting next to the Chevy.	Officer Sabolik said he later learned it was Brelo.	Asked how he found out, Sabolik said:'Because [ Brelo ] was talking about it.'	While Brelo claimed not to remember jumping on the hood, prosecutors have evidence to show that he did.	Investigators from the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation found footprints on the hood of the Malibu that matched a set found on the trunk and roof of a police car that Brelo had climbed on top of to fire from behind the light bar.	Brelo is currently suspended.	A judge - not a jury - will decide whether Brelo is guilty or innocent.	Brelo's defense team has argued that all 49 rounds Brelo fired that night, including the last 15, were lawful.	The threat from the pair did n't end until Brelo reached into the Malibu and removed the keys to prevent the suspects from using the car as a weapon, according to his defense.	Russell and Williams were each shot more than 20 times.	The chase started with a failed traffic stop on the edge of downtown by a plainclothes detective who never reported to dispatchers that he'd lost sight of the vehicle.	Russell then sped past Cleveland police headquarters, where his car backfired.	Officers and witnesses standing outside were certain they'd heard gunshots and a police radio call for shots fired triggered an adrenaline-fueled rush by officers to join the chase.	Brelo and his partner were two of the first officers to join the pursuit that ultimately included more than 60 police cars, 104 officers and reached at least 100mph.	In this forensics picture, bullet trajectories from the deadly shooting are marked off on the Chevy Malibu.	Investigators found footprints on the hood of the Malibu (left) that matched a set found on the trunk and roof of a police car (right) that Brelo had climbed on top of to fire from behind the light bar.	After driving into a school parking lot more than 20 minutes after the chase began, Russell turned the car around and tried to flee again - sideswiping a cruiser before coming to a stop.	Another officer, who said he feared for his life, opened fire, prompting others including Brelo to do the same.	Brelo and his partner fired 15 rounds through their own windshield and told investigators they saw dark objects in Russell's and Williams' hands.	Brelo said he left his cruiser because he said he was afraid the Malibu would hit him, even though he then crossed in front of the car to climb on top of another cruiser and open fire again.	He told investigators:' I had leapt trying to get out of the way of this car so it does n't run me over and kill me.'	Investigators eventually concluded that neither Russell nor Williams had a gun.	An exhaustive search was conducted along the route of the pursuit, including the use of a dive team to look in bodies of water, but no gun was ever found.	Regardless of the trial's outcome, the after-effects of the chase and shooting will likely endure for years to come.	The incident helped spur a US Justice Department probe that concluded Cleveland police officers have shown a pattern and practice of using excessive force.	The city and federal authorities are negotiating a consent decree to reform the police department that will cost the city millions of dollars to implement and enforce.	Cleveland has already paid $3million to the families of Russell and Williams to settle a lawsuit.
Perched on a hotel sofa barely inches from Glynis Barber, I am trying, as covertly as possible, to scrutinise her rather lovely face.	All peachy skin and thick, glossy locks, she also looks trim and toned in skinny jeans.	It's difficult to believe that in the next few months, the actress -- remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV's 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace -- will be collecting her bus pass.	From where I'm sitting, she looks barely a day over 40.	It is impossible, frankly, not to wonder whether Mother Nature has been given a, shall we say, little helping hand.	There is no'pillow face' here or unnaturally shaped eyebrows (a telltale sign).	So has she and would she?	Scroll down for video.	Then and now: Tearing up the rulebook: Glynis Barber, pictured left in 1984, and right, the actress today.	Glynis Barber, pictured at The Olivier Awards at The Royal Opera House in London last week.	It's a question that Glynis answers diplomatically.	'I am a bit surgery-phobic -- I am a total coward,' she insists.	'I do n't judge anyone for doing it -- people have to do what's right for them.	But for me a healthy lifestyle is the key.'	It's hard to argue with that sentiment.	And this, indeed, is why we are meeting.	For the past two years, under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, Glynis has changed what and how she eats -- and in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure.	She tore up her rulebook too: out went breakfast -- instead she has just two large meals a day.	Out, too, went wholegrains and she even stopped sipping water in the day, something she once swore by to stay hydrated and stave off hunger.	So convinced is she that what Fleur taught her is the key to long-lasting health and wellbeing that she has co-written a book with her, The In-Sync Diet, in which she shares their discoveries, backed up, she says, by credible new research.	'I had no idea that when I met Fleur I would drop a stone in weight and a dress size, gain lean muscle, and have vastly improved energy levels, all while turning upside down the things I previously believed in,' Glynis says.	'But that's what has happened and it's why I wanted to share it with a wider audience.'	The actress (pictured with co-star Michael Brandon) is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV's 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace.	Ironically, Glynis once thought herself the last person to need a lifestyle reboot.	Always fit, she went organic in her late 20s at a time when it was barely heard of.	'This was the 1980s so everyone thought I was mad, although it made complete sense to me,' she recalls.	'My view was it was silly to put chemicals in your body that do n't need to be there, but that was forward-thinking at the time.	It was me, Prince Charles and some hippies.	But I stuck to it.'	Glynis, married to her Dempsey And Makepeace co-star Michael Brandon, has enjoyed a busy career in theatre and TV, but two years ago started to develop unexplained joint pain and was advised by her osteopath to see Fleur.	'I was actually pretty resistant at first as I thought the one thing I know is how to eat properly,' she explains.	But Fleur thought differently.	'One by one she busted a lot of the myths that were a cornerstone of my diet.'	First to face scrutiny was Glynis's fondness for wholegrains.	'I was surprised as I knew about processed grains but I thought wholewheat was fine, until Fleur explained that it creates inflammation in the gut.	She told me to cut them out.'	Aging well: Glynis, pictured left in her 30s, will be celebrate turning 60 soon, but she looks barely a day over 40.	It meant a gluten-free diet -- not easy for a self-confessed'breadaholic'.	Pasta was also jettisoned, replaced by protein and vegetables.	'At first I thought, "I ca n't do this,"' she explains.	'But now I do n't miss them at all.	I eat salmon, eggs, nuts, organic turkey and salads.'	And it was not just what she ate but when that Fleur also changed.	Glynis ate little and often in the belief it kept her blood sugar levels regulated.	But Fleur told her that cutting out breakfast altogether and eating two large meals a day was a better way of regulating her metabolism.	This is backed up by new research into intermittent fasting, which shows that better weight control can be achieved with long periods without eating -- popularised by the 5:2 diets, in which you consume very few calories for two days of the week and eat a normal, balanced diet the rest of the time.	Some studies have found the same benefits -- which also include lower cholesterol and blood pressure -- might be gained by daily'fasts' achieved by eating dinner then nothing else until lunch the next day.	Then came what Glynis drank.	'I was one of those people who walked around clutching a water bottle and sipping at it throughout the day,' she says.	'But new research shows that drinking little and often actually does n't help the cells replenish properly.	It's far better to drink a large glass of water when you're thirsty.'	Glynis tore up her rulebook too: out went breakfast and she even stopped sipping water in the day, something she once swore by to stay hydrated and stave off hunger.	Initially cynical, Glynis says she was amazed by how easy it was to adapt.	'What I was trying to overturn were the habits of a lifetime and I thought it would be incredibly hard, but it honestly took a matter of weeks.	It's not set in stone either.	If I want the odd blowout, or I really fancy breakfast, then I have it.'	Aided by her regular cardio and hot yoga sessions, she believes she is in better shape than she was 20 years ago.	'I have always been fit but I used to get incredibly tired.	Now I am bursting with energy.'	And, Glynis insists, she is less likely to scrutinise herself.	'I actually feel less vain now than I did in my youth.	I'm very comfortable in my skin and I'm really not hung up on age at all.	You ca n't do anything about your chronological age, but how you age is up to you.'	The In-Sync Diet, by Glynis Barber and Fleur Borrelli, is published by Autharium on Friday.	The actress follows a gluten-free diet, with food like pasta jettisoned, replaced by protein and vegetables.	Why hydration is key.	By Barney Calman, Health Editor.	We should all drink at least two litres of water a day -- about eight glasses.	If we do, we'll be slimmer, have better skin, fewer health problems and the like.	Right?	Well, no, actually.	The whole two-litres-a-day idea is based on no real scientific evidence.	In fact, one of the only studies to suggest its benefits was sponsored by, you've guessed it, a mineral water firm.	Dehydration can be fatal, and in the case of the elderly, sick children or those with other health problems, a watchful eye should be kept on water intake.	But in normal, healthy adults, the body is well adapted to make sure this does n't happen.	If you drink too little, you get thirsty, and go to the loo less.	If you drink a lot, you generally pee it all out.	And in fact, the best way to make sure is to check the colour of your urine.	Ideally, it should be a shade of pale straw and no darker.
A year after he launched his own app and made headlines, Leo Grand is still homeless.	On the night he launched his first app, a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change.'	I can work at Google, I can work at SpaceX,' Leo Grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app Trees for Cars went live.	'This will change my life in a magnificent way.'	It's been a year and a half since that moment led to Grand and his mentor, Patrick McConlogue, becoming media sensations.	But Trees for Cars is no longer available, and Grand is still homeless, Mashable reported.	In August 2013 McConlogue offered Grand, the homeless man he saw every day on his walk to work in New York City, a deal: He would either give him $100, or he would teach him how to code.	Grand realized he could go through' $100 in a few days' and instead jumped at the opportunity to learn something new that he could then'turn into something more,' he told Business Insider in 2013.	McConlogue provided Grand with daily lessons, as well as a laptop, wireless hot spot, coding books, a solar charger and office space at the start-up where he worked once it got too cold to type outside.	Grand, who once said he was n't'the average homeless person' and that he considered himself'eco-friendly', came up with an app designed to get more cars off the road.	'When I first launched my app it was good,' Grand told Mashable this week.'	I was excited, the press was excited, it was just a great moment.'	Grand and McConlogue appeared on TV shows, and he says people loved him everywhere and gave him free coffee at restaurants.	Being on NBC, he said, was the highlight of his year.	'We got to stay in a nice hotel at Rockefeller Plaza.	A nice, swanky hotel.	We got the red carpet rolled out in front of us!'	he said.	But Grand is still living on the streets, and he said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.	Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons.	Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books.	But Grand is still living on the streets.	He said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.	Trees for Cars only made Grand between $10,000 to 15,000 dollars, he said.	And McConlogue has since taken a job in San Francisco, although he still meets up with Grand every time he's back in New York.	The app is no longer in online stores because Grand does not want to pay for its server space.	Grand instead uses the money he made from the app to pay for his storage space.	He also keeps some possessions in a shopping cart.	He insists that he likes living outdoors, although he said he plans to move into an apartment after he makes his second app.	Grand said if he could do it all over again, he would have made a different app the first time around.'	I would've probably come up with a better idea for a mobile application that can generate a ton of revenue,' he told Mashable.	For now, Grand said he does not code everyday anymore.	He said'life' is the reason for that.	'I've got the books, I've got the laptop, I've got the office space.	I just have n't been able to get over there recently.'	Grand, who gets by with welding jobs and worked for MetLife until he lost his job in 2011, once said the most hurtful thing someone could say to him was that he was dumb or not intelligent.	'Homelessness is not a feature of someone or a condition,' McConlogue said.	'It is something that people put a lot of people - in a lot of different situations - into one giant box.'	Grand said if he could do it all over again, he would have'come up with a better ideal' that would have generated more revenue.	He said he only made around $10-15,000 with Trees for Cars.
Hillary Clinton ended her whirlwind New Hampshire campaign swing on Tuesday afternoon in another state entirely, taking taxpayers for an 80 miles-per-hour ride all the way to Boston -- to catch a flight with first class seats.	Her Secret Service-provided'Scooby' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts.	She arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C. On the way, her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination.	The Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats.	The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach.	SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS.	First class: Hillary (seated at the front, right) traveled in luxury from Boston to Washington, seated next to chief of staff Huma Abedin, after a high-speed dash to Logan International Airport.	Clinton and her entourage flew on a commercial US Airways Shuttle flight on Tuesday, and the Secret Service took care of the cars at curbside.	'Scooby' is seen next to the Terminal B sign with its side door open.	ARRIVAL: Hillary was flanked by her security after she landed at Washington Reagan National Airport near DC, insisting that she had n't booked the first class tickets herself -- but staring ahead wordlessly when asked about the deadly Benghazi terror attack.	NEW HAMPSHIRE?	No, it's Massachusetts: Mrs. Clinton's motorcade, including her custom conversion van (center, in the distance), arrived just before 4:15 p.m. at Boston Logan International Airport.	SLICK: Just a day earlier, Clinton's motorcade zipped along wet New Hampshire roads at 92 mph so she could make a dinner party on time.	Clinton told Daily Mail Online when she reached Washington and was asked why her security detail drove the extra miles at taxpayer expense:'You know, I do n't make the travel arrangements.	I do n't.'	She went silent, however, when asked if she would be ready soon to address public concerns about her performance as secretary of state before and after the 2012 terror attack that claimed four lives in Benghazi, Libya.	Asked if she had made mistakes in the legacy-tarnishing episode, Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service escort, and said nothing.	In New Hampshire, she had spent much of her time railing against America's richest' 1 per cent,' but ultimately took the priciest seat to Washington that she could buy without chartering a private plane.	During her trip she said of the wealthy:'The deck is stacked in their favor.	My job is to reshuffle the cards.'	According to The New York Times, she spoke to a group of economists earlier this year about'toppling' the country's financial elites if she were elected president.	KISS THE RING: Hillary Clinton met Tuesday with Mary Louise Hancock, the grand dame of New Hampshire liberal politics and a woman who wields enormous grassroots organizing power in the Granite State.	After a carefully stage-managed morning event at a community college near the state capitol, Clinton held two private meetings, and then bolted to Boston at speeds 25 mph over the limit posted along portions of Interstate 93.	At least the roads were dry.	Less than 24 hours earlier, her Secret Service drivers led reporters on a 92-mph race through New Hampshire on a rain-slicked freeway so Mrs. Clinton could arrive at a dinner event by 7:00 p.m..	The Airbus 319 series aircraft took Clinton and her closest aide Huma Abedin back to Washington in comfort.	The two women had the very front seats on the flight.	A Massachusetts state trooper and a Secret Service agent greeted passengers on the jetway, providing the first hint that there was a VIP on board.	Clinton's choice to fly out of Boston instead of Manchester could anger southern New Hampshire voters who tire of being told they are little more than a Boston exurb.	There is no meaningful Massachusetts presidential primary election.	SCOOBY!	Clinton's ubiquitous van left Hancock's home Tuesday afternoon en route to the New Hampshire Democratic Party headquarters.	FAREWELL: Hillary Clinton waves at the end of her final campaign stop in New Hampshire, before hitting the road to Boston at speeds of up to 80mph.	LAST STOP: Clinton's hopeful New Hampshire trip ended not with a nod to everyday Americans, but with a bow to Democratic Party insiders at the NHDP headquarters.	Clinton's first afternoon meeting came at the home of Mary Louise Hancock, the 95-year-old grand dame of New Hampshire Democratic politics.	The significance of the get-together is real: Democrats seeking any major office in the Granite State have sought her counsel and kissed her ring for decades.	Her second meeting was an hours-long affair at the New Hampshire Democratic Party headquarters, which hosted her while a crowd of reporters and photographers waited in vain for her to answer questions.	While still more journalists lay in wait under the shadow of the state Capitol dome, Clinton's entourage went the other way, southward, boxing out motorists who tried to share their chosen slice of the road.	It's not clear who drove Scooby and its two companion SUVs away from the Boston airport.	All three vehicles were still curbside 45 minutes after Clinton arrived.	IN CONCORD: Hillary Clinton smiled after a roundtable conversation with students and faculty of New Hampshire Technical Institute, the community college local to Concord, New Hampshire.
Apple is thought to have sold more than one million of its smartwatches in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order.	But UK buyers who are prepared to wait to get their hands on the eagerly anticipated wearable may want to snap up an Apple Watch on holiday, because Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy one.	The most expensive Edition model costs up to # 2,500 more in the UK compared to elsewhere in the world, while at the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to # 63 more for the Sport model.	Britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the Apple Watch.	The three models are pictured above.	The Sport, shown left is round # 63 more expensive in the UK than the US and there is a difference in price of over # 1,230 when it comes to the luxurious Watch Edition (right).	The gadget is available to pre-order in nine countries.	The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version and costs # 299 in the UK.	In the US, the same model costs $349, but this does n't include sales tax.	Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold, but as an example California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero.	With both of these sales taxes added to the price of the Sports model in the US, the total cost works out at $380.41 (# 257) and $349 (# 236) in the respective states.	This is a difference of # 42 when bought in California, compared to the UK, and # 63 when compared to Montana.	The effect is magnified for the top-of-the-range Edition version, which costs from # 8,000 for the 38mm model in Britain, compared to a starting price of $10,000 in the US.	At the time of writing, $10,000 converts to # 6,769 - which equates to a difference of # 1,231 before charges are taken into account.	The most expensive version of the 38mm edition in the UK is # 13,500 in the UK, and $17,000 in the US.	When sales taxes are added to the US model, the price rises to $18,530 in California, which converts to # 12,543 - a difference of # 957.	All prices shown in the table above are for the most expensive option in each model and region.	Prices also include all relevant sales taxes.	Beneath each foreign price is the conversion rate in GBP.	In the US, California was chosen because it has one of the highest sales taxes at 9%, while Montana was chosen for the opposite end of the scale because it does n't have a sales tax.	Quebec in Canada has one of the highest sales taxes at 15%, while Alberta has one of the lowest at 5%.	Prices and conversions were correct at the time of writing.	But the difference is n't just visible between the UK and US.	In Australia, for example, the most expensive 38mm Edition costs $21,000 AUD, which converts to # 10,832 - a difference of around # 2,665 compared to the UK.	In fact, during MailOnline investigations the UK price for all three models of the watch, in both sizes with all sales taxes included, still works out more expensive in all the other regions where the watch is currently available for pre-order.	The only places the Watch works out cheaper in the UK is when it's compared to the most expensive 42mm Edition model in Australia and China, or the 38mm Edition in Quebec and China.	Explaining the price differences, Apple told MailOnline:'UK prices include VAT.	US prices do n't include sales tax.'	Sales tax is calculated by multiplying the purchase price by the tax rate, which varies widely by jurisdiction, and ranges from zero to around 15 per cent in Canada.	The gadget is now available in nine countries, with the cheapest model -- the 38mm Sport version costing # 299 in the UK.	Here, Apple Watch fans in Beijing looking at the devices behind glass and on a display stand.	The Apple Watch will go on sale in Apple shops and selected department stores on April 24.	It will initially be available in Europe, China, Australia, Canada, Japan and America.	It comes in three different versions - Sport, Watch and Edition - with each one made from different materials, such as anodized aluminium, stainless steel and 18 karat yellow or rose gold.	Customers can choose either a 38mm or 42mm face, with an estimated battery of around 18 hours.	These price discrepancies do n't just apply to Apple products, however.	MailOnline recently compared prices for the Sony PlayStation 4, GoPro Hero4 Silver edition action camera, Samsung Galaxy Gear 2 Neo in black and the Apple iPad Air 2.	The US is also the cheapest place to buy the 38mm Apple Watch, where it costs $549 (# 366) - # 110 cheaper than in the UK where it's on sale for # 479.	The watch has already gone on display in Apple stores across these regions, as well as in Galeries Lafayette in Paris (pictured), Isetan in Tokyo and Selfridges in London.	Prices were compared on both the UK and US Amazon sites, plus PC World in the UK and Best Buy in the US -- with all taxes and VAT included.	At the time of the research, the PlayStation 4 cost # 327 from Amazon UK and # 349 from PC World.	This was compared to $435 in the US, which converts to # 272.	For the GoPro Hero 4 camera, prices were closer between the two countries, but UK customers still paid up to # 17 more for the device.	In terms of the Samsung Gear 2 Neo, prices ranged from # 135 ($216) on the American Amazon site up to # 190 on its UK equivalent.	And Apple's price discrepancy does n't just apply to its own store.	Customers buying the Apple iPad Air 2 from other retailers pay # 399 in the UK at PC World, compared to # 340 ($544) at Best Buy in the US.	MailOnline compared prices for the Sony PlayStation 4, GoPro Hero4 Silver, Samsung Galaxy Gear 2 Neo, and Apple iPad Air 2.	Prices were compared on UK and US Amazon sites, PC World in the UK and Best Buy in US - with all taxes and VAT included.	Prices are shown in pounds and are correct at the time of writing.
Nick Gunn: He had affairs with women on his rounds.	A councillor who stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with the postman was yesterday found guilty of attempted murder.	Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity.	But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.	While his wife last night refused to discuss her unfaithful husband, a former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his rounds.	She also told how when she confronted him about the affair, he confessed that he had cheated on a previous partner with a woman he had been delivering post to.	Mr Gunn started an affair with Mrs O'Riordan last year and the romance led to her husband placing a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her movements.	The couple had been married for ten years and had attended the Queen's garden party in 2013 for O'Riordan's work on the Diamond Jubilee celebrations.	Yesterday he showed no emotion as a jury took just two hours and ten minutes to reach a unanimous verdict and find him guilty of trying to kill his wife.	Brighton Crown Court had heard how he repeatedly stabbed his wife in their bedroom on October 22 last year, after arguing about the affair.	The pair lived in a ground floor flat where Mrs O'Riordan worked as an estate manager on a residential home in Polegate, East Sussex.	Mrs O'Riordan and Mr Gunn -- nicknamed'Tommy' by friends and family -- had known each other for a number of years when he lived in the Sussex village and worked as a postman.	Guilty: Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed his wife Amanda, 47, (pictured together above) nine times with a kitchen knife at the home they shared in Polegate, East Sussex, after discovering her affair with postman Nick Gunn.	Last year -- despite having married three years ago and having moved with his wife Sara Saunders to Portslade, near Brighton -- Mr Gunn and Mrs O'Riordan became lovers.	But she was not his first, it is claimed.	A 39-year-old former partner, who did not want to be named, said:'We split up because he was having an affair.	I saw that he had made a comment on Facebook about a'lover' and I knew he was n't talking about me so I confronted him.	'He admitted he had been sleeping with a woman he had been delivering post to.	He told me that something similar had happened with a previous girlfriend as well.	We were together for six years, and this might have happened more than once.	I did n't find out until July 2011.'	After that affair Mr Gunn married schoolteacher Miss Saunders, who said last night:'I'm still married to him at the moment and I'm not interested in talking about him.'	O'Riordan (left) was convicted of attempted murder today after a jury took just two hours and ten minutes to unanimously find him guilty of trying to kill his wife with a nine-inch kitchen knife (right) in October last year.	O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council when he grew suspicious that his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an affair and hired a private investigator to follow her which confirmed her relationship with Mr Gunn.	Mr Gunn has a Facebook page and describes himself on Twitter as:' A Gamer, a Lover, a Postman and a friend of Death.'	As the affair developed last year, O'Riordan first hired a detective to watch his wife and then set up a GPS tracker on her car.	The # 300 tracker reported back via text to O'Riordan's phone whenever his wife left home and gave the exact location of her vehicle.	On one day alone on October 9 the tracker sent a total of 35 notifications to O'Riordan as his wife visited Mr Gunn at his then home in Portslade.	O'Riordan used to run nightclubs in the South East before he retired and was also a councillor in East Sussex and became president of his local Royal British Legion.	Mrs O'Riordan was a 23-year-old divorcee when she met the older O'Riordan in 1991.	They married in 2004 and were seen by many friends as the'perfect, loving couple'.	Friends and family of Mrs O'Riordan arrived at Brighton Magistrates' Court (left) for the verdict today while O'Riordan's son Liam - from a previous marriage - also attended the hearing to see his father convicted.	But as O'Riordan became older his wife essentially became his'carer' and the court heard how she wanted more'freedom'.	Prosecutor Dale Sullivan said O'Riordan had'clearly lied' when he told police officers repeatedly that he had stabbed his wife because he had'just found out she was having an affair'.	In reality he had known for weeks that she was seeing Mr Gunn.	When Mrs O'Riordan gave evidence last week she did so from behind a screen so she did not have to see O'Riordan.	She told the court:' I loved Joe.	I did n't want to hurt him.	I never wanted to hurt him -- even now.'	O'Riordan is due to be sentenced today.	Mr Gunn was unavailable for comment.	O'Riordan will be sentenced for attempted murder at Brighton Crown Court (pictured above) tomorrow.
This is the moment that two total strangers who could pass for identical twins came face to face for the first time.	Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old student and TV presenter, found her 29-year-old doppleganger after she teamed up with two friends to launch a project called Twin Strangers.	The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days and it attracted submissions to their website'twin-strangers.	com from across the world.	Scroll down for video.	This is the moment that Niamh Geaney, right, met her doppleganger, Karen Branigan, left for the first time.	They meet!'	I was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me' Niamh (right) said about Karen (left).	Incredibly, Miss Geaney, of Dublin found Karen Branigan in just two weeks - just an hour away.	After their first meeting she said:'I was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me.	'For the duration of our encounter I pretty much stared at her.	I could n't get over her face.	'And some of the expressions she would pull I would think to myself or say aloud, "Oh my God that's my face".	I ca n't remember the number of times I said "this is so freaky".	It was truly amazing.	'I would say Karen is the shyer of the two of us,' said Miss Geaney.	'But then you have to remember this was an even more surreal experience for her than it was for me.	I'm the weirdo that contacted Karen and asked her to meet me.'	Uncanny: Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old student from Dublin (left), found her'twin stranger' in Karen Branigan (right), through a social media campaign she launched with friends.	'For the entire duration of our encounter I pretty much stared at her.	I could n't get over her face,' said Niamh (left).	Miss Branigan, who is currently in between jobs, has five sisters and a brother.	Miss Greaney has two sisters, and both girls agree that none of their siblings look anywhere near as similar to them as they do to one another.	Since meeting, Miss Greaney and Miss Branigan - who are both single - say they've been chatting on Facebook'constantly'.	Karen (right) turned out to be a fellow Ireland native who lived just an hour down the road from Niamh (left), making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together.	She added,'Some of the expressions she would pull I would think to myself or say aloud, "Oh my God that's my face"' While Miss Geaney appears to have beaten her fellow Twin Strangers participants, 21-year-old Harry and 22-year-old Terence, hands down, the search is n't over until April 27.'	I think I have a two, maybe three at a push who resemble me.	But they're definitely not as close a match as Karen to Niamh,' Harry English said.	'I'm trailing further behind,' admits Terence Manzanga.	'Must be a guy thing.	They tend to be a bit too shy to participate.	Not sure if being originally from sub-Saharan Africa has anything to do with it!'	Niamh (right) said she and Karen (left) got on'very well' as they both applied make-up before the shoot, swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities (pictured).	Friends for life?	Since meeting, Niamh (right) and Karen (left) - who are both single - say they've been chatting on Facebook'constantly' Feedback: Shocked reactions to Karen and Niamh's story have flooded in from far and wide.	Challenge: Niamh's (right) fellow Twin Strangers participants, 21-year-old Harry (left) and 22-year-old Terence (centre), are still looking for their doppelgängers, and the search is n't over until April 27.	Miss Geaney, who is still promoting the project across social media with Harry and Terence as interest spreads, says there will be no prize for the winner, just'pride'.	They are inviting others from around the world to join in too now, by adding users' photos to their Facebook album.	'There is a huge human curiosity element to it,' She said.	'Can you imagine how surreal it would be to meet someone who looked exactly like you?'	Only last month the Mail revealed how retired priest Neil Richardson was greeted with waves and'hello John' greetings when he moved to Braintree, Essex, 18 months ago because residents mistook him for 74-year-old lookalike John Jemison.
The fatal shooting of an unarmed black man fleeing from a police officer has stirred outrage around the nation, but people in this South Carolina city are n't surprised.	They call it inevitable in a police department they believe focuses on petty crimes and fails to keep its officers in check.	There is almost nothing in Michael Thomas Slager's police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light.	People in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain.	Scroll down for video.	Residents of the Charleston, South Carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police.	Above, a friend of Scott's at a memorial.	The officer who shot Scott, Michael Slager, had little in his file to suggest excessive force.	Above, two men pray at the memorial.	'We've had through the years numerous similar complaints, and they all seem to be taken lightly and dismissed without any obvious investigation,' the Rev. Joseph Darby, vice president of the Charleston branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, said Thursday.	The mostly black neighborhood in North Charleston where Slager fired eight shots at the back of Walter Lamer Scott on Saturday is far from unique in this regard, said Melvin Tucker, a former FBI agent and police chief in four southern cities who often testifies in police misconduct cases.	Nationwide, training that pushes pre-emptive action, military experience that creates a warzone mindset, and legal system favoring police in misconduct cases all lead to scenarios where officers see the people they serve as enemies, he said.	'It's not just training.	It's not just unreasonable fear.	It's not just the warrior mentality.	It's not just court decisions that almost encourage the use of it.	It is not just race,' Tucker said.	'It is all of that.'	Both Slager, 33, and Scott, 55, were US Coast Guard veteran.	Slager had the dismissed excessive force complaint and Scott had been jailed repeatedly for failing to pay child support, but neither man had a record of violence.	Video captured by a bystander to the shooting showed Slager fire eight shots at the back of Scott as he ran away.	Original statements from Slager said that he felt threatened by Scott, though video released appears to contradict the police account of the incident.	A dash cam video from police shows Scott running away from his car during a traffic stop for a broken tail light.	Slager consistently earned positive reviews in his five years with the North Charleston Police.	His new attorney, Andy Savage, said Thursday that he's conducting his own investigation, and that it's'far too early for us to be saying what we think.'	Slager's first attorney said he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force, but swiftly dropped him after the dead man's family released a bystander's video of the shooting.	The officer, whose wife is eight months pregnant, is being held without bond pending an August 21 hearing on a charge of murder that could put him in prison for 30 years to life if convicted.	A steady crowd left flowers, stuffed animals, notes and protest signs Thursday in the empty lot where Scott was gunned down.	Many said police in South Carolina's third-largest city routinely dismiss complaints of petty brutality and harassment, even when eyewitnesses can attest to police misbehavior.	Scott (left) and Slager (right) were both Coast Guard veterans.	Slager is being held without bond on a murder charge.	POLICE VERSION.	Police officer Michael Slager said in a statement earlier this week that his encounter with Walter Scott began at around 9.30 am on Saturday.	He said he pulled Scott's Mercedes over as a routine traffic stop for a broken brake light.	He said Scott then ran away into a vacant grassy lot where, at some point during the chase, the victim confronts Slager.	The officer then tried to use his Taser to subdue Scott, but claims the suspect grabbed the stun gun during the struggle, according to the statement.	According to police reports, Slager fired the stun gun, but it did not stop Scott.	At that point, the officer fired at Scott several times because he'felt threatened,' Slager's statement said.	He added that his actions were in line with procedure.	Police then said Slager reported on his radio moments after the struggle:'Shots fired and the subject is down.	He took my Taser.'	His department said the officers then performed CPR and delivered first aid to the victim.	WHAT THE VIDEO SHOWS.	Slager's account has been called into question after the video appears to show him shooting Scott in the back.	The footage begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after Slager fires his Taser.	Wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from Scott's body.	As Scott turns to run, Slager draws his pistol and, only when he is 15 to 20 feet away, starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back.	The video shows Slager handcuffing Scott's lifeless body.	Footage then appears to show Slager jogging back to the point where the Taser fell to the ground, bringing it over to Scott's body around 30 feet away and dropping it next to him.	It is only after two-and-a-half minutes that Slager is seen placing his hand on Scott's neck in an apparent attempt to check his pulse.	A black colleague then arrives and puts on blue medical gloves before handling the body, but is not seen performing first aid.	They are joined by a third officer, who also does not appear to tend to the victim.	The result, they say, is that officers are regarded with a mixture of distrust and fear.	Slager's file includes a single excessive use-of-force complaint, from 2013: A man said Slager used his stun gun against him without reason.	But Slager was exonerated and the case closed, even though witnesses told The Associated Press that investigators never followed up with them.	'It's almost impossible to get an agency to do an impartial internal affairs investigation,' Tucker said /.	'First of all the investigators doing it are co-workers of the person being investigated.	Number two, there's always the tendency on the part of the departments to believe the officers.'	Mario Givens, the man who accused Slager of excessive force in 2013, told the AP that Slager woke him before dawn by loudly banging on his front door, and saying'Come outside or I'll tase you!''	I did n't want that to happen to me, so I raised my arms over my head, and when I did, he tased me in my stomach anyway,' Givens said.	Mario Givens (pictured) filed an excessive force complaint against Slager in 2013, but he was not interviewed and no witnesses were questioned.	'They never told me how they reached the conclusion.	Never.	They never contacted anyone from that night.	No one from the neighborhood.'	Givens said he's convinced Scott's death could have been prevented if Slager had been disciplined in his case.	'If they had just listened to me and investigated what happened that night, this man might be alive today,' he said.	Darby also wonders if Saturday's fatal shooting might have turned out differently had the department thoroughly investigated the 2013 Taser complaint.'	I think he would have been rebuked instead of fired,' Darby said.	'But maybe it changes the way he sees things.'	Darby and other civil rights leaders want North Charleston to create an independent citizens review board to review complaints against police, since'law enforcement is going to almost always give itself the benefit of the doubt.'	Such boards are few and far between in South Carolina.	North Charleston police spokesman Spencer Pryor said Wednesday that the department now plans to review Givens' complaint, although he would n't say what difference that could make now.
An armed man has been arrested after kidnapping a woman, shooting and killing Census Bureau guard and leading police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded.	Ronald Anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his'visibly afraid' girlfriend, according to court documents obtained on Friday.	It all took place on his birthday.	Anderson was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington, D.C., suburb of Prince George's County, according to court records.	He was released the day of his arrest.	Scroll down for video.	Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase on before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left the suspect and a police officer wounded.	Anderson had previously been convicted with manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his'visibly afraid' girlfriend.	The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known.	The officer responding to a domestic dispute call said that the man's girlfriend was clearly afraid.	'The victim was shaking, crying and was whispering while speaking because she was afraid of the suspect hearing her,' the officer wrote, according to the documents.	The woman, whose 10-month-old son was home, told police that Anderson had hit her several times, knocking her into walls, because he thought she was looking at another man, the records say.	Another court record filed in D.C. Superior Court shows that Anderson pleaded guilty to manslaughter while armed in 1991 in Washington, D.C. No other details were immediately available about that case.	Anderson's attorney's phone number rang busy Friday.	He has been charged with armed kidnapping and assault on a police officer in Thursday's spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition.	More serious charges could follow in the jurisdiction where the guard was killed.	Anderson turned 48 the same day as the shooting.	A drug charge related to his February case had been set for a dismissal hearing Friday, but that was canceled.	The trial on the assault charge is set for July.	The officer and suspect, who has not been named, were both conscious when they were taken for medical care, D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier told a news conference.	Police search a parking garage on the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters campus for the armed man.	The wounded officer is recovering.	The Census Bureau guard who was shot, Lawrence Buckner, 59, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7.19 pm Thursday.	Anderson turned 48 the same day as the shooting.	A drug charge related to his February case had been set for a dismissal hearing Friday, but that was canceled.	The trial on the assault charge is set for July.	Buckner had served for about eight years in the U.S. Army and worked in the security field for more than two decades, according to a Friday statement from Hunt Valley, Maryland-based company Master Security, where Buckner was a contractor working for the federal government.	He leaves behind a wife, son and four grandchildren as well as a large extended family.	D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier told a news conference a guard at a gate of the U.S. Census Bureau in Suitland, Maryland, saw two people fighting in a car that matched the description of a vehicle described in a report of an armed kidnapping about six miles away in northeast Washington.	When the guard approached the car, the man shot him and took off, crossing the border into the nation's capital and firing at D.C. police who had begun to chase him, Lanier said.	He fired again at them during the chase before police blocked him and collided with his car, Lanier said.	The shooting was not terrorism-related, FBI Baltimore spokeswoman Amy J. Thoreson told The Associated Press in an email.	The police chief confirmed that.	Officers guard the U.S. Census Bureau building after reports that a federal officer had been shot.	Cornered, the suspect opened fire again and police shot back.	During the exchange of gunfire, both the suspect and an officer were wounded, she said.	'We have every reason to believe that the car we have... is the same car involved' in the kidnapping, the shooting at the Census Bureau, and the shooting at police, Lanier said.	Police said in a news release that the woman who was allegedly kidnapped was found safe.	The shooting was not terrorism-related, FBI Baltimore spokeswoman Amy J. Thoreson told The Associated Press in an email.	The police chief confirmed that.	'We believe this was domestic related,' she said.	The shooting'was a tragic and scary event for the Census Bureau family,' agency Director John Thompson said in a Friday statement.	'We know the situation last night was tense, especially for the hundreds of employees who sheltered in the building and in their cars for several hours not knowing when the incident would be over,' he said.	Suzanne Spaulding, the undersecretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate in the Department of Homeland Security, wrote in an e-mail to employees on Friday morning'Officer Buckner fatally placed himself in harm's way to ensure the employees and occupants of the facility remained safe against this criminal activity,' reports the Washington Post.	The gate that leads to Census Bureau remains closed where a guard was shot and killed on Thursday.	The shooter then led police on a car chase through Maryland and Washington, before being cornered and exchanging gunfire with and a police leaving one officer wounded.
A host of the nation's favourite stars have been announced to perform at a concert to mark the 70th anniversary of VE Day.	Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform at the event.	It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War, running from Friday, May 8 to Sunday, May 10.	Concert: Status Quo will perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of VE Day.	Members Rick Parfitt (pictured left) and Francis Rossi (right).	Katherine Jenkins will be West End star Elaine Paige, boy band Blue, R&B singer Jamelia, pop star Pixie Lott, jazz vocalist Gregory Porter and tenor Alfie Boe.	Other stars include boy band Blue, R&B singer Jamelia, pop star Pixie Lott, jazz vocalist Gregory Porter and tenor Alfie Boe.	The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1, hosted by Chris Evans.	The singers will be joined by four Strictly Come Dancing couples and readings from Pointless host Alexander Armstrong and Absolutely Fabulous actress Jane Horrocks.	The extensive commemoration is a victory for the Daily Mail which highlighted growing concerns that the anniversary risked being overshadowed by the election on May 7.	Singer Dame Vera Lynn, the 98-year-old Forces' Sweetheart, was among those who called on the Government to do more to mark the occasion.	It is likely to be the last major anniversary which will be attended in strength by the generation that fought at home and abroad during the war.	David Cameron asked Cabinet minister William Hague in February to draw up plans for three days of national commemorations and last month Chancellor George Osborne earmarked up to # 2million in the Budget towards marking the event.	The timing of the anniversary makes it even more of an extraordinary occasion, starting the day after a general election which is likely to result in another hung Parliament.	The 1940s-themed concert will also include readings from Pointless host Alexander Armstrong (left) and Absolutely Fabulous actress Jane Horrocks (right).	Ministers and their shadows are likely to gather for celebrations not knowing for sure who will be in power of the country after coalition negotiations.	The three-day commemoration will begin with a Service of Remembrance on VE Day (May 8) at The Cenotaph and a national two-minute silence at 3pm, marking the moment Winston Churchill broadcast his historic speech formally announcing the end of the war in 1945.	A chain of more 100 beacons will be lit across the country in the evening.	Ahead of the star-studded concert on the Saturday, sports fans will honour the day with clapping and singing during fixtures and cathedrals are encouraged to ring their bells in celebration at 11am.	On the Sunday there will be a Service of Thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey attended by The Queen, followed by a parade to St James's Park, where the Royal British Legion will host a lunch reception for 2,000 veterans.	People across the country are encouraged to host street parties and deck out homes and community halls with bunting to recreate the celebrations of 70 years ago.	Tickets for the concert'VE Day 70: A Party to Remember' are on sale from 8am today for # 36.75 on websites Live Nation or Ticketmaster.
The shocking moment cyclists dodged the safety barriers at a level crossing to race through the path of a speeding train has been caught on camera.	During the Paris-Roubaix race - Sir Bradley Wiggins' last for Team Sky - competitors approached a crossing over a train track.	But as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through, the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds on their rivals - and putting their lives at risk.	Scroll down for video.	Cyclists weave and dodge the safety barriers to gain precious seconds on the race, despite the oncoming train.	A tired looking Sir Bradley Wiggins sits in the Roubaix Velodrome after coming 18th in his final race for Sky.	A cyclist nips across the track in spite of the police warning - and seconds before a train passes through.	The racers are still on the edge of their seats as they wait for the train to pass and level crossings to rise.	A policeman on a motorbike pulls up to take charge of the situation and stop more cyclists risking their safety for the race - yet another three daredevils slip past him and onto the crossing.	Mere seconds later a TGV rushes along the train tracks.	BBC sports commentator Rob Hayles said the competitors had had a close shave.	'This could have ended in disaster.	You could see riders nipping across but that train was n't slowing down', he said.	Around 85km into the race, the cyclists desperately try to cross the traintracks before the barriers descend.	Sir Bradley Wiggins took part in the race - renowned for its demanding route - for the last time for Team Sky.	Cyclists who did cross the rail-tracks could yet be disqualified from the race, as they are expressly banned from crossing a level crossing when the barriers are down.	The one-day road race, which runs from Compiègne, 50 miles outside Paris, to the northern town of Roubaix, was won by German cyclist John Degenkolb.	The race is known for its challenging 254km route, which includes 27 cobbled sections and level crossings.	It was the last time British Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins would compete for Team Sky, and told their official site before the race it was a great way to finish.	Riding in his final race for Team Sky, the Olympic and World time-trial champion failed to win the prestigious Paris-Roubaix one-day race.	'It's probably the only race other than the Tour de France where riders plug on to get to the finish.	he said.	'Even if I've been dropped or crashed, I'll ride on with a broken collarbone just to come into the velodrome as it's my last race.	No other race would be like that.'	During the race his teammate Geriant Thomas - who managed to avoid the level crossing incident - suffered a puncture.	It was a fitting end for Wiggins, who was among the first riders to join Team Sky for its inaugural season in 2010.	Mathias Hamar shared the competition rules on Twitter - stating that it is'strictly forbidden' for cyclists to cross level crossing.	Offending riders should be disqualified from the competition, the rules add.	'Riders plug on to get to the finish', Sir Wiggins said before the race - where cyclists risked life and limb to cross a closed level crossing and beat the pack.	This was his final race with Team Sky.	Fans created a special sign for Sir Wiggins, who in 2012 was the first British cyclist to win the Tour de France.	Showing appreciation: Fans hold a sign thanking Wiggins at the Roubaix Velodrome at the end of the race.
The girlfriend of a British man who bled to death in Thailand after injuring himself kicking a mirror in the bar where she works has denied having anything to do with the incident.	Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Nilobon Patty in a separate venue in Hua Hin, a resort some 125miles southwest of Bangkok, shortly before his death.	Ms Patty, 35, also known as Patty Patrick, has been accused of'indirectly causing his death' as seeing her with another man had angered Mr Mackay, but claims she has done nothing wrong.	Tragic: Iain Mackay's Thai girlfriend Nilobon Patty, known as Patty Patrick, has denied any involvement in the death of the 40-year-old Scot.	According to Ms Patty, the couple had been seeing each other for three years, but that Mr Mackay ended their relationship last month as his work overseas prevented him from settling down with her.	She claims she was not with another man, but out with friends, when an'obviously drunk' Mr Mackay appeared in the bar around 1am.	Tragic: Mr Mackay, 40, allegedly got into a fight after discovering Ms Patty talking to another man.	Ms Patty claims Mr Mackay, from Stornoway, Scotland, shouted at her, accused her of laughing at him, after which she decided to go home.	Police informed her of Mr Mackay's incident in her place of work the next day, she told The Daily Record.'	I was told that Iain had gone there at 3am looking for me and I was n't there,' she told the paper.	'People have been phoning me and making threats and saying I should leave Hua Hin.	But I have done nothing wrong,'' I do n't know why anyone would say that I had anything to do with Iain's death.	That is not true.	It was just a terrible accident.'	Thai police said Mr Mackay was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a pool bar near to the venue where he had spotted Ms Patty and the mystery man.	Friends of Mr Mackay say that had posted links to his Ms Patty's Facebook page on the evening of his incident which showed her pictured with another man.	Onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely at the pool shop but they were unable to save him.	He later died in hospital.	Officials said that no crime had been committed.	Location: The resort where Mr Mackay died is in Hua Hin - a coastal city 125 miles south of Bangkok.	Arguement: Mr Mackay bled to death after getting into a furious row at a bar in Hua Hin city.	One friend said:'Iain was obviously upset and referred to the woman who seemed to be his own girlfriend and a mystery man as lovers.'	Mr Mackay, an underwater research specialist, is believed to have been employed by seismic research company Polarcus, which is based in Dubai.	Sources at the company confirmed that Mr Mackay was on leave from his vessel and had told colleagues that he planned to spend his time off in Thailand.	Thai officials said that Mr Mackay had died at 3pm on Saturday but relatives claim that they were told of his death on Friday.	The Foreign Office also confirmed that Mr Mackay had died on Friday.	A spokesman said:'We can confirm the death of a British national in Hua Hin, Thailand, on April 3.	We are providing consular assistance to the family at this sad time.'
The father of a 10-year-old Minnesota boy whose body was found in the Mississippi River over the weekend was arrested Monday, less than a month after he appeared at a vigil tearfully pleading for his safe return.	Pierre Collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said in a news release.	Pierre Collins was phootgraphed Monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in Crystal.	He will be processed and taken to the Hennepin County Jail.	Pierre Collins, the father of a 10-year-old boy whose body was found in the Mississippi River over the weekend, sits in the back of a police vehicle after he was arrested Monday on suspicion of second-degree murder.	A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins (above), 10, who has been missing for nearly a month.	Collins' wife, Yamah Collins, was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away.	She was not cuffed.	A timeline for charging will be determined by the Hennepin County Attorney's office, Revering said.	Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows Mr Collins, 33, was in that area of the river at the time the fourth-grader disappeared.	Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center.	The police chief said Sunday the boy's father was a primary suspect in the case.	Collins has said he is innocent.	Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that reveals that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, was in that area at the time he disappeared (above Revering during a news conference on April 12, 2015 in Crystal, Minnesota).	Barway's father, 33-year-old Pierre Collins (pictured left as he stands with his wife, Yamah, during a vigil held for his son last month) is a primary suspect in the homicide investigation involving his son.	'This location is consistent with our knowledge of Pierre Collin's activities on March 18 and he remains a primary suspect,' said Revering.	The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated.	The case is being considered a homicide based on the autopsy and information from the medical examiner, said Revering.	A report last month by Fox 9 said that according to sources, Pierre Collins, took out a life insurance policy in Barway's name totaling $30,000 not long before the child went missing.	Authorities have seized Pierre Collins' passport to ensure the Liberain national stays in the US.	Police were stationed at his apartment complex for his own protection after reports of death threats.	On Sunday, Pastor Harding Smith, of the Spiritual Church of God who has been acting as the family's spokesman said when the family received the news, there were a lot of tears, according to Twin Cities.	'There were lots of tears and lots of screams,' he said.	'There was disbelief, hurt, sadness.	There is a deep sense of loss when you enter that home.'	Alexander Collins, executive director of the Liberian Ministry Association, said:'We also want to make clear to the perpetrator of this tragedy, that wherever you are, you will be found.	This evil will be found.	'Wherever you are hiding, under a car, underground, make no mistake our community does not abide this evil.'	The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated.	Barway, who was a student at Evergreen Park World Cultures Community School, was last seen after school last month.	In video released by police (scenes from footage above), Barway says'there's my dad' and'there's my uncle' In a March 25 interview with the Star Tribune, Pierre Collins said he was not home when his son disappeared and he was upset to be considered a suspect.	'I've been working with the police just to bring my son home,' he told the newspaper.'	I will do whatever they want just so Barway can come home.	I have nothing to do with Barway's missing.'	His wife and Barway's stepmother, Yamah Collins, also said she and her husband did not know who took the boy, and they pleaded for his safe return.	Pierre Collins (right), accompanied by Pastor Harding Smith (center), the family's spokesman, was interviewed by Nancy Grace last month, saying that he failed the polygraph test because he was very emotional.	Police said on Sunday that the boy's father (above) is a'primary suspect' as the case becomes a homicide investigation.	Police released a video of Barway riding a bus after school.	In the video, the boy said'there's my dad' and'there's my uncle.'	'The father and the party described as an'uncle' are likely the last known people to have seen Barway,' Revering said, as reported by the Star-Tribune.	'Unfortunately, we have reason to believe that Barway's father has not been completely truthful with us.'	Addressing the footage on the bus, Pierre Collins explained to Nancy Grace that in the Liberian community, children commonly refer to adults as'uncle' or'auntie.'	When pressed by Grace about the failed polygraph test, Collins explained that he was'very emotional' during the test.'	I was n't... myself when I took the polygraph,' he said.	The boy was reported missing by his father at around 6.30 pm on March 18 after the child failed to come home from school (above a massive billboard featuring a missing ad for Barway).	Barway, who was a student at Evergreen Park World Cultures Community School, was last seen after school last month.	The boy was reported missing by his father at around 6.30 pm on March 18 after the child failed to come home from school.	A call to the school bus company revealed that the 10-year-old was dropped off outside his building at around 4.15 pm.	Video surveillance from his apartment complex shows he was about to go inside, but then turned around as if he was called over to the parking lot by someone he knew, and he walked away, police said last month.	Rosario Ramirez left and her children Daniela, five, Isaac, nine, and Juan, 11, pay their respects to Barway Collins during a vigil at Cedarwood apartments in Crystal, Minnesota held last month.	A young boy adds a donation for Barway Collins' family to the pile during the vigil last month.	The family told the Star Tribune that Barway emigrated from his home country of Liberia, where his mother lives, to stay with his father in 2011.	The father said he wanted'to make him better' and for Barway to eventually go to college.	While looking for Barway, local police, federal agents and Hennepin County's sheriff's deputies searched the area with K-9 dogs, reviewing footage from surveillance cameras and interviewing family members and witnesses.
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable will meet with US Department of Justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $45billion merger, according to reports.	The meeting next Wednesday would aim to negotiate possible.	concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants,.	Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal.	Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company.	would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.	Reps from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday.	There are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against TV channel owners and businesses offering online video programming.	The proposed meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing their proposed.	deal a year ago, the Wall Street Journal reported on Saturday.	Representatives of the two companies and the Justice.	Department did not immediately respond to Reuters' requests for.	comment on the Journal report, which cited people familiar with the matter.	News of the planned meeting followed a report by Bloomberg.	on Friday that staff attorneys at the Justice Department's.	antitrust division were nearing a recommendation to block the.	deal.	A spokesman for Time Warner Cable questioned the Bloomberg.	report, saying on Friday the company had been working.	productively with both the DOJ and the FCC.	The meeting would aim to negotiate concessions related to antitrust concerns over their planned merger.	A source close to Comcast said on Friday that discussions.	with the DOJ had been positive and that the FCC was still gathering material.	from companies, making it early for any discussion of conditions.	for a deal.	The Bloomberg report said Justice Department attorneys were.	citing concerns for consumers as they lean against it and their.	review could be handed in as soon as next week.	A final decision.	would be made by senior officials.	Time Warner Cable shares closed down 5.4 per cent at $149.61.	on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday, while Comcast shares.	ended down 2.1 per cent at $58.42 on Nasdaq.	In its report on Saturday, the Journal said the DOJ and the FCC were nearing the final stages of.	scrutinizing the deal.	Discussions on potential remedies to.	concerns would be an indication that the two agencies had not.	yet made a firm or final decision on the merger, the paper said.	But it added the meeting could be the first of many and said.	it was not clear whether the companies could offer concessions.	that would satisfy the regulators.
Killed: Police are investigating the alleged murder of Syrian-born imam Abdul Hadi Arwani.	A fourth person has been arrested over the alleged murder of a Syrian imam who was shot dead in his car on a London street.	Police announced today that they had arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani, who was killed in Wembley two weeks ago.	A Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with Mr Arwani's murder, while a man and a woman were arrested this week on suspicion of terror offences.	The father of six, who was an imam at a controversial mosque in west London, was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat on April 7.	Leslie Cooper, 36, appeared at the Old Bailey on Thursday, where the court was told that Mr Arwani, 48, was lured to a meeting with a potential customer for his construction business before being killed.	Burnell Mitchell, 61, the brother of Boney M's lead singer, was arrested this week on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and the commission, preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism.	A 53-year-old woman was also arrested on suspicion of the commission, preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism.	They are both in Metropolitan Police custody while counter-terror officers continue to investigate Mr Arwani's killing.	Police said in a statement today that they had arrested the fourth suspect, a 35-year-old man, on Friday, before releasing him on bail today.	Suspects: Leslie Cooper, left, appeared in court charged with murder while Burnell Mitchell, right, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences.	Mr Arwani was previously a preacher at the An-Noor mosque in Acton but resigned after he apparently fell out with other community leaders.	The mosque was founded by Mr Mitchell 20 years ago after he converted to Islam, and he remains a trustee of the centre as well as a director of the company which owns its premises.	Mr Mitchell, whose sister Liz Mitchell was the lead singer of Boney M, was brought up a strict Christian before changing faith and becoming known as'Khalid Rashad'.	Both his home and the mosque were searched by police last week as part of the investigation into Mr Arwani's death.	Mosque: Police standing outside the An-Noor cultural centre in Acton earlier this week.	The Syrian-born imam fled his home country in the 1980s and became an outspoken opponent of president Bashar al-Assad's regime before his killing.	Mr Arwani's son Murhaf said last week:'He just loved to help people.	He did not care what your background, race or status was.	'He did not care if you were rich or poor.	He just wanted to help people in need.	'He spoke up and out against the crime of terror and oppression wherever he found it.	He was an advocate of peace for all and he showed us this in the way he lived his life from day to day.'	Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
A man has made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination of custard, jam and meat immortalised in popular TV show Friends.	On the show hapless character Rachel decided to treat her loved ones to what she mistakenly thought was' a traditional English trifle' layered with all the trimmings - including ladyfingers, jam, custard, beef sautéed with peas and onions, a little more custard, bananas and some whipped cream.	Now one brave Mancunian has whipped up their own version of the unusual concoction - replacing the beef with the far more traditional lamb.	Scroll down for video.	Neil Killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on Friends 16 years ago.	It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles.	Neil Killham, a 32-year-old software engineer from Manchester, announced his plans on Twitter with a picture of his clashing ingredients with the caption:'It's finally time.	I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends.'	Giving a running commentary on the social media site, Neil proudly showed off the finished masterpiece which actually looked very respectable - until he cut into it.	He told his followers that while it does not taste like feet - as characters on the show claimed - it was still'f ****** horrible'.	He added:'But with enough nice trifle stuff that we keeping eating more of it.'	The trifle-shepherds pie combination did not look quite as appetising once it had been sliced into.	Friends character Rachel Green (played by Jennifer Aniston) accidentally made the disgusting dessert.	Neil posted this picture of a friend attempting a second go at the trifle pie - it does n't appear to have improved.'	I thought I'd be able to compartmentalise the clashing flavours, but I can not.'	When MailOnline asked how it tasted, Neil, who shared the dish with friends, said:'It tasted terrible of course - but not so bad that I could n't finish my slice.	'It's the way you sometimes think you've got lucky and got a nice pure trifle bite and then pow!	Lamb!'	He said in the last year he has made curry flavoured cupcakes, a chilli cheesecake and a pancake pizza, among other things.	'Usually they kind of work, so I figured it was time to try something that definitely would n't,' he said.	'Although when I tried sprouts in marmite that did n't work either, but it was n't as bad as this.'	A couple of people tried it with me last night and agreed it was terrible.	Opinions were mixed on whether the lamb or the onion was the biggest problem.	'Then a couple of people at work also tried it and came to similar conclusions.	'Except for one guy who said "it was n't that bad really.	Not good, but not the worst".	'I'm not sure I can trust him any more.'	The trifle looked distinctly unappetising when dished up on a plate - and apparently tasted even worse.	In the show the dessert was described as half trifle, half shepherd's pie after two pages in the English cookery book Rachel was using stuck together - but the creators mistakenly used beef instead of the lamb which is traditional in the pie.	Towards the end of the season six episode the penny finally drops and Rachel says:' I was n't supposed to put beef in the trifle!'	If for some reason you would like to recreate this Heston Blumenthal-esque clash of flavours and textures, the recipe would appear to be: A layer of sponge, layer of jam, layer of custard, layer of raspberries, another layer of sponge, layer of lamb sautéed with peas and onions, a bit more custard, banana, and a topping of whipped cream garnished with hundreds and thousands.
My first trip to New York was with my aunt when I was about 18 and I had been appearing in Coronation Street for about 12 months.	I can remember it all so clearly.	We had a lot of fun together - we went to see the musical Chicago on Broadway and did lots and lots of shopping.	We returned to the city that never sleeps in January 2001, eight months before the terrible events of 9/11, and one of the first things my boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon and I did on my latest trip was to visit the site of the World Trade Center to see the monument to those who died.	It was a very poignant moment.	Coronation Street star Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon take a selfie in New York.	There were hundreds of people visiting the memorial at the time but everybody was quiet and extremely respectful.	Sylvain and I flew to the US from Manchester and spent four nights in the city.	I love flying from Manchester if I can, not just because it's nearer to my home but because it's not so vast and sprawling as either Gatwick or Heathrow.	We stayed at the Marriott where the service was fantastic - when we checked in the concierge desk wanted to know if they could help us to make bookings for shows or restaurants.	And when we got to the room, we were met by a butler who immediately took away our shoes for shining - very impressive.	You do n't get that at a Travelodge!	We had a beautiful suite on the 31st floor, giving us panoramic views of Central Park.	We valued the fact that the suite had a separate lounge area, and it came in really handy because during our stay Sylvain's cousin in New York celebrated his 30th birthday, so lots of people came back to our room for a glass of bubbly.	We sipped champagne as we gazed out across Manhattan - and The Rovers Return suddenly felt a very long way away.	The JW Marriott Essex House as seen from Central Park, of which it boasts panoramic views.	One of Samia and Sylvain's first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on September 11, 2001.	On the second night of our break, we went on the Bateaux New York cruise, which offers an unforgettable three-hour trip along the Hudson River.	We enjoyed cocktails and then a great three-course meal, and after that there was music and dancing.	You can go outside on deck where you have amazing views of Manhattan.	Actually we only just made the cruise by the skin of our teeth.	President Obama was in New York to address the United Nations and as we were in a taxi heading for the pier to board the cruise, we discovered that the police had closed a lot of the streets to let the President's motorcade through.	With the clock ticking and our yellow cab going nowhere, we decided to get out and find the nearest subway station.	Once our train reached its destination, we had to dash to get to the cruise boat, but fortunately we just made it on time.	I'm so glad we did because to see Manhattan like that was an unforgettable experience.	The couple, who met as partners on Dancing on Ice, enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson.	The bright lights and busy traffic of Fifth Avenue which Samia covered extensively during her four-day trip.	During our break, we saw most of the famous sights, including the Statue of Liberty, where we took some great pictures.	We did n't manage to catch a show, though - we simply ran out of time.	We wanted to have a juicy steak at a proper New York steakhouse.	Friends had told us about a place called Burger Joint in Le Parker Meridien Hotel - it does n't look very special (in fact, there's graffiti all over the walls outside) but it's reckoned to serve the best burgers in town.	I have to agree they're pretty special.	It was Sylvain's first visit to New York and he absolutely loved it.	He also enjoyed the shopping.	We must have covered the whole of Fifth Avenue during our stay, and yes, purchases were made.	I have to confess I bought a few dresses.	The pound was very good value against the dollar at the time, so there were a lot of bargains to be had.	I calculated that many things were half the price compared with the UK - so how could I resist?	While Samia shopped at famed New York stores such as Tiffany and Co, Sylvain worked out in the gym.	For bargain shopping, Samia recommends discount outlet store Century 21 for lots of major brands.	Sylvain was n't always my shopping buddy.	He chose to remain at the hotel a few times and work out at the gym.	So while I was at Tiffany's he was on the running machine.	A crowd of paparazzi turned out to be for Lady Gaga, but sadly a selfie with the pop star was n't an option.	Despite our world renown as an ice-dancing couple - we met while we were partners on the ITV show Dancing On Ice - we managed to resist the lure of the rink at the Rockefeller Centre.	For Sylvain, ice skating is too much like work.	I still skate from time to time and I have to say I'm a lot better at it than I was on the programme.	I think that's because I'm just doing it for fun now and there's no pressure on me.	If anybody is looking for good shopping, I can recommend BCBG - it's great for dresses, and their prices are excellent.	If you're after big savings, head to Century 21, which is like an outlet store for lots of major brands.	Friends had told us about it before we travelled to New York.	I'm glad they did because the prices were so temptingly low.	And of course I also made sure to visit the Disney Store to get presents for my little girl - we were loaded up with bags from there, much to her delight, when we returned to England.	Perhaps the biggest surprise of the trip was when we had stopped to have lunch at a small Italian restaurant on Central Park near our hotel.	While we were eating, we noticed a crowd gathering - with lots of paparazzi photographers.	We were wondering who was going to emerge when out stepped Lady Gaga.	It was the ultimate holiday treat - it was just a shame I could n't arrange a selfie with her.	That would have been the icing on the cake.	American Sky (0843 636 2001) offers a three-night holiday to New York from # 899pp.	This includes accommodation in the JW Marriott Essex House New York on a room-only basis and return flights with British Airways from Heathrow.	Visit nycgo.com for more information.
Tragedy: Dr. Frederic Brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on Sunday a police report revealed on Tuesday.	Fredric Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself, revealed the police report into the tragic passing of the celebrity plastic surgeon.	Brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15 am on Easter Sunday morning.	According to the police report, Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal.	The last time Hupert said he had seen Brandt alive was around 11.30 pm on Saturday.	The police report says that Brandt's psychiatrist Dr. Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered Hupert to stay with him to monitor him.	She also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions.	The news that Brandt had descended into severe suicidal depression only very recently comes after claims that the'Baron of Botox' killed himself after a'bullying' TV series penned by Tina Fey aired on Netflix.	The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt premiered on Netflix on March 6 and features a character called, Dr Franff.	Played by comedian Martin Short, Franff has a high-pitched laugh, a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag.	His face appears to be a grotesque exaggeration of Brandt's own appearance.	Indeed, sources close to Brandt said the doctor, who suffered from depression, told People magazine he was'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.	The friend called the Kimmy Schmidt send up'bullying,' but added that it did not cause his suicide.	Sources were today opening up about how Brandt was wounded by the characterization - though they said that this suicide could not be pinned on one insulting TV show.	A friend speaking to People said:'It was making fun of him for the way he looked and it was mean and it was bullying.'	... It was n't the only thing troubling him, it was just one factor.	It definitely hurt him.	He was absolutely upset, who would want that?	But that was not why he committed suicide.	But it did n't help.	Scroll down for videos.	Discovery: Dr. Brandt was found by a friend inside his home early on Sunday morning having taken his own life.	Startling resemblance: Dr'Franff' (played by Martin Short) -- his name was Grant, but Franff is how he pronounced it due to all the surgery and injectables he'd presumably had - is lampooned in Tina Fey's Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.	Brandt worked with stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer.	Left, the doctor is pictured with morning show host Kelly Ripa in 2011 at his Dr Fredric Brandt's SiriusXM launch and right, with comedian Joy Behar at the same event.	Speaking out: Jeff Richmond, left in New York City today, spoke out on Monday over the death of Dr Fredric Brandt.	The plastic surgeon was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, which Richmond's wife Tina Fey, right with Martin Short, created and for which Richmond has producing credits.	Another source, speaking to the New York Daily News, said that Brandt had become fixated on his appearance and cried in front of patients.	The source said:'He worked 15-hour days, his office was jam-packed, and I paid him a compliment.	He was so sensitive he started to cry.	He said how awful the public was, and how mean people are.	He was really affected by negative feedback.'	When DailyMail.com asked Tina Fey's husband Jeff Richmond about Brandt's death near his home in New York City's Upper West Side, he said he had n't been aware of it.	Richmond is an executive producer and music composer on his wife's show.	He said:'That's very sad.	I do n't know anything about it.	I just got home.	Tina might know, I do n't.	She's not home.'	Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry, with high-profile stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Kelly Ripa.	The doctor was found dead at his Coconut Grove mansion in Miami where he lived alone with his dogs.	Report: The police report reveals that Dr. Fredric Brandt was suffering from extreme depression before his death and wanted to kill himself.	Report: The report reveals the circumstances in which the body of Brandt was discovered inside his Miami home.	Successful businessman: Dermatologist Dr. Frederic Brandt poses for a portrait with his newest additions to his skin-care line in 2013.	Abravanel said that sources told her Dr Brandt was'devastated' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.	The plastic surgeon, Dr Franff, in the Netflix comedy, is played by comedy veteran Martin Short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life Dr Brandt.	In one scene, where the lead character Kimmy almost gets plastic surgery, the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder.	Martin Short had a small role as Dr Franff in one episode of the TV show's first season.	When he is punched by the main character, Kimmy, as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon's chair, his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube.	Dr Franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.	He's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by Martin Short.	The show follows a Kimmy (Ellie Kemper), who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader.	She then is hired to be a nanny for the step-children of socialite Jacqueline (Jane Krakowski).	In the fourth episode of the show, Jacqueline visits Dr Franff to discuss a'foot lift' of sorts because she believes that'feet are the new butts'.	In the fourth episode of the Netflix show's first and only season, Dr Franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with Kimmy (Ellie Kemper) and Jacqueline (Jane Krakowski, pictured).	Dr Franff's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of Dr Fredric Brandt, who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour.	Franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor, whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times.	In the episode, he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for Jacqueline, as well as on Kimmy.	Franff's platinum blond hair and tight skin have a stark resemblance to that of cosmetic dermatologist Fredric Brandt.	Dr Brandt was famed for his appearance, which displayed many of his dermatology techniques.	In a 2014 profile in The New York Times, he said that his goal was to'restore the face to harmony'.'	I approach each face with a visual perception, an artistic perception and a medical perception,' he said.	The article, which described the doctor as an'unnervingly ageless-looking personage', said that he was sought out by the rich and famous for his signature Y lifts, where fillers are injected below the cheekbones.	It was also widely known that Dr Brandt injected products including Botox, Restylane, Perlane, Juvéderm, Voluma, The Times reported, into his own face, erasing his wrinkles, leaving him with full lips and an ageless quality.	The doctor told The Times that people often asked him if he was from Sweden.	Brandt grew up in Weequahic neighborhood of Newark, New Jersey where his parents ran a candy store.	His father died when he was a teenager and he lost his mother before he graduated from Rutgers University in 1971.	He went on to attend Hahnemann Medical College in Philadelphia.	He completed residencies at NYU's Department of Internal Medicine and then in Dermatology at the University of Miami.	He set up a practice in Coral Cables, Miami in 1982 and began part-time work in New York in 1998 but quickly expanded to become one of the most in-demand cosmetic appointments.
Royal Dutch Shell Plc said it.	has filed a complaint in federal court in Alaska seeking an.	order to remove Greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil.	rig in the Pacific Ocean bound for the Arctic on Monday in a.	protest against Arctic drilling.	The environmental group said in a statement its team would.	occupy the underside of the main deck of the Polar Pioneer,.	which is under contract to Shell, and plans to unfurl a banner.	with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling.	The group said the activists would not interfere with the.	vessel's navigation.	Scroll down for video.	On the rig: Greenpeace activists scale the Polar Pioneer drill rig in the Pacific Ocean.	Map: The activists boarded the rig just 750 miles northwest of Hawaii as it makes its journey to the Arctic.	At dawn on Monday, the six, from the USA, Germany, New Zealand, Australia, Sweden and Austria, sped towards the Polar Pioneer in inflatable boats launched from the Greenpeace ship Esperanza.	Climbers: All Greenpeace activists aboard the rig are experienced climbers and say they do n't plan to interfere with the ship's course.	'We're here to highlight that in less than 100 days Shell is.	going to the Arctic to drill for oil,' 32-year-old Johno Smith,.	one of the six to board the Blue Marlin, the ship carrying the.	rig, said in the statement.	'Shell's actions are exploiting the melting ice to increase.	a man-made disaster.	Climate change is real,' he added.	Shell said in an emailed statement that it has met with.	groups against oil drilling off Alaska's shores and'respect.	their views' but condemned the boarding.	'We can confirm that protesters from Greenpeace have.	illegally boarded the Polar Pioneer, under contract to Shell,.	jeopardizing not only the safety of the crew on board, but the.	protesters themselves,' Shell said.	The move comes just days after the U.S. Interior Department.	upheld a 2008 lease sale in the Chukchi Sea off Alaska, moving.	Shell a step closer to returning to oil and gas exploration in.	the Arctic since it suffered mishaps in the region in 2012.	The people vs shell: The activists hope they will draw media attention to oil drilling in the Arctic.	Reveal a list: Greenpeace activists scale the Polar Pioneer drill rig in the Pacific Ocean to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling.	Long haul: The activists used ropes and climbing equipment to scale the 38,000-tonne platform.	Many environmentalists oppose offshore energy exploration in.	the Arctic, saying that once production begins any oil spill.	would be extremely difficult to clean up.	Oil industry interests say the Arctic will be important to.	the United States' energy security in coming decades when output.	from shale formations is expected to wane.	Images published by Greenpeace showed the activists using.	climbing gear to move from an inflatable boat onto the Blue.	Marlin heavy-lift vessel towing the Pioneer, one of two drill.	rigs heading to the region, as it cruised some 750 miles (1,207.	km) northwest of Hawaii.	The six activists planned to camp on the 38,000-tonne Polar Pioneer platform, which they boarded using inflatable boats from the Greenpeace vessel'Esperanza.'	Tweeting from the rig: Aliyah Field tweeted she'd love some coffee but that the sunrise over the Pacific is gorgeous even from the side of the oil rig.	Many names: Aliyah maybe referring to the list of names the activists will hang showing all the people who are opposed to oil drilling in the arctic.	The six -- from the United States, Germany, New Zealand, Australia, Sweden and Austria -- have supplies for several days and can communicate with the outside world, Greenpeace said.	'We made it!	We're on Shell's platform.	And we're not alone.	Everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power!'	tweeted one of the six, Aliyah Field.	Johno Smith from New Zealand added:'We're here to highlight that in less than 100 days Shell is going to the Arctic to drill for oil.	'This pristine environment needs protecting for future generations and all life that will call it home.	But instead Shell's actions are exploiting the melting ice to increase a man-made disaster.'	A Shell spokeswoman, Kelly op de Weegh, blasted the action.	'We can confirm that protestors from Greenpeace have illegally boarded the'Polar Pioneer,' under contract to Shell, jeopardizing not only the safety of the crew on board, but the protestors themselves,' she said on Monday.	She added:'Shell has met with organizations and individuals who oppose energy exploration offshore Alaska.	We respect their views and value the dialogue.	'We will not, however, condone the illegal tactics employed by Greenpeace.	Nor will we allow these stunts to distract from preparations underway to execute a safe and responsible exploration program,' she said in a statement.
A two-year-old girl was savaged by a Jack Russell as she played in a children's park before the dog's owner ran away.	Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley, Lancashire on Sunday afternoon when she was pounced on by the pet, which bit her face.	The toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the Jack Russell - which was not on a lead despite signs saying pets should be under control - attacked her and left her with two puncture marks on her face, narrowly missing her eye.	Two-year-old Libby Jane Wilson, who was enjoying a day out at a play park when she was savaged by a Jack Russell, leaving her with puncture marks on her face.	Her father, Mr Knight who works as a floor layer, heard his daughter screaming and kicked the dog away from her before the owner called the dog back and fled the scene.	Libby's mother Christie Wilson, 21, said:'Libby was playing in the tunnel and her dad was on top waiting for her to come out when the dog ran over and attacked her.	'Alex heard Libby screaming and went into the tunnel and kicked the dog away from her.	He called me straight away, he is distraught.	'The dog was n't on a lead and Alex said he shouted'Bud' and called the dog back, then he just ran off.	Libby Jane with her mother Christie Wilson.	Miss Wilson says that the dog's owner did n't check if her daughter was hurt and fled with his pet.	Toddler Libby Jane had been climbing through a tunnel at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley when the dog entered and attacked her.	'She has been very, very lucky - it could have been a lot worse and the doctors have said she will have scars, but that as she grows they will fade.	'Libby is a real tough cookie, it has affected me and her dad a lot more than her.	I think because she is so young she does n't really understand what has happened.'	Terrified Mr Knight took his daughter home to Miss Wilson who rushed her to Chorley and South Ribble General Hospital.	The brave youngster was given a course of antibiotics and sent home with the puncture wounds, one above her lip and one under her eye, left open to heal.	The attack happened at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley, Lancashire while Libby Jane was with her father Alex Knight.	Miss Wilson, who runs her own hair extension business, said:'The owner did n't even come over to check if Libby was okay, he just ran off.	'He must have seen or heard what happened, she was screaming.	It is shocking - I just want him to come forward.	'If the owner had apologised or checked on Libby it would be a whole different ball game but he is obviously not bothered, and more concerned about his dog.	'Libby was traumatised, but she is okay now.	She woke up last night shouting "dogs, dogs" so I think maybe she was having flashbacks about what happened.'	A spokesperson for Lancashire Police said:'An officer has been out and spoken to the family to get more details and will be doing some follow up in the area.	Inquiries are ongoing.'
An Ohio man who trained with al-Qaeda terrorist tried to play off his time abroad as a harmless holiday when questioned by his friends, authorities said.	'I'm chilling in Istanbul,' Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud wrote a high school friend on Facebook.	'Just a vacation.'	But federal prosecutors charging Mohamud with supporting terrorism and making false statements say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the United States.	Scroll down for video.	Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists, attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization, and making false statements to the FBI.	He pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday in a Columbus.	federal court.	Mohamud, 23, a naturalized American, had.	been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United.	States and carry out an act of terrorism, a federal indictment.	said.	It said Mohamud had told an associate that he wanted to go.	to a military base in Texas and'kill three or four American.	soldiers execution-style.'	Before traveling from the United States to Syria, Mohamud.	had posted material on social media promoting symbols of the.	Islamic State militant group, the indictment said.	However, a law enforcement official told Reuters that once.	in Syria Mohamud and his brother, Aden, trained with the Nusra.	Front, the local affiliate of al Qaeda.	In Syria he sent videos of himself to an unnamed person, the.	indictment said.	In one video, he pointed to a gun in a holster.	on his hip, and in another he stood in front of a white house.	with a black flag on it.	Mohamud's brother, Abdifatah Aden, was killed fighting with the Nusra Front,.	according to the indictment.	NBC reports that a 17-year-old cousin of Mohamud's in the United Kingdom said that Mohamud's older brother had arrived in Syria'to help out the oppressed Muslims there.'	However neither brother showed any signs of hating their adopted country.'	(Mohamud) loved Americans," he said.	'He was one of them.'	Yet another brother, Abdiqani Aden, has also been arrested and after being accused of making a threatening gesture at a guard while visiting his brother in prison.	Such accusations are completely foreign to friend Mohamed Elrayah, who had gotten the'I'm chilling' years after the two lost touch.	'He did normal things -- basketball, go to the park, go to the movies on Fridays,' Elrayah told NBC News.	'Everyone loved being around him.	He was a nice person.'	Elrayah, three years Mohamud's senior at school, did not recall the accused terrorist-in-training as a particularly religious man when they first met.	However in 2011, he says he say his friend growing a long beard.'	I asked him about it and he said,'Well, I'm kind of religious now," Elrayah told reporters, adding that he did not see the new religious interest a sign of being radicalized.	In fact, he said he was astonished to hear of the charges.'	I would like to ask him,'What happened?'	I just keep thinking,'What happened to this kid?"	Elrayah told reporters.	Mohamud's friends expressed shock the man they knew as a normal, likable student would want to harm the country they believed he'd embraced as him home.	Upon his return to the United States, authorities said, Mohamud told.	an unidentified person that while in Syria, he had been trained.	in shooting weapons, breaking into houses, using explosives and.	engaging in hand-to-hand combat.	According to the indictment, Mohamud'wanted to kill.	Americans, and specifically wanted to target armed forces,.	police officers or any uniformed individuals.'	The indictment.	said Mohamud's plan was to attack a U.S. military base but that.	he also had a backup plan to attack a prison.	Mohamud also waived a detention hearing on Friday, and will.	remain in custody, court documents said.	His trial is set for.	June 22.	The three brother's mother was widowed last year, and is struggling to comprehend what has happened in her family.	'It's tragic for her,' said Hassan Omar, director of the Somali Community Association of Ohio.	The larger Somali community in the area is also worried about how this will reflect on the nation's second-biggest community of such immigrants outside of Minnesota.	Roughly half-a-dozen men there were indicted last week after being accused of working to support ISIS.	'We came barehanded from refugee camps.	We created 4,000 businesses in Columbus.	We have 3,000 or 4,000 kids who have graduated from high school and college,' Omar told NBC.	He added:'This kind of terrorist, or ISIS or Shabab is destroying our image.'
President Barack Obama held up the shrinking Florida Everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening America's'national treasures,' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns, which rely heavily on tourist dollars.	'Climate change can no longer be denied.	It ca n't be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day.	'It ca n't be omitted from the conversation.	And action can no longer be delayed.'	'That's why I've committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' he said, throwing a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.	The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One, however, 9,000 gallons, round trip.	Scroll down for video.	President Barack Obama takes a walking tour of the Anhinga Trail at Everglades National Park.	Obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to get Americans thinking and talking about the damage climate change is causing close to home.	Obama held up the shrinking Florida Everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening America's'national treasures,' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns, which rely heavily on tourist dollars.	'Climate change can no longer be denied.	It ca n't be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day.	'It ca n't be omitted from the conversation.	And action can no longer be delayed' Vehicles in the president's motorcade are seen in the Everglades National Park where Obama stopped for a visit on the Anhinga trail in Homestead.	Asked earlier this week if Obama's gas-guzzling trip to Florida would undermine his Earth Day message, the White House said it would not and reaffirmed Obama's efforts to reduce pollutants.	On of the helicopters escorting Marine One with President Barack Obama onboard, prepares to land at Miami's International Airport.	I love the smell of jet fuel, Nye told reporters as he waited to board the president's 747 this morning for the flight to Florida, during which the White House said he would film a video with Obama.	Asked earlier this week if Obama's gas-guzzling trip to Florida would undermine his Earth Day message, the White House said it would not and reaffirmed Obama's efforts to reduce pollutants.	Obama took a half - hour walking tour of the the Anhinga Trail at the 1.5-million-acre national park today before making a plea for Americans to save the Everglades and other natural gems by making environmentally-conscious decisions.'	I ca n't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our nation's greatest natural treasures, the Everglades,' he told his audience, calling the swamp, which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp,'magical.'	'Climate change is threatening this treasure and the communities that depend on it,' Obama warned.	'If we do n't act, there may not be an Everglades as we know it.'	The president said the fallout from rising temperatures is'not a problem for another generation.'	At least,'not anymore,' he said.	'This is a problem now.	It has serious implications for the way we live right now.'	Obama said the rising sea level in South Florida and inward flow of salt water is evidence that climate change is already having a negative effect on communities.	'This is not some impossible problem that we can not solve.	We can solve it if we've got some political will,' he said.	'And we can solve it in a way that creates jobs.	We can solve it in a way that does n't disrupt our economy but enhances our economy.	And it's a bipartisan issue.'	'That's why I've committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' he said, throwing a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.	An alligator is spotted sunning itself along the Anhinga Trail at Everglades National Park as Obama took a tour.	Wiping sweat from his brow as he braved the subtropical temperatures to make his mark on Earth Day, the president mingled with crowd-goers at the mid-day event before returning to Washington on Air Force One.	Previewing the day trip, the White House had reiterated Obama's belief that'no challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change.'	It's statement pointed out that last year was the warmest year on record and that 14 of the 15 of earth's hottest years happened this century.	It said,'Climate change is also affecting some of the most iconic places in our country, from disappearing glaciers in Glacier National Park to dying Joshua Trees in Joshua Tree National Park.'	'Recognized worldwide as a unique and treasured landscape, the Everglades is a perfect example of the threat we face from climate change, including rising sea levels that result in shoreline erosion and increased flooding.'	Obama said it is this generation's'turn to ensure that' natural monuments remain the'birthright of all Americans for generations to come.'	Wiping sweat from his brow as he braved the subtropical temperatures to make his mark on Earth Day, the president mingled with crowd-goers at the mid-day event before returning to Washington on Air Force One.	The White House also asserted that climate change was already displacing animals and plants, including tropical orchids, some of which are only found in south Florida.'	'We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the world,' the president said today.	'It's an incredible bounty that's been given to us.	But we've got to be good stewards for it.	We have to take care of it.'	Obama said it is this generation's'turn to ensure that' natural monuments remain the'birthright of all Americans for generations to come.'	'So many people here are active in your communities, doing what's needed.	The young people who are here, the next generation, they're way ahead of us in understanding how important this is.	'Let's make sure we do n't disappoint them.	Let's stand up and do what's right before it's too late,' he concluded.	Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye'the Science Guy' on the day trip.	He also gave Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who he's seen here hugging, and Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, second from left, a ride.
Blamed initially on'engine.	failure', it emerged on Tuesday that a government jet carrying.	Serbia's president to Italy last week was forced to turn back.	when the co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board.	Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being.	'thrown around the cabin' when the plane - a 34-year-old.	French-built Falcon 50 - began tumbling through the air on.	Friday.	The plane landed safely back in Belgrade, but Nikolic was.	forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the.	Vatican, and his advisers put the incident down to yet another.	malfunction on the ageing, incident-prone aircraft.	Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic (left, pictured in February in Belgrade) described being'thrown around the cabin' when a plane taking him to Italy last week began tumbling through the sky.	One adviser told Reuters that she would'never step foot on.	that plane again,' saying the fall had lasted'for what seemed.	like an eternity'.	An investigation determined that the co-pilot, Bojan Zoric,.	had spilled coffee on the instrument board'due to ongoing.	turbulence'.'	I began wiping the board and accidentally activated the.	'em ergency slat' button,' which automatically turned off the.	automatic pilot and the plane began losing altitude, Zoric said.	in the report by Serbia's Civil Aviation Directorate.	The pilot took over command, managed to pull the plane up.	and sought permission to turn back to Belgrade, Zoric added.	He.	said that one of the engines then stopped working but was.	restarted on the way back to the airport.	The Directorate temporarily suspended Zoric's licence on.	Monday.	An investigation revealed that the pilot of the Falcon 50 (file image) carrying Nikolic spilled coffee on the instrument panel and turned the autopilot off as he wiped it down.
Fed up: Lucas Hinch shot his computer 8 times in the alley of his herb and tea shop.	Police in Colorado have cited a.	37-year-old man for carrying his computer into an alley then.	shooting it eight times with a handgun after what authorities.	said had been a long battle with the uncooperative machine.	Lucas Hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city.	limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on.	Monday evening, the Colorado Springs Police Department said in a.	statement.	'Investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting.	his computer for the last several months,' said the statement,.	entitled'Man Kills His Computer.'	'He took the computer into the back alley and fired eight.	shots into the computer with a handgun, effectively disabling.	it,' it added.	The Colorado Springs Gazette newspaper cited police as.	saying Hinch was good-natured about the citation, and that he.	told officers he had not realized he was breaking the law.'	I just had it,' Hinch told The Smoking Gun.	Specifically, he said he'd had enough of the Dell XPS 410's'blue screen of death.'	Finch took the 9mm pistol he'd recently purchased on Craigslist out behind Organica Herb & Tea Co., which he operates with his girlfriend, and'fired 8 shots into the computer,' according to city police,'effectively disabling it.'	A judge will decide what penalty the citation carries.	'Man kills his computer':'Investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months,' said the police statement, entitled'Man Kills His Computer.'	Hero: Finch took the 9mm pistol he'd recently purchased on Craigslist out behind Organica Herb & Tea Co., which he operates with his girlfriend, and'fired 8 shots into the computer,' according to city police,'effectively disabling it.'
The new Southpaw trailer last month featured Jake Gyllenhaal showing off an extremely toned torso.	But according to his trainer, former professional boxer Terry Claybon, it took a huge amount of work to get the 34-year-old actor ripped for the shoot, including six months of training before filming even started.	He also worked out for an incredible six hours per day, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night.	Of course, Jake had to work even harder to get in shape because he had just dropped approximately 30lbs to play freelance crime reporter Lou, who stumbles upon the dangerous underworld of Los Angeles in Nightcrawler.	Scroll down for video.	Blood, sweat and tears: According to his trainer, it took a huge amount of work to get Jake Gyllenhaal ripped for Southpaw, including six months of training before filming started, 2,000 sit ups and six hours of training each day.	Much thinner: The 34-year-old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle.	He not only returned to his normal weight - but he then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope.	His trainer Claybon told Yahoo:'Gradually we built up, day-by-day, to 2,000.	It takes time to do that', and revealed that his exercise regime included,'three hours of boxing in the morning and three hours of strengthening, conditioning, and cardio at night.'	Speaking about his weight loss for Nightcrawler, Jake told Us Weekly:' I knew that [ Lou ] was literally and figuratively hungry, [ so I got into the ] mode where I was always a bit hungry.	Beaten: The trailer shows a muscular Gyllenhaal bloodied and bruised by an opponent in the boxing ring.	Bulking up: Jake poses here with his trainers, including former boxer Terry Claybon (second from right), who was responsible for whipping the once-scrawny actor into shape.	Gyllenhaal also attended several boxing matches to watch how real fighters move in the ring.	'It's not different than getting into character for anything.	It's more about believing where you are and being present where you are.	Who's to say what the process is?	I have a strange one... but I love what I do.'	Claybon explained to Yahoo that Jake put back on the weight he had lost before gaining an extra 15 pounds of muscle for Southpaw.	Health experts told the Daily Telegraph that Gyllenhaal likely went on a high-protein diet, that likely included protein powder.	He likely had to consume 130 grams of protein - two and a half times the daily recommended intake.	Health experts also told the Telegraph that such drastic body changes could cause long-term damage to his body.	The huge swing in Gyllenhaal's physique recalls other drastic changes actors have made in their bodies.	Among the most recent and most notable is Matthew McConaughey's turn from Magic Mike hunk to Dallas Buyers Club AIDS patient.	Meanwhile, in Southpaw, Jake plays Billy Hope, a professional boxer who must rebuild his life after his wife is killed and his daughter is taken away from him.	The recent trailer opens with Gyllenhaal's understatement:' I expected a hard fight.	I put my family through a lot.'	It then cuts to him in the ring bloodied and bruised as he takes a relentless pounding from an opponent, while his wife, played by Rachel McAdam and Curtis'50 Cent' Jackson look on in horror, before Hope suddenly turns it around sends the other boxer to the canvass.	Horrified: His wife, played by Rachel McAdam and Curtis'50 Cent' Jackson can only stand by and watch ringside.	Adrenelin: Gyllenhaal plays Billy Hope, a boxer who allows himself take punches to fire himself up.	The reason Gyllenhaal's character allowed himself to take the beating in the first place is then explained.	'The more you get hit the harder you fight, I get it,' his wife says.	'Only now you've taken way to many hits before you get off.	You cant fight like that any more.	Think about her.'	She's talking about the couple's only daughter Leila, who is played by film newcomer Oona Laurence.	The youngster is fresh from lauded performances on Broadway as Matilda in the stage adaptation of the Roald Dahl classic.	But the trailer also reveals there's a much more devastating blow in store for Hope, when his wife is accidentally shot dead by a bodyguard during an altercation with he has with another boxer who had been taunting him, which McAdam's character had told him to walk away from.	Doomed: The two-and-a-half minute clip reveals McAdams is killed during an altercation between Hope and another boxer.	Hopeless: The boxer must fight to regain his daughter, who is taken from him by child services following the death of his wife.	Young star: Leila Hope is played by Oona Laurence who just wowed audiences on Broadway as Matilda.	And things get worse for the embattled boxer as the child protection services take his daughter away from him after he falls into a dangerous cycle of self destruction following the death of the child's mother.	The film also stars Rita Ora, who recently played Christian Grey's sister in Fifty Shades Of Grey, as well as Forest Whitaker and Naoime Harris, replacing Lupita Nyong' o who dropped out in August.	Shot: McAdams plays Maureen, whose death starts Gyllenhaal's downward spiral.	The real Jake Gyllenhaal: When not packing on muscle or dropping weight for a role, Jake looks like this (pictured in January).
Outrage: SNP leader Alex Salmond, pictured, was caught boasting in secret footage.	Alex Salmond has provoked outrage after he was caught boasting:'I'm writing Labour's budget.'	Secret footage showed the former first minister, who is bidding to become an MP, mocking Labour after it slapped down its Scottish leader Jim Murphy, who claimed he would write the party's budget north of the border.'	I knew that [ he would n't be writing it ] already -- because I'm writing the Labour Party budget,' Mr Salmond declared to cheers at a fundraising event.	He also joked that he would'check his top pocket' -- a reference to a Conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket.	It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to join forces to warn of a looming'constitutional crisis'.	They questioned the legitimacy of the SNP's plan to try to put Ed Miliband in Downing Street, even if Labour wins fewer seats at the Election.	Earlier in the day, the Prime Minister had tweeted the footage of Mr Salmond with the message:'This footage will shock you: Alex Salmond laughs & boasts he'll write Labour's budget.	Vote Conservative to stop it.'	Mr Cameron, in his first joint interview with the London Mayor, his chief rival to the Tory leadership, said:'In the last 48 hours the SNP have said'no money spent on defence projects unless you get rid of Trident'.	'No HS2 unless it starts in Scotland'.	'You have now got Salmond saying he wants to write Ed Miliband's budget.	That's before this has even happened.	Imagine how much worse it would be, imagine how many pockets would be picked if this were to happen.	'The stakes at this election have always been high.	It's about sticking with a plan that's working or risking it with Ed Miliband.	But frankly the stakes have got much higher because of what's happening in Scotland with the SNP potentially wiping out Labour.	'The way to avoid that outcome which would be unstable, bad for the economy, bad for jobs, bad for living standards, bad for this country's prospects, the way to avoid it is to vote Conservative.'	The London Mayor, deployed to inject more passion into the Tory campaign, claimed it would mean'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1 to Scotland'.	'Lots of people... people who might even have voted Labour... will think that this is a constitutional crisis,' he added.	Mr Johnson, who is seeking to return to the Commons in the West London seat of Uxbridge and South Ruislip, also said a Labour government dependent on the SNP's support would be'totally shambolic'.	The SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung parliament, but it is ready to do a deal with Labour, even if it finishes in second place.	It would be the first time since 1924 that a second-placed party had formed a government.	Mr Miliband dismissed Mr Salmond's claim in the footage as'fantasy and nonsense'.	But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes in a hung parliament.	Alex Salmond boasted that he would write Labour's first budget because the SNP would hold the balance of power.	Mr Salmond also joked that he would'check his top pocket' -- a reference to a Conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket (pictured above).	'We are going to be writing the first Labour budget,' he told BBC Radio Five Live.	The Labour leader insisted he had no plans to negotiate, adding:' I am going to put a Labour Queen's Speech before the Commons and people will have to decide how they vote.'	Mr Miliband also accused Mr Cameron of'trying to stir up English hatred against the Scots' by highlighting the threat posed by the SNP's Left-wing agenda.	Responding to the leaked footage, Mr Salmond said Mr Cameron should'try holding a few public meetings and meeting real people -- and develop a sense of humour'.	Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has boasted that'whoever holds the balance holds the power' in Parliament.	The video of Mr Salmond's remarks came after David Cameron tweeted the footage online earlier today.	The Prime Minister said Labour had not ruled out a deal with the SNP and would be held to'ransom' by Mr Salmond.	'The point made in a light-hearted way was that Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy had been slapped down by his party bosses at Westminster and told that he would have no role in a Labour budget,' Mr Salmond said.	'David Cameron is clearly a prime minister with both a people bypass and a sense of humour bypass.'	It came as Nicola Sturgeon, Mr Salmond's successor, set out another policy demand for the entire UK, saying that SNP MPs would vote for a # 24billion increase in NHS spending.	Last night, Labour deployed former prime minister Gordon Brown, who claimed the only way Mr Cameron can win the election'is to build resentment in Scotland of the English and resentment in England of the Scots'.	However, he also warned that an SNP surge could lead to'months of constitutional chaos'.	SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon was out campaigning today in the Portobello area of Edinburgh where she posed with a sign highlighting her hope of a hung parliament.	Ms Sturgeon has called for an increase in government spending of some # 148billion and demanded her MPs have a say over the running of the whole of the UK, raising the prospect of Scottish nationalists calling the shots on policies which only apply south of the border.	EU bank warns of Labour risk to UK jobs.	By Hugo Duncan, Economics Correspondent for the Daily Mail.	A Labour government propped up by the Scottish nationalists could be'bad news for growth and jobs', one of Europe's biggest banks warned last night.	Analysts at ING said that in return for helping Ed Miliband get into No. 10, the SNP would push for more public spending and even another referendum on Scottish independence.	According to the bank, this could dent global investors' confidence in the UK'as questions are raised over the durability of the country as it stands'.	The report also claimed that a referendum on Britain's future in the EU -- as promised by the Conservatives --'throws up concerns regarding trade'.	'Both the future of Scotland and its relationship with the rest of the UK together with the UK's future relationship with the EU are issues that are causing concern among investors,' said James Knightley, senior economist at ING.	Mr Knightley said Britain has attracted more foreign direct investment than any other EU country in recent years -- a crucial driver of growth.	'Political and economic uncertainty from the election means this could change, which would be bad news for growth and jobs,' he added.
Asian-American rock band The.	Slants, who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term.	usually considered a racial slur, can not trademark the name.	because it is disparaging, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Monday.	The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal.	Circuit rejected the band's argument that the government's.	refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights.	The ruling could have implications for the high-profile.	fight over whether the National Football League's Washington.	Redskins should lose its trademarks.	The Slants, who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur, can not trademark the name because it is disparaging, a U.S. appeals court has ruled.	The Portland, Oregon-based band, which plays a kind of.	grunge music it calls Chinatown Dance Rock, applied for.	trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the.	grounds the name disparaged Asians.	The band appealed.	Its lawyer, Ronald Coleman, argued that.	the name was a healthy reappropriation of a term usually.	considered a slur, much like the lesbian motorcycle club Dykes.	on Bikes, which did get a trademark.	The band argued that in acting as a'referee of political.	correctness,' the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office violated the.	First Amendment.	The three-judge panel of the Federal Circuit said there was.	evidence the term is offensive to people of Asian descent.	It.	said that there was no free speech violation since a refusal to.	federally register a trademark does not prevent the applicant.	from still using it.	The Portland, Oregon-based band, which plays a kind ofgrunge music it calls Chinatown Dance Rock, applied fortrademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on thegrounds the name disparaged Asians.	Despite upholding the rejection of The Slants trademark,.	U.S. Circuit Judge Kimberly Moore said in a separate,.	non-binding opinion that it might be time to revisit the federal.	trademark law's disparagement provisions, which she said.	probably would not hold up under current free speech laws.	The.	U.S. Supreme Court has said that even though some speech may be.	offensive, that'does not justify its suppression,' she said.	The case has parallels to the Washington Redskins' lawsuit.	against five Native Americans who successfully convinced the PTO.	in June to cancel the NFL team's trademarks because that name.	disparages Native Americans.	The team is appealing the.	cancellation, saying the disparagement provision violates the.	First Amendment.	Coleman called Monday's opinion'unnecessarily politicized' and said the band would likely seek review of the decision by.	the full Federal Circuit court.	The USPTO declined to comment.	The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the FederalCircuit rejected the band's argument that the government's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights.
Ben Thurlow, who has been spared jail after drunkenly attacking a female paramedic who tried to treat him after he sustained a head injury in a fight.	A jilted lover who drunkenly assaulted a female paramedic as she tried a treat a head injury that he sustained has been spared jail.	Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in Driffield, East Yorkshire.	The 23-year-old, who was suffering from a suspected concussion, shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance where he was being treated.	Emergency crews even called called Thurlow's friends and family in an attempt to calm him down.	Police were then called and two officers were forced to escort Thurlow in the ambulance while he was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary.	But on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson by knocking her over.	At Beverley Magistrates Court, Thurlow of Druffield who had pleaded guilty to common assault, was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.	At a previous hearing, the court heard how Thurlow has been drinking heavily in pubs in Driffield town centre after splitting up with his girlfriend.	He had planned to propose to her before discovering she had been unfaithful, the court was told.	Colette Dixon, prosecuting, told the court:'When paramedics arrived it was 50 minutes before they had some sort of control over the defendant.'	She added that he has caused'suffering and obvious pain' to Ms Hudson.	In a victim statement read out to the court, the paramedic said:'NHS staff should be able to provide care in a safe environment, free from violence and physical assault.	Since the incident, I have been off work sick for weeks.	I returned to light duties, but found these too painful and went off sick again.'	I have always been very active with my children, so it has affected my family life an I have found these things difficult.'	Rachael Davis, mitigating, said that Thurlow had written a letter of apology to Ms Hudson, expressing remorse at his actions.	She said:'This lady did receive a number of injuries.	That is absolutely clear.	'The defendant at the time was in a state of emotional stress as well as being the victim of a very nasty assault and had a nasty head injury as a result.	Thurlow had been drinking in pubs in Driffield town centre, pictured, when he was attacked and need treatment for a head injury.	'He was suffering from concussion and did n't know what was going on.	It is completely clear he was not in control of his actions.	'When the evidence was put to him he fully accepted what he has done.	'There was a lack of pre-meditation with this case and a demonstration of remorse that goes above and beyond the normal course.	'He has found himself in a situation that he never wants to find himself in again.	'Because of the state he was in he was n't able to accept the help of his family and friends.'	But sentencing Thurlow, Anne Farnsworth, chair of the bench, said:'We have considered the case and found you assaulted a paramedic over a long period of time due to drink.	'You have caused her to miss a great deal of work as a result.	'We accept you are very remorseful however we are very much of the view this incident meets the threshold of a custodial sentence.'	Paramedics were forced to call police, who had to escort Thurlow in the ambulance which took him to Hull Royal Infirmary, pictured.	He was also ordered to pay # 1,750 in compensation as well as pay # 85 in court costs and an # 80 victim surcharge.	A spokesperson for Yorkshire Ambulance Service NHS Trust said:'Ambulance service staff do a difficult job, often in challenging circumstances.	'Physical and verbal attacks on any member of NHS staff are completely unacceptable and we are doing everything we can to prevent them.	'The safety of staff is of paramount importance to Yorkshire Ambulance Service and we operate a zero tolerance policy ; action will be taken against those who are violent or aggressive towards our staff.	'Staff are never knowingly sent into dangerous or violent situations, and operate with close support from the police.	Every precaution is taken to protect the safety of staff - this includes conflict resolution training.'
Being crammed into cattle class is one of the most dreadful experiences for travellers, but aeroplane seats of the future are poised to make it a little more enjoyable.	Designers around the world are creating economy and premium economy seats that are comfier and provide more legroom, and some of them have radical changes from today's chairs.	But passengers should n't expect any instant relief -- these seats with reclining backrests, innovative armrests and ergonomic designs are still a few years off -- and there's nothing they can do to stop a crying baby or noisy sleeper.	Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat.	Acro's'Series 7' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials.	The seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants.	Passengers who are willing to pay a little extra for a seat in premium economy -- which brings more legroom and some of the perks of business class -- could one day sit in seats designed by Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating.	Located next to Gatwick Airport, the firm is reshaping the future of the cabin that straddles business and economy with thinner and lighter seats that are designed with comfort and safety in mind.	The'Series 7' seats, unveiled at last week's Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg, Germany,.	Managing director Chris Brady said the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants.	He told MailOnline Travel:'We believe that comfort is found in the spaces between seats.	Chris Brady, Acro's managing director, said big seats that are'lazily padded' take up legroom.	Acro currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as KLM, Thomas Cook and Spirit.	'Padding is not a proxy for comfort, padding is a lazy way of delivering the right shape.	What you really want to do is deliver a shape that is ergonomically proper -- so the hips are n't shifted forward and the back is a little bit reclined.'	He added:'If you have a big, fat six-inch seat that is lazily padded you are taking five inches of legroom.	In our case our seat is less than half an inch thick at its thickest.'	Mr Brady said the seats -- with an aluminium chassis, composite materials and hand-stitched leather armrests -- must pass an onerous certification process, meaning they wo n't actually fly until 2017.	The firm, which received a Queen's Award for Enterprise this week, currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as KLM, Thomas Cook and Spirit.	Thompson Aero Seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience.	The'Cozy Suite' has seats positioned at a slight diagonal angle, with dedicated sleeping positions.	In Northern Ireland, Thompson Aero Seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience.	The firm's'Cozy Suite' would see seats positioned at a slight diagonal angle to give the passenger in the middle a little more breathing room.	Based south-west of Belfast, the company said the'innovative and flexible solution' could be applied to economy and premium economy cabins.	It said the unconventional design offers increased seat and shoulder width, individual armrests, a dedicated sleeping position, improved egress and easier access to the aisle.	Hong Kong's Paperclip Design may have solved the elbow war problem with a dual-user armrest.	The'Meerkat Seat' concept has a number of features to improve comfort and store belongings.	One of passengers' biggest gripes -- especially for those stuck in the middle seat -- is the battle for the armrest.	But Hong Kong's Paperclip Design may have solved the elbow war problem with a unique'double-decker' armrest on long-haul economy seats designed by James Lee.	The armrest is shaped like a paperclip, allowing two passengers to use the armrest.	Mr Lee's'Meerkat Seat' concept is intended for long-haul flights in economy, with a number of features to help those who bring too many of their possessions on board.	The backrest allowing passengers to relax without crushing the knees of the person seated behind them.	The reclining seats have enough space for belongings, plus a stand for tablets and a fixed cup holder.	Passengers in the'Meerkat Seat' have a footrest and a personal cabinet instead of a seat pocket.	It features a reclining backrest for sleeping, a tray with a stand for tablet computers and a footrest under the chair in front.	The backrest seats offer an alternative to the traditional recliner mode -- allowing passengers to relax without crushing the knees of the person seated behind them.	The lower portion of the backrest cushion detaches, pushing the traveller forward in a'deep recline' position, allowing them to stretch their legs out in front.	Mr Lee's design include a fixed cup holder -- meaning the tray could be stowed -- a personal cabinet instead of a seat pocket, a hook for headphones, a vanity mirror and a shared literary rack between every two seats.
Middlesbrough bounced back from defeat to Watford with a convincing 2-0 win over struggling Rotherham United.	After losing by the same scoreline on Easter Monday, Aitor Karanka's kept their automatic promotion hopes alive with their 14th home win of the season thanks to second-half goals by Lee Tomlin and Patrick Bamford, who also missed a late penalty.	But with the top three sides all winning, Boro stayed fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table.	Lee Tomlin (centre) scored the opening goal in Middlesbrough's 2-0 win at home to Rotherham on Saturday.	Tomlin (centre) is mobbed by his Middlesbrough team-mates after his fine solo effort gives them the lead.	Middlesbrough: Konstantopoulos, Kalas, Gibson, Ayala (Woodgate, 70), Friend, Clayton (Whitehead, 79), Forshaw, Adomah, Tomlin (Nsue Lopez, 85), Bamford, Garcia Martinez.	Subs not used: Ripley, Vossen, Amorebieta, Wildschut.	Goals: Tomlin 50, Bamford 66.	Rotherham: Martinez, Hunt, Broadfoot, Wood, Lafferty, Smallwood, Arnason, (Frecklington, 69) Bowery, Green (Sammon, 76), Hammill, Derbyshire (Ward, 59).	Subs not used:.	Booked: Arnason, Frecklington.	Referee: Iain Williamson.	Attendance: 19,537.	After a quiet start, Boro soon started to find their feet and when Rotherham failed to clear a corner in the 10th minute, returning defender Daniel Ayala tried an ambitious bicycle kick which went straight into Emiliano Martinez's hands.	The home side dominated the first half and on the half-hour they had two bites at the cherry.	First Ayala's header was cleared off the line before Tomlin's follow-up shot was blocked.	It was Albert Adomah's turn to have a pop three minutes later when he shot from just inside the area, but Martinez did well to get down to it, and he was also denied by Danny Lafferty on the line minutes later.	The opening goal came five minutes into the second half when Tomlin pressed forward and the Millers defenders stood off the forward, allowing him time and space to plant a low shot past Martinez.	The United keeper had to be on his toes again five minutes after the goal when Kike played a smart ball in behind the defence for Bamford, but Martinez did well to smother the ball at his feet.	Kike had a shot saved on the hour before Bamford doubled Boro's lead six minutes later with his 16th goal of the season.	Tomlin laid the ball off for the Chelsea forward and he took one touch before coolly rolling the ball past Martinez into the bottom corner.	Rotherham had a rare shot at goal after 73 minutes when substitute Lee Frecklington hit a powerful drive which had Dimi Konstantopoulos beaten but it flew past his post.	Patrick Bamford (left) doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish.	The 21-year-old celebrates his strike, taking his personal tally to 16 league goals this season so far.	But it was Boro who looked like the only side capable of scoring and the third nearly came in the 77th minute when Tomlin clipped an exquisite ball to the back post but Bamford's first-time half-volley was easily saved by Martinez at his near post.	Sub Emilio Nsue should have made it three with two minutes to go when he had an open goal but his shot was deflected just wide.	And from the resulting corner Kike met Adam Forshaw's ball with a thumping header which Martinez had to tip over the bar.	Bamford should have bagged his 17th goal of the season when Richard Wood brought Kike down in the area, but the forward's poor spot-kick was saved by Martinez.	However, the on loan Chelsea star failed to add to his tally late on when he saw his penalty saved.
Not many players have experienced Champions League success on the same scale as former Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos.	The brilliant Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos, lifting the famous trophy in 1998, 2000 and 2002.	Here, Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they've made his Champions League dream team.	Roberto Carlos, pictured lifting the Champions League trophy in 2002 (right), has picked his dream team.	GOALKEEPER.	Iker Casillas.	One of the great goalkeepers in history, the titles he has won with Madrid is incredible.	To play in goal at 19 years age in a Champions League final is unheard of.	Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas lifts the Champions League trophy after victory against Atletico Madrid.	DEFENDERS.	Cafu.	Played with him for many years for Brazil, and I think he is the best right back of my lifetime and of any lifetime.	One of the top five Brazilian players ever.	Cafu, pictured celebrating a goal for AC Milan in 2004, played with Roberto Carlos for Brazil.	Paolo Maldini.	Played against him for Madrid and Brazil, and he always showed so much composure as a defender.	The sort of composure you want to be playing alongside.	Former AC Milan captain Paolo Maldini won the Champions League on five occasions during his career.	Fabio Cannavaro.	How often do defenders win world player of the year?	The fact Fabio did, tells you everything you need to know.	Fabio Cannavaro, pictured kissing the Ballon d'Or trophy in November 2006, lines up in Carlos' defence.	Roberto Carlos.	I had to pick myself ; the attacking players need some competition when it comes to taking free kicks.	Carlos, pictured holding the Champions League trophy in 2000, has picked himself at left back.	MIDFIELD.	Clarence Seedorf.	You do n't win the Champions League with three different clubs without being a special player, but what many people do not know he is such a leader.	He was always ready to teach and to advise.	Special player and a special man.	Clarence Seedorf, pictured with the Champions League trophy in 2007, has triumphed with three clubs.	Claude Makelele.	Playing with Makelele made players feel safe, if you made a mistake he would be there to clear it up.	We really missed him when he left for Chelsea.	Carlos admits that Real Madrid missed Claude Makelele's influence when he left the club to sign for Chelsea.	Zinedine Zidane.	One of the all-time greats, what Zizou could do with a football will be remembered forever.	An honour to say I have played with him.	Zinedine Zidane scores a memorable goal against Bayer Leverkusen in the 2002 Champions League final.	ATTACK.	Ronaldinho.	Magic feet, but was not just about tricks -- he created and scored the goals to match his ability.	Ronaldinho kisses the Champions League trophy after helping Barcelona beat Arsenal in 2006.	Luis Figo.	He was so good ; he used to give me such a hard time when we played Barcelona.	When he signed for Madrid I thought excellent, until I then realised I would get a hard time every day in training.	Carlos celebrates a goal with Real Madrid team-mate Luis Figo during a Champions League group stage game.	Ronaldo.	Born to score goals, any type of goal, he could score them all.	A great friend and the most complete striker I have ever seen.	Former Real Madrid striker Ronaldo leads the line in Carlos' Champions League dream team (right).
The finish might have been uncharacteristically scruffy, scored after his first shot came back off the keeper, but it was a landmark goal for Lionel Messi at the Nou Camp on Saturday as he made it 400 goals for Barcelona in a 2-0 win over Valencia.	Messi scored with the last kick and Luis Suarez scored with practically his first, putting Barcelona 1-0 up after just 56 seconds.	Between the two strikes Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty as Valencia dominated the first half but they could n't make their pressure tell.	For Messi, still only 27, it was another milestone.'	I hope to score many more,' he wrote on his Facebook page.	Lionel Messi (left), Luis Suarez (centre) and Neymar celebrate Suarez's goal in the first minute for Barcelona against Valencia.	Suarez (left) lashed the ball in after neat play from Messi to continue his fine form for Barcelona.	Valencia enjoyed a better first half, despite the scoreline and captain Dani Parejo missed a penalty in the ninth minute.	Bravo celebrates his penalty save but Barcelona were fortunate to take a lead into half time.	Messi tapped in Barcelona's second goal in stoppage time to seal the victory over Valencia.	The Argentine has reached the 400 goal total in just 471 games with 309 goals in the league, 75 in the Champions League and 32 in the Copa del Rey.	Goals in the World Club Cup and the Spanish and European Super Cup have also made up the stratospheric total.	He also has 141 assists to his name in those 471 matches.	Afterwards Luis Enrique said:'Messi gave us what he always gives us.	But it's not just about him it's about the whole forward line and the whole team.'	Suarez was once again decisive after his two goals in midweek against PSG in the Champions League and he is now just six games from picking up a league winners medal in his first season.	The early strike would have counted for nothing however if Valencia had made their first-half domination pay and had Bravo not stopped that eighth-minute penalty.	As Messi raced from inside his own half to get the late late second, Enrique could be seen jumping up and down in the technical area long before the ball was in the back of the net.	He knows what a major hurdle his side have now cleared.	The victory sees Luis Enrique's side move five points away from Real Madrid, who take on Malaga later on Saturday.	Messi skips past two Valencia challenges as Barcelona secured an important win against La Liga's fourth placed side.	Messi attempts an acrobatic kick for Barcelona against Valencia in the La Liga encounter at the Nou Camp on Saturday.	Barcelona were ahead inside the first minute with a move that swept from one end of the pitch to the other starting with Bravo releasing the ball quickly and finishing with a first time finish from Suarez past Diego Alves into far corner.	Between the two Barca moved the ball quickly with Sergi Busquets releasing Messi and his pass poked home by the Uruguayan who has now scored 12 goals in his last 12 games.	Far from being shell-shocked by the early set-back Valencia unleashed the big guns and Barcelona were under-fire for the rest of the first half.	Paco Alcacer and Rodrigo both went close and were running an out-of-sorts Gerard Pique ragged.	On eight minutes Valencia should have equalized.	Rodrigo went down easily under a half challenge from Pique.	It was a generous spot-kick and Bravo got down well to Parejo's kick to save it.	With a full Camp Nou sensing that a win here would be a huge step towards the title for Barcelona, and Valencia in a scrap of their own to finish in the top four the game was being played at cup final pace.	Parejo flattened Busquets who for once he did n't need to exaggerate the fall as he crashed to ground.	And full-back Orban risked a first half sending off with foul after foul.	He was shown a yellow and never appeared for the second period.	Adding to the drama was the panic in Barcelona's defence.	Pique was either failing to stay on his feet or giving the ball to Valencia forwards.	The falling down was contagious with Adriano -- another who did n't come out for the second half -- also losing his footing despite the perfect playing conditions.	Neymar (right) attempts a diving header for Barcelona as his side looked to increase their lead at the top of La Liga.	Barcelona have a five-point lead over Madrid, who could cut the deficit to two points with victory over Malaga.	Alcacer continued to threaten.	It's not difficult to see why on-loan Manchester City forward Alvaro Negredo, who Valencia are obliged to buy this summer, can not get a game at the moment.	It is also why many Spain supporters think Diego Costa should not be Vicente Del Bosque's first choice.	Alcacer led the line and with Sofiane Feghouli and Rodrigo buzzing around him.	Valencia gave Barcelona more problems than any visiting side at the Nou Camp this season.	Alcacer came the closest in what remained of the first half making room for a shot from the edge of the area and hitting the base of Bravo's post but Barca remained a threat on the break.	In their best move Messi and Suarez linked with Neymar who pulled the ball back to Xavi instead of finishing.	The midfielder set-up Messi and his shot flashed wide.	Games at the Nou Camp can be like bull fights that used to be held in Catalonia before they were banned.	Everyone in the arena knows the bull loses, it's just a matter of when.	But Valencia had worn the horns in the first half and Barcelona were relieved to get down the tunnel at half time still in one piece and still 1-0 up.	The second half brought more calm to a Barcelona defence that now had Mascherano back alongside Pique after his first half spent in midfield.	Valencia carried less threat and Barca went close with Neymar heading wide and Messi hitting the bar with a free-kick.	He won a the kick with a brilliant run away from Parejo who up-ended him and his effort beat Diego Alves but not the frame of the goal.	With 25 minutes left he moved to centre-forward as Suarez was taken off.	There was no Neymar style sulk as he made his way off to a thunderous reception from the home fans.	He goes into Tuesday's game against PSG looking for his 20th goal of what has been an excellent first season.	Negredo replaced Alcacer and immediately Valencia had their best chance of the second half with Bravo palming away Rodrigo's shot.	But there was to be no reward for all their fire and invention and when Messi raced clear to score the second with the last kick of the game it was all over in every sense.
January, it is said, is a bad time to do business.	Either prices are inflated or you're picking up problem players other clubs do n't want.	This year, it seems, has proved no different.	Big-money buys have struggled to impact, while loan signings, too, have not had the desired effect.	Here, Sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers... Juan Cuardrado arrived at Chelsea for # 23m from Fiorentina but has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge.	Juan Cuadrado (Chelsea).	For a fee in the region of # 23m and arriving from Fiorentina with a reputation bloated by his impressive performance for Colombia at last summer's World Cup, Cuadrado was expected to help fire Chelsea towards the Premier League and Champions League crowns.	In nearly three months, however, he has played just over three hours of top-flight football, failing to score or create a goal in that period.	The Colombian winger arrived with a big reputation after starring at the 2014 World Cup.	Meanwhile, during the Champions League exit to PSG, Cuadrado appeared for just 11 minutes and remained a spectator as they were eliminated following the second leg at Stamford Bridge.	Perhaps next season was always pencilled in for the explosive winger to make his impact, but the jury remains very much out based on his early efforts.	Wilfried Bony (Man City).	With Sergio Aguero perennially troubled by injury problems and Edin Dzeko about as reliable as his team-mate's hamstrings, # 28m Swansea striker Bony was supposed to be the man to take on the scoring mantle and see home City's defence of their title.	Wilfried Bony has netted only one goal as Manchester City have slipped out of the title race.	His arrival, of course, was delayed by participation at the Africa Cup of Nations, but Bony has done little to breathe new life into City's stuttering season.	There has been just one goal -- the opener in a routine 3-0 home win over West Brom -- and he has missed the last two matches -- including the derby defeat at Manchester United -- after turning an ankle in training.	The former Swansea striker scored more Premier League goals than any other player in 2014.	He has started just two games and his involvement during the Champions League defeat to Barcelona was restricted to 18 minutes at the Nou Camp.	Bony will have to hit the ground running next season or his days at City could soon be numbered.	Mauro Zarate (QPR).	Perhaps the Argentinian should have taken the hint when Harry Redknapp tried to send him back to West Ham before he had even kicked a ball for the R's.	Mauro Zarate has failed to make an impression at Loftus Road during his loan.	Premier League rules meant he had to stay and, four substitute appearances later, Zarate is yet to score or lay on a goal for his latest employers.	Zarate fared slightly better at Birmingham City in 2008 when, during another loan stay, he netted four times.	Zarate scored two goals in seven appearances for West Ham before being farmed out on loan.	That, though, was not enough to keep the Blues in the Premier League and it looks as if he'll have a second relegation on his C.V. come May.	Callum McManaman (West Brom).	The # 4.75 m capture of McManaman from Wigan was hailed as something of a coup given how he had impressed for the Latics on occasion.	Callum McManaman's move to the Hawthorns has coincided with West Brom's slip into relegation battle.	But therein lies the problem with the combative forward -- getting him on the pitch and keeping him there.	Talented, no doubt, but McManaman's progress at The Hawthorns has been curtailed by an ankle problem and six appearances later he is yet to trouble the scorers.	The Scotland international was one of the stars of Wigan's unlikely FA Cup victory in 2013.	He has n't featured for over a month and, in that time, West Brom have slid back towards the relegation mire.	McManaman's arrival was intended to help safeguard against such a scenario, so in that respect the signing has disappointed.	Filip Djuricic (Southampton).	Big things were expected of the Serbia international given Ronald Koeman's prior knowledge of the skilful winger -- who played for Heerenveen in Holland - and Southampton's recent record in the transfer market.	Ronald Koeman brought in the talented forward, but Filip Djuricic is yet to complete 90mins for the Saints.	There have been flashes of promise but the 23-year-old is yet to play a full 90 minutes for the Saints and now finds himself sidelined with an ankle problem.	Djuricic -- on loan from Benfica -- wants to make permanent his stay on the south coast, but injury could rob him of the chance to impress.	The on-loan Benfica winger (left) will have to do more to make his move to St Mary's permanent.
There are moments when Falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of Manchester United and it all comes flooding back.	This could have been just the start.	He made his name with Porto, adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for Atletico Madrid and Monaco during five glorious years in European football.	Chelsea away is a tough one to come into ; thrown into the team to start at the Barclays Premier League leaders because Louis van Gaal was short of bodies.	Radamel Falcao strikes for goal but his effort is thwarted by Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Cortois.	Falcao competes for a high ball with Chelsea centre back Gary Cahill at Stamford Bridge.	The Colombian forward confronts Blues captain John Terry after the pair got tangled on the ground.	He has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams, with his meagre return coming in games against Everton, Aston Villa, Stoke City and Leicester City.	There were a couple of notable chances here, with a left foot effort flying wide of Thibaut Courtois' left hand post and another, ten minutes later, which bounced back off his upright.	It is sad to say but the knee injury he suffered in the build up to last summer's World Cup, when he gamely tried to recover in time to play for Colombia, has cost him that critical yard of pace.	In his heart he must know that.	The United forward was schooled here, denied space and room to breathe by the constant, intimidating presence of Chelsea's captain John Terry.	Falcao lost almost every key battle at Stamford Bridge.	When it all gets a bit narky out there, as it did in the movement leading up to Chelsea's opening goal, which was scored by Eden Hazard after 38 minutes, Terry excels.	Falcao and Marouane Fellaini stand dejected on the half-way line following Eden Hazard's first-half strike.	For a man of his experience Falcao should have been stronger, shielding the ball when he took a buffeting from Terry on the halfway line.	Seconds later, Chelsea had taken the lead.	There was another skirmish before the break, a collision that ended with Terry jabbing his finger in Falcao's face after they landed together in a crumpled heap.	Terry was on top of him, taking the responsibility for marking the United forward away from his central defensive partner Gary Cahill for large sections of this clash.	This central defensive pairing, with their constant communication, pass strikers over for fun these days.	Falcao was no different.	He looked like a man short of match fitness, the usual sharpness that is expected of a player in a game of this magnitude.	This was a start, but Falcao has been restricted to substitute appearances of late.	Falcao and Terry tangle once more as the United striker struggles to impose himself on the game.	He had just 19 touches in the first half, failing to take any of them in Chelsea's penalty area during a period when Van Gaal's team were almost operating at full throttle.	During Sir Alex Ferguson's era the club were blessed with great strikers, from Andrew Cole to Ruud van Nistelrooy to Wayne Rooney.	All of them pulled on the United shirt in their prime.	Ferguson was here at Stamford Bridge, watching this new team take shape under their Dutch coach - and he will know that they are crying out for a fully fit forward.	Falcao is indifferent, short of confidence (and goals) after a frustrating eight months since his move on loan from Monaco for the season was confirmed.	He is crying out for help, desperate to roll back the years after spending so much of the season out of the picture.	Sadly, for a man of his stature, he is trading on memories now.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night, but there was still plenty to talk about after the Champions League first leg.	Here Sportsmail looks at the five things we learned after the two bitter rivals clashed again in Europe.	Real Madrid must be careful with a talent like Raphael Varane.	Something has to give at Real Madrid.	Carlo Ancelotti's favoured centre-back partnership is Sergio Ramos and Pepe, but in Raphael Varane, who turns 22 later this month, they have a diamond.	Pepe's injury trouble recently has meant Varane has started a few games, continuing the education that began under Jose Mourinho.	Chelsea's coach has fluttered his eyelashes at the French international a few times during the past year, making sure he's in pole position should the defender become available.	Raphael Varane (left) impressed again for Real Madrid - and saved.	Varane will be thinking he is more than ready to be the starting centre-back for a Champions League team and with good reason.	His performance here was wise beyond his years and his lightning quick turn of pace can help mop up after any errors.	One sprint back to deny Mario Mandzukic was like watching a gazelle catch up with a rhino without even breaking sweat.	Varane saved his team at the death too, mopping up after Iker Casillas rushed out his goal and failed to reach the ball.	Jan Oblak is proving patience is a virtue.	Jan Oblak became the most expensive goalkeeper in Spanish football history when he signed for $16million from Benfica in the summer.	And then Diego Simeone promptly dumped him on the bench and installed another new player, Miguel Angel Moya, in goal.	There were reports in the Spanish media that the coach did not rate him, that Atletico wanted to sell him back to the Portuguese side.	When he finally played, it was a disaster, with the team losing 3-2 to Olympiakos and Oblak put back on the bench.	Jan Oblak (centre) denies Gareth Bale early on in the contest and the keeper had an impressive game.	Eventually an injury to Moya left Simeone with Oblak in goal against Bayer Leverkusen, where he became a hero in the penalty shoot-out which secured the team passage to this round of the Champions League, and Atletico Madrid's goalkeeper was brilliant again against Madrid.	The Slovenian stopper was the only thing standing between Real Madrid and a hatful of first-half goals.	Oblak's save from Gareth Bale - spreading himself wide and blocking the Welshman's strike with his right arm - after barely more than three minutes had elapsed was hugely important.	It was beautiful, crucial.	The amazing atmosphere generated by Atletico's supporters would have been dented by a goal that early.	Oblak makes a superb save to deny James Rodriguez (third left) from opening the scoring for Real Madrid.	Better was still to come, Oblak making a superb save from a James Rodriguez snap shot, which he did n't see until very late, the highlight of a first-half in which he made six stops.	It was altogether reminiscent of the backbone Atletico relied on last season, with goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois essential in their La Liga triumph and road to the Champions League final.	And all this after sitting on the bench for half the season.	Another fruitless evening for Gareth Bale.	Nobody can say that Gareth Bale did n't work hard enough for Real Madrid here, but instead that he just was n't good enough.	The world's most expensive player endured another frustrating evening, which started in the worst way possible when he missed a one-on-one chance.	Played in down the right, Bale had the ball on his favoured left foot, but his finish was too imprecise and Oblak made a brilliant save.	Bale did n't get involved much in the first half, with the game passing him by as sometimes it tends to do.	Bale (left) worked hard again for Madrid but failed to have the desired impact as Atletico kept him quiet.	Bale (right) sees a shot saved by Atletico keeper Oblak as he endured another frustrating night.	He upped the effort in the second period but to little effect.	Working back in the right-back position he tried to skin Guilherme Siqueira, but the Atletico man nudged him and Bale tumbled.	No free kick.	In attack he nearly eked out an opportunity for Cristiano Ronaldo towards the end, but the Portugal striker was instantly closed down.	It was that kind of night for Real Madrid, and yet another one for Gareth Bale.	Mad Mario does n't play for Liverpool... he's at Atletico.	Atletico Madrid are good at replacing their strikers, after they are perennially taken by bigger teams.	Fernando Torres was replaced by Sergio Aguero, who was replaced by Radamel Falcao, who was replaced by Diego Costa, who has now been replaced by Mario Mandzukic.	While the Croatian has n't quite lived up to the Chelsea striker's standards in terms of crucial goals, he's as ready for a fight as the Spaniard, and that's saying something.	Mandzukic, like Costa, also gets short shrift from the referee, with his reputation going before him.	He riled Dani Carvajal up so much here that the Real Madrid defender snapped and punched him in the chest.	The theatrics that followed were part of his skill set of dark arts too, even if referee Milorad Mazic was n't buying.	Mario Mandzukic was left bloodied after a stray elbow from Sergio Ramos but got little sympathy from the ref.	Ramos and Mandzukic clash, leaving the Altetico Madrid striker needing treatment for a head injury.	A stray elbow from Sergio Ramos left Mandzukic with blood sprayed across his face, but he knows what the deal is at Atletico -- the pleasure comes with the pain.	Eventually it was the striker who ended up, somewhat harshly, in the Serb's notebook for fighting too hard in an aerial duel.	Although he could n't find the net himself, his hold-up play was essential in giving Atletico some breathing room and it's for the best that a row with Diego Simeone seems to have been buried.	History says it's advantage Atletico.	This season Real Madrid have taken on Atletico seven times and not won once.	This was the third draw ; Diego Simeone's side have won the other four games.	The Argentine coach will be pleased with this result, because now a goalscoring draw at the Santiago Bernabeu next Wednesday will see his team through.	So far this season Madrid have scored four times against Atletico, while the Rojiblancos have netted 12 in reply, including five at the Bernabeu.	Antoine Griezmann (left) will be crucial to Atletico Madrid's chances of winning in the Santiago Bernabeu.	Madrid will be obliged to attack and that will suit Atletico just fine.	Simeone's side are built to resist and with Antoine Griezmann up front, they will be able to hit Los Blancos on the counter.	Last season Chelsea came to the Vicente Calderon and fought for a 0-0 draw.	They took that back to Stamford Bridge and were soundly beaten by Atletico Madrid, 3-1 at home.	Simeone will feel quietly confident his men can repeat the trick once more.	Furthermore, like for the 4-0 humbling Madrid suffered in February, Marcelo is suspended and Fabio Coentrao, who has been out of favour, will play.	Mario Suarez was booked against Madrid and suspended too, but Tiago Mendes can slot in for him without much fuss.
A prosecutor is calling for an investigation into allegations the reserve deputy accused of shooting a suspect dead instead of reaching for his Taser received preferential treatment when he was recruited.	A memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Robert Bates, 73, when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office.	Documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates.	He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris during a botched sting on April 2.	Scroll down for video.	A memo has revealed that Robert Bates,73, who has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, was given special treatment when he was admitted into the Deputy program.	He is pictured leaving his arraignment in in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Tuesday.	According to Tulsa World, District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation after new information surfaced.	He said on Friday:' I am highly concerned about recent allegations that have surfaced and I have been in contact with independent law enforcement agencies regarding further investigation into these matters.'	'To protect the integrity of these investigations, I will not give details or comment further on any investigation that is underway,' he added.	The memo concludes Bates did n't receive special treatment for admittance into the deputy program, but that he received special treatment once admitted.	He was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops.	The inquiry came to the conclusion that high-ranking officers created an atmosphere where employees were intimidated about reporting violations of department policy.	The report says it was prepared for former Undersheriff Brian Edwards, who says he does n't remember its details.	Dan Smolen, the attorney for Eric Harris, claimed that if the investigation's findings had been acted on in 2009 Harris might still be alive.	He told CBS News:' I think there are so many people who look on at so much corruption it's more than just a couple of people.'	Sheriff's office spokesman Maj. Shannon Clark says he ca n't confirm the report but the department is preparing a statement.	Bates appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Harris, who was killed during a botched sting.	Charged: Bates (left in his mug shot) shot Harris (pictured right) and faces four years in prison if convicted.	Sheriff Stanley Glanz said this week he believes that Bates received his required training.	Bates, a Tulsa County volunteer, shot Harris, 44, after the man was confronted during an undercover gun-sale operation and ran past him.	Video of the incident shows Bates chasing after Harris.	In an attempt to subdue him, Bates went to grab his Taser, but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead.	In the disturbing clip, which was released by the sheriff's office, Bates can be heard shouting'Taser!	Taser!'	When the gunshot goes off, he says:' I shot him!	I'm sorry.'	The fatally-wounded father can be heard saying:'Oh my god, he shot me!	He shot me!	He shot me, man' before adding:'Oh, my god.	I'm losing my breath!'	Earlier this week the Harris family expressed their anger after learning that retired insurance executive Bates, who is out on $25,000 bond, would be allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas.	A statement released by the family read:'Whether intended or not, Mr. Bates' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric's life,' they said.	This photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up Bates's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in Tulsa earlier this month.	Harris is being held down on the ground, out of shot, by other deputies.	Harris' son Aidan Fraley (pictured right with his uncle Andre Harris a week after his father's death), has said the police officers who allowed Bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death.	'At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street, Mr. Bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege.'	It is not clear when he is leaving for the holiday but Bates will next appear in court on July 2.	He has previously visited the Bahamas with the sheriff, Stanley Glanz, and another reserve deputy and paid for part of Glanz's trip.	In separate news conferences on Monday, the county sheriff and lawyers for Harris' family disagreed on whether the reserve officer should have been allowed to conduct police work.	Sheriff Stanley Glanz said Bates, his long-time insurance agent and former campaign manager, had been properly trained and passed annual firearms certifications required by the state.	Dan Smolen, the lawyer for Harris' family, said the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office violated a number of its internal policies by letting Bates carry his personal handgun after training with another weapon.	Smolen also said the department failed to keep a permanent record of Bates' training, in violation of local policies.	Records Bates released during the weekend showed that the volunteer officer was trained on a.45, not the weapon used in Harris' death.	Bates, who sold his insurance business for $6 million in 1999, was trained to be a Tulsa Police Department patrolman in 1964 but left in 1965.	He was out of law enforcement for 35 years, returning for volunteer work in Florida in 2000 before joining the Tulsa County force in 2008 and making a number of donations to the agency.	He also was Glanz's campaign manager during the 2012 election.
A 24-year-old San Diego man.	was arrested and charged on Thursday with lying to federal agents about his involvement with.	Islamic State militants fighting in Syria, which has been documented on his Facebook page.	Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati faced two counts of making false.	statements involving international terrorism matters in US District Court of the Southern District of California.	Saeed, who was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17, is accused of making false statements during interviews.	with the FBI and other US authorities at the US Embassy in.	Ankara, Turkey, in March, the Justice Department said.	Terror suspect: Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants.	Family business: Saeed (left) is seen in a photograph taken in spring 2014 with his brother.	Mixed messages: Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members, but the FBI has found evidence to the contrary, including this Facebook photo.	The criminal complaint said Saeed falsely claimed he had not.	been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at.	anyone and did not know any Islamic State members.	He also said.	he had never told anyone he was involved with the Nusra Front.	and had never worked or volunteered at a Sharia court, it said.	Nusra Front is al Qaeda's Syrian arm.	'Evidence gathered during the investigation contradicts.	these and other statements Saeed made to the interviewing.	agents,' a Justice Department statement said.	Federal agents investigating Saeed, who immigrated to the US with his family at age 10, have uncovered incriminating Facebook photos and posts indicating his alleged involvement with Syrian militants.	One photo of Saeed posted on his Facebook page shows him with a man who officials say has sworn allegiance to ISIS.	Another photo of Saeed and his brother show them in the spring of 2014 when Saeed later admitted he shot up a Syrian prison.	Others images released by the Justice Department this week depict a heavily bearded Saeed brandishing powerful assault rifles, a faint smile on his lips.	In online chats and posts, Saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court, openly expressed his support for ISIS and claimed he had fought in a gun battle that lasted four months, reported Los Angeles Times.	Oversharing: In online chats and posts, Saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court, expressed his support for ISIS and claimed he had fought in a gun battle that lasted four months.	Terror tourism: The 24-year-old Californian traveled from San Diego to Istanbul and was in Syriaand Turkey until his return to the United States in March.	Bad company: This photo shows Saeed with a man who officials say has sworn allegiance to ISIS.	'I am currently the media person for the Shari'ah Authority,' Saeed is alleged to have boasted to a friend online.	In a December 2013 Facebook conversation, Saeed allegedly wrote,'I work with the brothers,' according to documents cited by NBC San Diego.	The 24-year-old Californian traveled from San Diego to Istanbul and was in Syria.	and Turkey until his return to the United States in March.	He was arrested Wednesday in Rancho Bernardo, located in.	the northern part of San Diego.	San Diego 6 reported that Saeed made his initial court appearance Thursday and was ordered held without bail after prosecutors argued that the 24-year-old terror suspect was a flight risk and posed a threat to the community.	He is due back in court next Tuesday for a detention hearing.
Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed for a year after orchestrating a scam to steal # 15,000 of goods from the Asda in Basildon, Essex, where he worked.	An Asda manager orchestrated a scam that used the supermarket's own delivery service to steal goods worth more than # 15,000 - then managed to land a job at Lidl after he was sacked.	Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed after running the scam where stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken from the store in Basildon, Essex, where he worked.	Southend Crown Court heard how the conspiracy was uncovered, following a period during which Gridley and colleague Jay Reed were under suspicion.	Thomas Daniel, prosecuting, told the court that goods, ranging from televisions to baby formula, were delivered to Reed's address and presumably sold on.	He said:'Two anonymous reports were received by Asda, one of which suggested Mr Gridley was involved in selling items believed to have been stolen, such as TVs and baby formula.	'When Mr Gridley was ill for a certain period of time, those deliveries stopped, and when he recovered they started again.	'Another email suggested stolen goods being delivered to the address of Mr Gridley's cousin.'	But shockingly, after being sacked from the store, Gridley managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.	Gridley, who was former home shopping manager of the store, was sentenced to 12 months for his leading role in a conspiracy to steal # 15,852.46 worth of goods between November 2013 and April last year.	The court heard that Reed and another defendant James Munyard had been pressured into taking part in the scam by Gridley, who was their superior.	Stock including alcohol, cigarettes were taken from shelves and delivered to addresses using the supermarket's own home delivery service.	File photo.	Section leader Reed, 23, and Munyard, 21, both avoided prison, but were given suspended sentences of eight and four months, respectively.	Mitchell Cohen, representing Munyard, told the court that his client, whose role was confined to taking items off shelves and putting them in a crate, had attempted to be transferred from the store in order to escape Gridley's control.	James Munyard (pictured) avoided jail for his part in the scam.	Reed was deemed to have been in a position of trust and responsibility in the criminal enterprise, but Recorder Gerard Pounder said he had a lesser role than Gridley, 26, and Munyard even less so.	Despite hearing Gridley, of Tilbury, financially supported his former partner and their two-year-old child but also his own father and grandparents, Recorder Pounder said he had no choice but to send him to prison.	He said:'You were in a position of supreme trust and you say you started this because of threats made regarding a drug debt of your cousin's, you continued even as those threats faded, and brought other people in, too.'	Sentencing Reed to eight months imprisonment, suspended for 18 months, and 200 hours' unpaid work, he said:'You were in a lesser role than Mr Gridley but you were a section leader and had responsibilities.	'In that respect you were somebody who knew the system and it was to your premises these items were taken - without that and your part in the enterprise, it would not have worked.'	Munyard, who Mr Cohen said'did n't have the spine to stand up to what he was being asked to do,' was sentenced to four months' imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, and 100 hours' unpaid work.	A spokesperson for Lidl told MailOnline they are unable to comment until an internal investigation has been conducted.
Currently showing in cinemas, the new documentary Montage of Heck claims to offer the most intimate glimpse yet into the life of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain.	But one Los Angeles resident can offer fans an even more intense taste of the singer's life, by letting them sleep in his house.	Cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district during the height of Nirvana-mania.	Scroll down for video.	The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on Spaulding Avenue L.A.'s Fairfax district.	A picture taken of Kurt Cobain in the early 90s, sitting on the end of the double bed he shared with Courtney Love.	And with a parrot resting on his head, of course.	The graffiti, however, has long since disappeared.	Now its current owner, Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb.	He wrote on the page advertising it:'The place is the perfect combination of comfort, style, location and... rock n' roll history.	'Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love lived in the home during the height of Nirvana's musical influence 91-92 to be specific.	'At the time, Kurt was focused on song writing and his artwork, much of which was created in the apartment.	'He (Cobain) was particularly into painting during this time and even decorated the walls in the living room and bedroom.'	'His favourite spot in the house: the bathtub.	In it, he wrote the song'Heart-Shaped Box.'	The couple lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born.	It is described as'beautiful, decorated and clean' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when Cobain moved out in 1992.	According to Charles R. Cross's 2001 Cobain biography Heavier Than Heaven, the singer and his wife rented the unit for $1,100 (# 727) a month.	During the time they lived there, Love was pregnant with Frances Bean Cobain, while Cobain was focusing on song writing and his artwork, much of which was created in the apartment.	Current guests will have to pay a little more to enjoy the central LA location, with Mr Kleinman offering the apartment for $4,5654 (# 3,016) a month, or $1,142 (# 754) a week (which works out at about $163 / # 108 per night).	Current guests will have to pay a little more to enjoy the central LA location, with Mr Kleinman offering the apartment for # 3016 a month, or # 108 a night.	Up to three guests can stay in one bedroom of the 1,500-square-foot, two-bedroom, two-bath flat.	One of four homes inside a 1920's building, it offers a large living room with seating, a dining area and a small but fully stocked kitchen.	It is described as'beautiful, decorated and clean' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when Cobain moved out in 1992, which showed graffiti on the walls and rubbish scattering every available surface.	The rooms where Cobain stayed have undergone a full renovation since he lived there.	Cobain moved out when Love was eight months pregnant after a leak in the bathtub damaged the guitars, music and other possessions he stored there.	Since then the place has been fully renovated and much of the idol's artwork has been covered up.	Mr Kleinman told Vulture magazine:'There's latex painting over the fireplace' It's owner suspects art painted by Cobain is hidden under layers of paint on the apartment's walls.'	I know there's tons of art painted on the actual mantel of the fireplace.	I want to see if there's a way to get under the layered paint, to see what he painted under there.''	I tried to get to the original hardwood floor in the hallway, but I ca n't,' he said.	'It's damaged because the bathtub leaked while Kurt and Courtney lived here.	That's why they moved out.'	The apartment is located in the middle of LA, five minutes from shopping mecca The Grove.
While time travel may be something that we've only seen in sci-fi films, some scientists believe it may be commonplace in as few as 85 years.	From biometric scanning to iPad-controlled hotel rooms, glimpses into the future of travel have already begun popping up in airports and resorts around the world.	Here, MailOnline Travel looks ahead at exactly what holidaymakers can expect from flights and accommodations in the future, and attempts to answer the age old question: when will teleportation become a reality?	What does the future of travel hold?	Think: biometric scanning, sustainable hotels and personalised bookings.	By 2030... In 15 years, digital advancements will have made the discovery, planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience.	'Travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on Amazon,' explains Skyscanner's CEO and Co-Founder Gareth Williams.	Instead of tapping away at your computer to book flights and accommodations, Global Futurist Daniel Burrus tells Skyscanner that in the future, each of us may have an'e-agent,' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery, that goes everywhere with us.	'It could have the face, voice and personality of our favourite actor or comedian and appear to use as a 3D hologram image, or inside a virtual environment, at our verbal command,' he explains.	The travel experience will become much more personalised in the next few years, including using biometrics.	While that seems a bit extreme, it's not outside the realm of possibility that the travel experience will become much more personalised in the next few years.	Computers, through analysing our searches online and cross-referencing our preferences, will be able to use predictive algorithms to make tailored suggestions.	This predictive software, as it's known, will also likely take into consideration the personal data we post about ourselves on social media when developing detailed itineraries.	And when we do jet off, it will be even easier than it is today.	The flight-booking site believes that major technological advances will have eliminated the need for check-in lines and desks.	Instead, you will be able to drop your bag at automated points in the terminal.	Forget having to carry a passport, digital scanning technology will make check-in a seamless process.	'Biometric face recognition software and machine-readable passports - incorporating a digital boarding pass - will mean that clearing customs will take less than a minute, and high-speed laser molecular scanners will security check hand luggage in seconds as you walk past them toward the departure lounge without even breaking your stride,' Steve Tooze, special projects editor at The Future Laboratory tells MailOnline Travel.	In fact, we may not even need to wait a decade and a half.	At Incheon airport in Seoul, South Korea, for example, departures will soon operate a biometric immigration system, using facial recognition and machine-readable passports, and at Singapore Changi Airport's T4, which is due to open in 2017, many similar technologies will also be utilised.	And while we may see the beginning of space travel by 2030, many expect the hotel of choice to be those located underwater.	Though today, underwater rooms are considered a rare luxury, many out-to-sea hotels are currently being developed - such as Dubai's Water Discus Hotel - and will undoubtedly change the accommodation landscape entirely.	Today, underwater hotel rooms are considered rare luxuries, they're expected to become more mainstream.	By 2050... Plane manufacturer, Airbus, recently predicted the development of travel trends over the next 50 years and their planes look like something out of a sci-fi film.	According to the company, passengers will be able to relax in massage seats that serve drinks and vitamins, as well as provide either a sea breeze or fresh pine scent.	Sound showers will help ensure the perfect night's sleep, while special shades will help block out the light.	Plane manufacturer, Airbus, believes that planes in 2050 will be made of panoramic windows.	Such stunning windows will make for 360-degrees views of the world's wonders and attractions.	But if you prefer a view, the plane will also be made up of panoramic windows that can turn transparent at the wave of a hand.	And bonus: such a 360-degree view would offer incredible views of world wonders and attractions.	Taking a page from some long-haul carriers, bars will also become more prevalent on flights, while pop-up pods will offer private spaces.	Airbus research also suggests that every flight in the world could, on average, be around 13 minutes shorter, which would save millions of tonnes of excess fuel annually.	In the next few decades, aircraft interiors will bear little resemblance to the packed cabins of today.	Bars are expected to become more prevalent on flights, as well as socialisation pop-up pods.	'By the middle of the next decade, aircraft interiors will bear little resemblance to the packed and often frustrating cabins of today,' Tooze adds.	'Memory foam seats will morph to each passengers shape as they sit down, as smart lighting eliminates the effects of jet lag, and sleep hormones sprayed at strategic moments in the flight mean you'll never have to listen to a screaming toddler on long-haul ever again.	'Each seat will have individual climate control and holographic communications and entertainment hubs that allow you to watch films and music from your personal collection on the cloud and chat to friends, family and colleagues as you fly -- and sonic disruptors will stop you disturbing everyone around you.'	It's believed that space travel will impact holidays of the future, becoming a reality for luxury seekers.	Skyscanner's The Future of Travel Report, however, focuses a great deal more on the ways that space travel will impact holidaymakers' future journeys.	By 2030, they estimate that space travel will be a reality for ultra-luxury travellers and perhaps by 2050, it will become even more mainstream.	In the report, futurist Daniel Burrus says:'We will be able to book more affordable trips into space where we can go up there and stay long enough to enjoy.'	Whether or not we end up colonising on the moon, Skyscanner's Filip Filipov points out that the possibility of flying in low orbital space will radically cut inter-continental flight times.	'In the case of Virgin Galactic, whose ship can orbit the Earth for 2.5 hours, a regular traveller might see a London to Sydney flight in 2.5 hours if the same technology can be applied safely in commercial aviation.'	And if the same technology can be applied in commercial aviation, long-haul flights may cease entirely.	By 2100... In the next century, the sky is the limit - quite literally.	According to researchers at the Future Laboratory and their new report, Sustainable Holiday Futures, giant airships, man-made mobile islands and intelligent hotel rooms will all be commonplace in the next 100 years.	Imagine a coastline with floating resorts that can move from destination to destination.	This is precisely the future if Thomson Holidays has anything to say about it.	Sustainability will be an'integral' part of every holiday as early as 2030, the report continues, with some claims that artificial islands may even produce their own food and water.	This idea of zero-impact travel, in which resorts may look like cruise ships in the sky, will leave no environmental trace whatsoever.	Man-made mobile islands will be commonplace in the next 100 years as will the idea of zero-impact travel.	In hotel rooms, everything will be automated and highly-personalised.	Many hotels have already begun to roll out iPad-controlled lights, sound and room service features and that will only grow in popularity in the coming decades.	But futurologist Ian Pearson predicts the that the hotel room of tomorrow will take this technology a step further.	In his opinion, we can expect hotel bedrooms to incorporate pillows with sleep-aiding massage technology and holographic wall systems that will project personal trainers or even friends and family in 3D.	And we may not even need planes at all!	Teleportation could be a regular occurrence by 2080.	And forget long-haul flights to get where you need to be.	Teleportation could become a regular occurrence by 2080, according to Dr Mary Jacquiline Romero from the School of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Glasgow.	'The good thing about teleportation is that there is no fundamental law telling us that it can not be done and with technical advances I would estimate teleportation that we see in the films will be with us by 2080.'
Ten years ago, I signed a letter backing Labour in the 2005 Election.	Earlier this month I signed a letter backing the Conservatives for this one.	Why the conversion?	I'm not a tribally political animal.	I am someone who runs and starts businesses, but most importantly wants to see our country succeed.	I back whatever works.	Five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems.	We had stared into the abyss of a complete failure of the international financial system, and managed -- via huge State intervention -- to avoid total collapse.	The recovery of the UK since then has been extraordinary.	We have outperformed every other major economy.	Former Blair ally Charles Dunstone (pictured) is now supporting the Conservative Party in the election.	When I speak to investors and business people around the world, they see the recent British story as something of a miracle.	The jobs figures alone are astounding: 2 million more people are in work -- a figure representing many, many personal triumphs.	Businesses are starting in record numbers.	I really believe David Cameron and George Osborne deserve much of the credit for this incredible turnaround.	But back to ten years ago.	In 2005 I supported New Labour because they had ended the tyranny of'or' -- the idea that you could only have a strong and growing economy'or' a fair and compassionate society.	New Labour recognised that the one helped pay for the other ; healthy tax receipts from business meant more money for schools, hospitals and helping the poorest in our country.	Put simply, Tony Blair understood that in order to spend money, you first need to earn money.	I'm genuinely concerned that this view is n't shared by the current Labour Party -- and that business is viewed as the problem, rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society.	What's more, they do not seem to understand how businesses work.	Take their energy-freeze policy.	This betrays a basic misunderstanding of how markets work.	Companies would have elevated prices in anticipation of a freeze -- and kept them high despite the recent drop in the price of oil.	This is just one clumsy intervention that would end up costing people money.	The current Government has made it very clear that the UK is open for business and endeavours to make business welcome here.	It's vital, because fundamentally, the business world is driven by confidence and positive sentiment.	The former Carphone Warehouse boss said Mr Cameron deserved credit for turning around the economy.	However, it is very fragile and hard to nurture, and the mobility of the modern business world means a tech firm can start up as easily in Berlin or Silicon Valley as they can in London, so they're not going to pick a place which they perceive will make it hard for them to thrive.	We need a government that backs business, not one that views us as cartoon capitalists ; a necessary evil to bring in money at best ; the embodiments of greed at worst.	Because the truth is the vast majority of those working in business are trying to build something good and to employ more people.	There is such a thing as turning an honest profit.	The man running a local bakery and employing ten people is a capitalist.	The woman starting up a tech firm in her attic is a capitalist.	These people are doing our economy and our society a service.	They are not to be stigmatised but backed.	I'm backing the Conservatives for this Election as they've shown a determination to stick to the course even when the tide of opinion was turning against them.	A couple of years ago, a chorus of voices were urging George Osborne to change direction.	He ignored them, the plan paid off, and now those same people are patting him on the back for his resolve.	I like what they've done for small businesses too.	Everyone's got to start somewhere.	I started selling mobile phones from my flat.	And in the age of the start-up, government has to make life easier for people to get going.	He said the current Labour Party, under Ed Miliband, viewed business as the problem, rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society.	I was speaking to an Italian contact recently who told me that anyone starting a small business in Italy gets sucked into a quagmire of bureaucracy, treated like some massive enterprise with their own accounting department.	He could n't believe that in Britain you could get online and register your company in a few short steps -- and that is to the Conservatives' credit.	Most of all I like the confidence that is growing in our economy.	What the economist Keynes called'animal spirits' ; what used to be called the feel-good factor ; whatever you call it, that can-do feeling has been returning.	Economic success is n't decided on high, it is the collective result of millions of people feeling that we are heading in the right direction ; willing to take chances and work hard to succeed.	This confidence has returned, beyond doubt -- but we must make no mistake, it is a very fragile thing.	Indeed, it still has n't returned to many of our near neighbours.	I'm not a party loyalist and I have never donated money to any party.	But on this occasion I really felt I had to speak out as our economic recovery truly hangs in the balance.	For me the choice is clear.	And it is not a choice between backing business on the one hand and promoting fairness on the other.	There is nothing progressive about attacking business and undermining our economy.	If the economy fails, frankly it is not the richest who suffer, it's the poorest.	It would be a huge and tragic irony if well-meaning people ended up hurting the most deprived in our country.	But that is what I fear would happen with a Labour-SNP government -- one that is anti-business, anti-aspiration and pro-spending money we have n't even earned yet.	It comes down to this: we have come a long way in the past five years.	Clawing our way out of recession has meant a lot of hard work and sacrifice.	We are rounding the corner and really getting somewhere as a country -- and we would be crazy to throw it all away now.
A Mexican.	archaeologist hunting for a royal tomb in a tunnel.	beneath a towering pre-Aztec pyramid has made a discovery that.	may have brought him a step closer: liquid mercury.	In the bowels of Teotihuacan, a mysterious ancient city that.	was once the largest in the Americas, earlier this month Sergio Gomez found'large quantities' of the silvery metal in a chamber at.	the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.	And because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends, deeper into the complex Gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king.	Scroll down for video.	Hope: Mexican archaeologist Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years and came across'large quantities' of liquid mercury earlier this month.	Underground: Gomez announced on Friday that he found the liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a tunnel (pictured) that had been sealed off for more than 1,800 years.	'It's something that completely surprised us,' Gomez said at.	the entrance to the tunnel below Teotihuacan's Pyramid of the.	Plumed Serpent, about 30 miles northeast of Mexico City.	If Gomez is right, it could help settle a debate over how power was wielded in Teotihuacan, a city boasting massive stone pyramids that was home to as many as 200,000 people and the heart of ancient empire that flourished between 100 and 700 A.D..	Some archaeologists believe the toxic element could herald.	what would be the first ruler's tomb ever found in Teotihuacan,.	a contemporary of several ancient Maya cities, but so shrouded.	in mystery that its inhabitants still have no name.	Unsure why the mercury was put there, Gomez says the metal.	may have been used to symbolize an underworld river or lake.	Though mercury has previously been uncovered in small amounts at a few Maya sites much.	further south, it had never been found in Teotihuacan.	Mercury was rare in ancient Mexico, as it was difficult to mine and prized for its reflective properties.	Archaeologists believe it may.	have had a supernatural significance for ritual ends.	Teotihuacan, or'abode of the gods' in the Aztec language of.	Nahuatl, was distinct from the Mayan civilization.	Royalty: Gomez said that he is unsure as to why the mercury was in the tunnel (pictured), but he hopes that it will lead him to the tomb of the city's king.	Digging: National Institute of Anthropology and History (INAH) archaeologists work at a tunnel that may lead to a royal tombs discovered at the ancient city of Teotihuacan in 2011.	Gomez said their findings could lead to settling the debate as to how power was distributed in the city.	Its.	inhabitants left behind no written record, abandoning the city.	long before the Aztecs came to power in the 14th Century.	Spaniards dug at Teotihuacan in the 1670s, but rigorous.	scientific excavation of the site did not begin until the 1950s.	Gomez's six-year slog in the tunnel has already yielded tens.	of thousands of artifacts including stone sculptures, fine.	jewelry and giant seashells leading to the three chambers.	The.	painstaking excavation has slowed due to extreme humidity, mud,.	and now, the need for protective gear to avoid mercury.	poisoning.	George Cowgill, a U.S. archaeologist who has spent more than.	four decades excavating Teotihuacan, says the mercury find.	increases the odds of finding a tomb.	'But it's still very uncertain, and that is what keeps.	everybody in suspense,' he added.	Mexican archaeologist Linda Manzanilla believes that at its.	peak, the city was ruled not by a single king, but a council of.	four lords, and that Gomez may find the remains of one of them.	To bolster her argument, she cites the absence of a single.	palace or the presence of kings in any of the city's many.	murals.	The excavation of the chambers should be finished by.	October, Gomez said, with an announcement of findings by the end.	of 2015.
Tom Ince chose not celebrate, nor did 60 or so travelling Blackpool fans who used to cherish his displays.	But Derby County very much cheered this emphatic victory that solidified their position in the play-offs and provided a needed tonic after recent headaches.	Ince's reluctance to show joy when finding the net in some style against his former club was understandable.	Blackpool is where he crafted his game and made his name between 2011 and 2014.	Since he left last year, initially on loan to Crystal Palace in January, there has been only despair on the seaside, and this defeat confirmed they would take the Championship wooden spoon.	Derby celebrated an emphatic victory over Blackpool that kept their promotion push going.	Derby: Grant, Keogh, Shotton, Whitbread, Warnock, Bryson, Hendrick (Thomas 78), Dawkins, Ince (Ward 74), Bent (Russell 68), Lingard.	Subs not used: Christie, Forsyth, Roos, Albentosa.	Goals: Bryson 3, Ince 28, Bent 29, (pen) 65.	Blackpool: Parish, Maher (Barkhuizen 54), Clarke, O'Dea, Dunne, Cubero, Perkins, O'Hara, Orlandi, Madine, Cameron (Samuel 69).	Subs not used: Oliver, Ferguson, Telford, Boney, Higham.	Referee: Oliver Langford (W Midlands).	Attendance: 27,227.	Derby, despite their recent troubles, can still look up.	An easy win against the division's worst team by far may not vouch for their play-off credentials but the three points help get them there.	Steve McClaren, who may be heading to the Premier League no matter what, was unable to field top scorer Chris Martin because of a niggling hamstring injury.	But his absence was not crucial, this was over by half-time.	Probably after just 2 minutes 29 seconds.	That is when Craig Bryson picked the ball up off Jeff Hendrick in the middle of the pitch, strolled forward unchallenged and let fly a shot from 20 yards that bounced into corner of the net.	Deadlock broken, the rival fans united in trashing Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston, whose stewardship has sent the club into League One.	'Love Blackpool Hate Oyston,' was a banner held aloft in the sparsely-populated away end.	Craig Bryson celebrates after scoring the opening goal as early as the third minute.	Tom Ince scored Derby's second goal of the night against his former side at the iPro Stadium.	Chants were aired,'Oyston for Forest' being one of the more printable.	Ince's goal came in the 28th minute.	He got the ball from Ryan Shotton, danced into the area and curled a wonderful effort inside the far post.	How important his eight goals have been since joining on loan from Hull.	Ince stayed composed out of respect to the club where he scored 31 goals in 100 league games.	Some non-celebrations seem trivial.	This, given all Blackpool's fans have suffered, was removing the salt from the wound.	A mere 58 seconds later, it was 3-0.	Straight from kick-off Charles Dunne sent a backpass into the path of Darren Bent, who finished cleanly.	It meant he had scored in four consecutive league appearances for the first time since October 2009.	He should have had a second seven minutes after the break.	Jesse Lingard picked out Ince, whose shot was saved by Elliot Parish, the ball rebounding back off Ince to Bent six yards out.	But the former England striker ballooned his shot high over the bar.	He did double his tally in the 65th minute with a thumping penalty after Peter Clarke had fouled Shotton.	It was his 12th goal in 15 games since arriving on loan from Aston Villa.	Derby will need more of the same to reach the Premier League.	For Blackpool, that dream has long faded.	Darren Bent celebrates after added a third goal for Derby inside the half-hour mark on Tuesday.	Bent rifles a penalty into the top corner in the second half to add Derby's fourth goal and his second.	Blackpool's small contingent of travelling supporters make their feelings towards Karl Oyston known.	18 April - Huddersfield (A).	25 April - Millwall (A).	2 May - Reading (H).	18 April - Fulham (H).	25 April - Cardiff (A).	2 May - Huddersfield (H).
The producers of the TV show Made In Chelsea pride themselves on featuring some of the poshest young ladies and gentleman in London.	But even by their standards, Mark-Francis Vandelli is well-to-do - the privately educated son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model would n't have to work a day in his life if he chose not to.	But if you were n't already envious of the reality star, he has now opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard, showing off some of the 16 eye-wateringly expensive timepieces that he has been collecting since his teens.	Scroll down for video.	Made In Chelsea star Mark-Francis Vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches.	The 26 year old has got into the habit of buying a new watch each year, so that he will have an impressive collection by the time he reaches middle age.	Many watch enthusiasts would argue that Mark-Francis has already reached that goal - he currently owns a number of pieces that are worth several thousand pounds.	In a new interview with the newspaper, he revealed his favourite items and the history behind them.	The include a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42, a Cartier Tortue Collection Privée and a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetua.	Mark-Francis's most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase, which he bought from a shop on Sloane Street in Chelsea earlier this year.	Mark-Francis's most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase (left), while one of his flashiest is a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42 (right).	It cost # 32,000 and caught his eye because it has a sun or a moon than move on rotation depending on the hour of the day.	One of the flashiest watches in his collection is the Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42, which he purchased on holiday in Italy and can be bought secondhand on the internet for # 6,5000.	He said of the item:'When I was 16 my grandmother gave me the first prototype of the Bulgari Bulgari, which the Bulgari family had given her in the 1950s - I think it's one of the only ones that was actually hand engraved around the bezel.'	Mark-Francis ended up buying this modern version after he fell into a river wearing his grandmother's version while out rowing at school.	Mark Francis favours a Cartier Tortue Collection Privée timepiece because it is no longer made (left), while he wears a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetual when out raving in East London (right).	While many of his watches are hard to come by, Mark Francis favours a Cartier Tortue Collection Privée timepiece in particular because it is no longer made, meaning he would be unlikely to be caught out wearing it at the same time as another man.	Similar versions can be bought on the internet for around # 9,000.	He told the newspaper:'Cartier does n't make this one any more, which I love.	I did see someone else wearing it once, however - I was at the Wolseley and it was this fat American, I was mortified.'	And finally, for the man who has a watch for every occasion - the timepiece that he wears when visiting East London... a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetual.	Similar watches can be bought on the internet for # 8,000.	He said:'You can swim in it, sleep in it, throw it around, go to a rave.	This is my hardwearing, "I'm going to Shoreditch" watch.'
A southern New Jersey woman jailed in an international custody dispute has been freed after spending more than eight years behind bars and is likely to be reunited with her daughter who's been without either parent for nearly a decade.	María Jose Carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from jail Friday night, The Record reported.	Carrascosa, formerly of Fort Lee, was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child.	Freed: María Jose Carrascosa was released from a New Jersey jail on Friday after spending nearly 9 years behind bars for refusing to return her daughter to the United States.	Defiant: Carrascosa defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the United States and thus remained jailed nearly nine years.	Once paroled, Carrascosa was taken to the Bergen County Jail for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring the child back.	Her release came in part thanks to a letter written to the court by Peter Innes.	Superior Court Judge Bonnie Mizdol, ultimately deciding that incarceration would not coerce Carrascosa to comply with child custody orders, ordered her release from jail Friday.	Jail time for contempt of court is meant to coerce a person into cooperating with a judges orders, not as a punishment.	However, Carrascosa defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the United States and thus remained jailed.	'The question before this court is whether incarceration has lost its coercive power and has become punitive,' Judge Mizdol said.	'It has become clear that continued incarceration would not compel her to return her daughter, so it would be deemed punitive.'	During the hearing, the judge read a letter from Innes, of Hasbrouck Heights, that said he would not oppose Carrascosa's release if she returns to Spain to be with their daughter, Victoria.	The judge also read a letter from Victoria, who is now 14, that said:'My only wish is to be with my mother.'	Tearful reunion: Carrascosa had a tearful reunion with her daughter via Skype following her release and says she plans to return to Spain as soon as possible.	Finally: Carrascosa's release came after her daughter and estranged husband wrote letters to the court urging a judge to set her free.	Dear Victoria,.	This is what you've been asking for and I am happy for you this day has finally come.	You should know that I did all I could, including petitioning the judge, to help get your mom released.	I did this so she can return to you in Spain.	Please know, you mom is completely free to immediately leave the United States and return to Spain.	I truly hope she is with you tomorrow.	For me, this conflict is over.	I wish you and your family well and I hope you enjoy your reunion with your mother.	I will always be here for you when the time comes that you want to hear the truth as I know it.	Love,.	Dad.	Source: VictoriaInnes.com.	Pictured here at the start of their marriage, Peter Innes and María Jose Carrascosa would end the union with a bitter divorce and battle over their daughter.	Last week, Innes relented and chose to give his daughter what she wanted -- her mother back.'	I am glad it is over and she is out,' Peter Innes told the The Record.'	I just hope she is on her way home to see our daughter.'	Carrascosa moved her daughter to Spain but continued the custody dispute in New Jersey when she was arrested in 2006.	When a Family Court judge in Bergen County ordered her to bring the child back within 10 days or go to jail, Carrascosa refused, declaring that she would rather die in jail than bring her daughter back to New Jersey.	Carrascosa was convicted in 2009 of willful interference with child custody, which resulted in the prison sentence.	Footage taken following her release Friday by Spanish language station RTVE.es shows Carrascosa sharing a tearful reunion via Skype with her 14-year-old daughter.	Carrascosa told reporters she intends to return to her native Spain, where in the last several years the case has gained widespread media attention and demands for her release, as soon as possible.	'My idea is to return to Spain, to reunite with my daughter and my parents, and there, God will provide,' Carrascosa told reporters, though she said the arrangements for her return could take months of unraveling delicate legal issues.	Mr. Innes did not attend the hearing and says his daughter has not spoken to him for several years.	he told The Record that he's reached out to Victoria, who lives in Valencia, via email several times but has not received any response.	'My idea is to return to Spain, to reunite with my daughter and my parents, and there, God will provide,' Carrascosa told reporters in an interview that followed her release.	Innes runs a website named after his daughter in which he's laid out his side of the drawn-out dispute.	On the site, Innes claims his ex-wife, an attorney by training, is a shady businesswoman with a habit of slandering him to anyone who will listen.	Innes even suggests Carrascosa is mentally ill in addition to being an outright snob.	He writes:.	'Her erratic and often delusional behavior suggest she suffers from psychiatric problems,.	'She and her elitist and wealthy European family consider themselves above such "common people" like the Innes family and above the laws of the United States.'	However, even Innes seems to have come around on the issue of his ex-wife's incarceration.	In his letter to the court, he stipulated that he was unopposed to her release so long as she returns immediately to Spain to be with their daughter.	Innes has updated his site since Friday to reflect his ex-wife's release with a letter to Victoria explaining his role in the release.
CNN's Dr Sanjay Gupta has abandoned his journalistic duties to scrub up and perform brain surgery on a teenager in an overstretched hospital in Nepal.	The neurosurgeon, who is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's deadly earthquake, performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, Sandhya Chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.	Sandhya, who lives in a more remote area of the country, only reached Kathmandu's Bir Hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain, CNN reported.	Scroll down for video.	Put to work: Dr Sanjay Gupta (second left), the chief medical correspondent for CNN, was asked by a Nepalese hospital to perform brain surgery on a 15-year-girl who was injured in the earthquake.	Quick-thinking: Gupta, center at the hospital, said the girl was just one of many people walking through the doors with head injuries at the overstretched hospital.	More than 6,000 people were injured.'	I was asked to do this by the doctors there at the hospital,' Dr Gupta said during a telephone interview with the network.'	I think they literally need another set of hands because the demand is so high.'	During the procedure, he was forced to used basic equipment, such as a saw rather than an electric drill, and sterile water and iodine from a bottle, rather than a proper scrub sink, he told CNN.	Following the operation, she is'doing well', Gupta said,'but her story is unfortunately very typical'.	After the surgery, an eight-year-old girl arrived at the hospital needing a similar operation.	More than 4,300 people are believed to have been killed in the earthquake, but Nepalese officials have speculated that as many as 10,000 could have died.	Around 6,000 have been injured and are pouring into the hospitals, which are struggling to keep up with the demand.	'I've seen a lot of situations around the world, and this is as bad as I've ever seen it,' Gupta said.	Hurt: Another child with a similar head injury, pictured, came to the hospital shortly after the operation.	Helping hand: As well as working for CNN, Gupta is a neurosurgeon at Emory Healthcare in Atlanta.	'They need more resources, they need more personnel here right now, and they're expecting many more patients as these rescue operations go on.	They're barely able to keep up right now.'	As well as serving as CNN's chief medical correspondent, Gupta is a neurosurgeon at Emory Healthcare in Atlanta.	It is not the first time the married father-of-three, 45, has performed surgery while on a reporting job.	In 2003, while covering the medical demands of the invasion of Iraq, he performed emergency surgery on U.S. soldiers and Iraqi civilians.	And while reporting in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake, he and other doctors removed a piece of concrete from a 12-year-old girl's skull aboard aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson.	See below for video.
The wife of broadcaster John Suchet has died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia.	Bonnie was described by her husband as'the love of my life'.	She died on April 15.	Last night Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a'private family matter'.	He has thanked those on Twitter who offered their condolences.	Bonnie Suchet (pictured with John) was described by her husband as'the love of my life' The family paid tribute in a death notice in the Telegraph, which read:'Bonnie died peacefully on 15th April 2015 aged 73.	'Adored wife of John, devoted mother of Alec and Hereward, mother-in-law of Peta-Jane, grandmother of Finn and Alexa.'	In recent years the Classic FM DJ and former ITN presenter has been extremely open about his wife's diagnosis, writing a book and becoming honorary president of the Dementia UK charity.	In 2009 he broke down live on air during an interview on BBC Breakfast as he gave an account of his wife's battle.	He was overcome as he told presenters how his wife had been unaware she had the illness, or that he was on TV talking about it.	He added that he sometimes had to beat up a cushion as a way of dealing with his frustration at the loss of the relationship, which he described was'made in heaven'.	In recent years Suchet, pictured with Bonnie (left) and (right) in 2013, has been extremely open about his wife's diagnosis, writing a book and becoming honorary president of the Dementia UK charity.	In 2009 Suchet was overcome as he told presenters how his wife had been unaware she had the illness, or that he was on TV talking about it.	Two years later Suchet said could say about the'wretched disease' was that it was'taking its course' and confessed things'will only get worse'.	He admitted he had no idea if she knew who he was and said he had to build a life around the changed circumstances, which saw Bonnie being moved into a care home and Mr Suchet moving closer to his brother David for support.	The newscaster, who presented bulletins at ITN for 17 years, added that if he chose to wallow in the tragedy of his wife's Alzheimer's disease, then the condition would have claimed another'victim'.	In September, Suchet, 71, said:'The Bonnie I remember no longer exists.'	There will be a private funeral.
Disabled children can face a lot of challenges - but one photographer from Washington wants to make sure they recognize that they all have a super-human ability to conquer any challenge set before them.	For The Superhero Project, Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything.'	I think a lot of people look at others with special needs and think of them as "less" in some ways,' Mrs. Bergeron, who also has a parenting blog, recently told The Mighty.	'Let's face it, though -- these kids are all fighters.	The obstacles they overcome daily just to cope in our world ought to make us all see them as superheroes.'	Caped crusader: Avery, pictured, was photographed for Renee Bergeron's Superhero Project ; Avery was born prematurely, has had multiple brain surgeries, and has a feeding tube in her stomach.	Powerful shots: Mila, left, suffers from speech disorders, while Mordecai, right, was diagnosed with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder and has several missing fingers and toes.	Mrs. Bergeron's first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, now four.	Apollo was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and, in addition to undergoing several medical procedures and surgeries, had to be fitted with a feeding tube at a young age.	Despite his health problems and the tube protruding from his stomach, when Apollo was two, Mrs. Bergeron said, he would pose for pictures with'such strength and confidence'.	His mother knew that one day Apollo might feel self-conscious about the tube, so she wanted to document him looking strong and proud, in the hopes that the images might inspire him to feel that way again later on in life.	Proud princess: Victoria, pictured, was born with Congenital Femoral Deficiency, which affects her legs, hips, and knees.	Super cute: Mrs. Bergeron's son Apollo, left, was her first subject ; Melanie, right, is autistic, epileptic, and has Sensory Processing Disorder.	After speaking to other moms of children with special needs on Facebook, Mrs. Bergeron decided to take similarly empowering photographs of more disabled children.	In 2013, she began working on the The Superhero Project, taking pictures of children with physical disabilities, autism, and sensory disorders free of charge.	After Apollo, she photographed Avery, a little girl born prematurely who underwent multiple brain surgeries, Melanie, a four-year-old with autism and epilepsy, and Cody, a red-headed boy with Down syndrome.	Tough cookie: Mrs. Bergeron says she'seriously fell in love with' Cody, pictured, who has Down syndrome, Sensory Processing Disorder, and Speech Apraxia.	Watch out, bad guys: Avi, pictured, faces' a variety of sensory and social challenges', but is still'vivacious and full of life''My hope is that we can spread awareness about special needs, while giving encouragement to families through the gift of professional photography,' she explained on her website.	She continued:'While their special needs are what brought them to the shoot, I wanted the images to capture their individual spirits.'	Mrs. Bergeron and her husband, Chuck, also have 13other children, nine of whom are biological and five of whom are adopted.	Apollo, born in June 2010, is their youngest child.
As efforts continue to rescue survivors from beneath the mounds of rubble across Kathmandu, the grieving Nepalese nation has begun the grim and daunting task of cremating the thousands of victims who were killed during Saturday's devastating earthquake.	With the death toll now standing at more than 4,000, mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital, as mourning families attempt to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in Hindu tradition.	Today, plumes of white, acrid smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river.	Around these ceremonies, families gathered, wailing in grief for their loved ones.	Scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.	Scroll down for video.	Honouring the dead: Volunteers are facing the daunting task of burning the bodies of earthquake victims following the tremor on Saturday.	Flames: Family members stand next to the burning pyre of a family member at a cremation ground following the devastating earthquake.	Despite the sheer number of victims, mourning families are desperate to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in the Hindu tradition.	Mass: The cremations, which have been non-stop for three days, have been taking place next to the Bagmati river which divides Kathmandu.	'People are conducting the last rites wherever they can and without following the proper rituals,' a witness told IANS.	Today, plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river.	Almost every available space along the Bagmati river's banks and on its sandbank islands had been taken by the pyres.	Running out: The wood necessary to build the thousands of pyres which are used to burn the dead has started to run out.	Family members carry a body as they take it for burial today in Kathmandu.	The search operation to find survivors is still continuing.	Around these ceremonies, families gathered, wailing in grief for their loved ones.	Scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their loved ones prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.	The bodies of victims from the earthquake that hit Nepal and surrounding countries lie on the ground before being cremated.	Meanwhile, corpses continued to line the streets of the city, lying among three-day-old debris still evident from the tremor which wreaked havoc through the Himalayan region.	As the death toll surpassed 4,000, there began to be a desperate shortage of the wood used to build the pyres.	Some 250kg of wood is needed for each individual cremation.	The areas where cremation rites can take place are also in short supply.	Despite more being designated along the river to accommodate the earthquake victims, relatives are still jostling for space along the banks and are having to conduct the ceremonies in whatever tiny space they can find.	'People are conducting the last rites wherever they can and without following the proper rituals,' a witness told IANS.	The sacred Hindu Pashupatinath Temple is also becoming increasingly unable to cope with the overwhelming influx of bodies.	A boy cries over the body of his father at a cremation ground.	Rescue efforts are still ongoing to track down survivors from the quake.	A body is covered with a blanket close to the scene of a multi-cremation process at Bhaktapur, Nepal.	The body of one of the victims is laid on the banks of the river, ready for cremation, covered in a blanket and bank notes.	Relatives of a victim who died in Saturday's earthquake mourn and say prayers before their loved one's body is cremated along the river.	A woman weeps and raises a hand to her head as she watches the cremation of a loved one at the Pashupatinath temple in Kathmandu.	Family members comfort one another during one of the services at the temple.	The temple has been overwhelmed with the number of dead bodies.	A young woman breaks down in tears during the cremation of an earthquake victim, near Kathmandu.	The tremor struck on Saturday.	Some 500 bodies have been arriving at the temple per day, compared to the usual daily average of around 30.	Monika Basnet, 15, hold her brother Munal, 10, during the cremation of their father at Pashupatinath temple.	He was one of the thousands of people who were killed in Saturday's earthquake.	Since the tremor rocked the Nepali capital on Saturday, 500 bodies have been arriving per day at the temple, compared to their usual daily average of around 30.	Volunteers have been arriving at the temple to help decorate the bodies and comfort the mourners.	The magnitude-7.8 quake was the worst to hit Nepal in eight decades and caused damage and fatalities in neighbouring countries.	It destroyed swathes of the oldest neighborhoods in Kathmandu and was strong enough to be felt all across parts of India, Bangladesh, Tibet and Pakistan.	Since Saturday, rescuers, some wearing face masks to keep out the dust, have been scrambling over mounds of splintered timber and broken bricks in the hope of finding survivors.	Some have used their bare hands to fill small white buckets with dirt and rock.	This afternoon, the death toll reached 4,000.	A woman cries as the body of her relative is prepared for cremation along the river bank in the devastated Nepalese capital.	Volunteers have been arriving to help decorate the bodies, comfort the mourners and pray for the souls of the dead.	They have also been carrying out the cremations.	A man stands next to the burning pyre of a family member at an overwhelmed cremation ground in Bhaktapur, near Kathmandu.	The magnitude-7.8 quake was the worst to hit Nepal in eight decades and caused damage and fatalities in neighbouring countries.	Relatives of a quake victim clutch onto one another in heartbreaking silence as they watch their loved one being cremated in Kathmandu.	Meanwhile, overwhelmed authorities are trying to cope with a shortage of drinking water and food, as well as the threat of disease.	The sick and wounded were lying out in the open in Kathmandu, unable to find beds in the devastated city's hospitals.	Surgeons set up an operating theatre inside a tent in the grounds of Kathmandu Medical College.	And high in the Himalayas, hundreds of climbers were staying put at the Mount Everest base camp where a huge avalanche after the earthquake killed 17 people in the single worst disaster to hit the world's highest mountain.	A desperate helicopter rescue mission was under way today, with one British mountaineer there speaking of a'race against time' to pluck around 120 people to safety as food runs out.
Men who crave the benefits of.	yoga but recoil at sharing the experience with a room full of.	women are turning to Broga, a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old.	practice of movement and breath.	Broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual, and.	strength over flexibility.	Experts say it sets men free to flex.	tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or.	feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.	Scroll down for video.	Yoga for men: From downward dog to warrior pose, Broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its'rugged' approach to traditional yoga workouts.	Making a point: Traditionally seen as an exercise regime for women, yoga is changing and now has a more universal appeal.'	I consider myself an athletic guy, but have never been.	flexible and did n't like the thought of embarrassing myself in.	front of a group of women,' said financial analyst and Broga enthusiast Eric Wright,.	22, from San Jose, California.	Founder: Robert Sidoti (pictured) is the creator and co-Founder of Broga.	Eric and his male colleagues use the video streaming.	service Grokker, which is aimed at broadcasting fitness, food and yoga classes directly to your home or office, to partake in their weekly yoga sessions.	'On Wednesdays we have a standing Broga appointment and.	anywhere from five to eight others will join me,' he said.	Grokker founder and CEO Lorna Borenstein said more men.	are adding yoga to their exercise routines as a cross-training.	tool for flexibility and improving recovery time.	Even if they spend most of their time focusing on more high intensity gym training, men are now using yoga as a useful warm-up method.	'Men are a little late to the party,' she said.	'But we're.	seeing more men in the workplace who find time to do yoga.	together a few times a week.'	Yoga instructor Robert Sidoti, based in Martha's Vineyard,.	Massachusetts, is the creator and co-founder of the trademarked.	Broga Yoga, which so far has trained some 200 Broga instructors.	in at least 22 states.	Sidoti taught his first Broga class in 2009.	Proof: More gyms are holding classes focused at enabling men to practice the gentle work-out as it becomes more and more fashionable.	Workout: Every athlete needs to incorporate elements of stretching and lengthening into their programme, says Broga's founder.	Popular: More gyms are devoting resources and dedicated studio space to Broga programs.'	A lot of guys were saying' I ca n't touch my knees, let alone my toes.	I would never go to a mostly women class and do things I'm no good at,' said Sidoti, whose sequences are designed with men's bodies in mind.	'We rarely go into poses that require deep forward bending,.	twisting and binding,' he said, adding that a High Intensity Interval.	Training (HIIT) sequence is included in his standard workout.	Broga talk is also anatomically driven, rather than focusing on the mind and the soul like many traditional yoga classes do.	'It's not so much about feeling your heart center as feeling.	the stretch across your chest,' Sidoti explained.	Flexible: Experts say that Broga can help athletes recover from injuries and boost their range of motion.	Strength training: Fitness experts say that certain sequences and asanas are great for warm-ups and cool downs before training.	Beneficial: Experts say that Broga helps with increased mobility and, as a result, helps men lift heavier weights and boost their work-outs.	Jessica Matthews, senior adviser for health and fitness.	education at the American Council on Exercise, said most men.	tend to view yoga as a workout rather than a spiritual practice.	'They celebrate the physical,' said Matthews, who is also a.	yoga teacher.	Wright said Broga has improved his hamstring flexibility.	'Four months ago I could n't touch my toes and today I can.	almost reach my palms to the ground,' he said.
Patriots coach Bill Belichick was just caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen's posterior over the weekend, but his girlfriend is already prepared to forgive.	While Teigen's husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident'Spy gate' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time Super Bowl winner, his longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered,'who did n't check her out in this photo?''	I think I even looked,' Holliday, who's dated Belichick since 2006, wrote on Instragram along with the controversial shot from Saturday's White House Correspondents'.	Scroll down for video... Eye-catching: New England Patriots' coach Bill Belichick was caught ogling model Chrissy Teigen's derriere at the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday.	Holliday, still a beauty herself at 51, was smart to include the photo as evidence -- leggy Chrissy looks stunning in a head-turning sheer and sparkly dress slit nearly to her hip.	John Legend was n't as quick to forgive.	The singer/songwriter retweeted a photo of the'incident,' which he dubbed'Spy gate.'	Not to be outdone by the fallout from her own photo, Teigen gave her husband a tongue-in-cheek response to his feigned outrage.	Girlfriend-approved: As the media shamed the 4-time Super Bowl winning coach, his girlfriend Linda Holliday put in her two cents.	Not too shabby: The longtime couple, together since 2006, were unfazed by the Teigen incident.'	@johnlegend let me live,' she tweeted.	But living is exactly what the supermodel was doing during Saturday's soiree, where Teigen was snapped hobnobbing with such notables as Katie Couric and Jenna Dewan-Tatum.	Perhaps most notably, the guests of honor -- the president and first lady themselves -- took the time to take a photo with Teigen, who posted it to Instagram on Monday with the message,'FRIENDS FOREVER.'	'FRIENDS FOREVER': Teigen was snapped with the POTUS and FLOTUS at Satuday's big event.	She posted the shot with her optimistic message on Monday.	Zuhair Murad dress.	Check out other Zuhair Murad dresses at Neiman Marcus.	Visit site.	You can always rely on Chrissy Teigen to bring the glamour to any event.	Whenever we see her on a red carpet, Mrs John Legend oozes sexy sophistication.	And here, in this gorgeous Zuhair Murad gown, she proves this once again.	Known for his knock-out couture creations, Murad, the Lebanese designer, has an army of loyal fashionista A list star customers.	They love his long, embellished and printed dresses.	Everyone from Jane Fonda to Sofia Vergara have worn one of his dresses.	Jennifer Lopez is a huge fan.	Chrissy's navy blue, slit-up-to-there, sheer bodice dress is one of a kind.	We've seen this style of gown from Murad season after season - long sleeves, statement sparkles and sexy sheer - and it takes someone like Chrissy to pull one off.	What a great colour to contrast with the red carpet too!	And we love those barely-there, but blinged up sandals, and her understated black evening clutch too.	You ca n't buy Chrissy's dress at the moment, but click'buy now' to see some other options from the designer over on Neiman Marcus.	And have a look at some other, cheaper options below.	Forever Unique Tilda dress (now reduced to $417.87).	Visit site.	AQ AQ Marina Sequin Maxi Dress at ASOS (now reduced to $237).	Visit site.	Teri Jon Sequined Lace Gown at Saks Fifth Avenue.	Visit site.	Diane von Furstenberg long sequin dress at YOOX.	Visit site.	All in good fun?	Teigen's husband was less forgiving than Holliday.	He retweeted the photo, calling it'Spy gate' Not to be outdone by the fallout out from her own photo, Teigen goaded her husband,'let me live'
