barker's "lucky seven" game show for 35 years.	contestants told to "come on down!" on the april 1 edition of "the price is right" encountered not host drew carey.	the price is in a price is right, " contestants told to " come on.	bob barker was the first price-guessing game of the show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.	bob barker returned to host "the price is right" on wednesday.	contestants told to "come on down!" for the first time in eight years.
" the star - spangled banner " comes from the american national anthem.	the late night of the gulf war in the san diego gulf war is a.	the crowd at the american league game would be the " national anthem ".	whitney houston nailed it ; roseanne barr destroyed it.	guitar slinger jimi hendrix inflamed mainstream america with his psychedelic take on the national anthem at super bowl xxv.	the american national anthem will be a national national hero and a national football league game.
douglas brinkley: the song, a talisman for its age, brings joy to people 44 years later.	mclean's "american pie" is 44 years old.	the peoples almanac of don mclean and j.p. "the big bopper" richardson had been killed in a plane crash in clear lake, iowa.	"american pie" is 44 years old.	don mclean's " american pie " sold the 16 - page lyrics for $1.	the big bopper, " n - word, " the american pie, " says mclean's' american pie.
gusky: "hj leach" is a french chalk quarry and is plain and stark.	the underground city's battle of the somme is known as "hidden world of wwi"	"hj leach" has been documenting details of the site, says the inscriptions.	photographer jeff gusky says the graffiti is a treasure trove," he says.	photographer jeff gusky " reads a third.	world war i graffiti is discovered in an underground quarry.
amy schumer's opener: "half of you think i'm meghan trainor"	"drop that kitty" was tinashe's time to command the stage.	mtv movie awards host amy schumer had some hits and misses during the show.	the award was bigger than the kid's archery fail, " amy schumer says.	channing tatum twerking for jennifer lopez to host amy schumer's "magic mike xxl".	"half of you know who i am meghan trainor," says channing tatum.
faleh essawi, deputy chief of provincial council, says isis has taken east of city.	isis has taken the east of the city of anbar province, the u.s. deputy chief of the provincial council.	he says he says it's not safe to cross this bridge across the euphrates.	families flee parts of western iraq amid continuing onslaught from isis fighters.	isis has taken the east of the city, it's not accessible, the deputy chief of the provincial council.	he says isis fighters commandeered their homes to decrease the likelihood of explosives.
u.s. pope francis called the killings " a great evil " and " the first genocide of the 20th century ".	he says it's a u.s. resolution to do the same in the european union.	previous popes had finessed the question of whether the killing of 1.5 million armenians was genocide.	more than 1 million armenians died at st. john paul ii's turks.	many of the victims were part of a long - running war that witnessed casualties on the turks.	the pope francis is the of the killings "a great evil" and "terrible persecution," he says.
dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of attack in the boston marathon bombing.	a group of tsarnaev relatives say tsarnaev will die.	tsarnaev family members arrive in boston, but it's not clear if they'll testify.	steve woolfenden thought he was still holding the handles of his son's stroller.	steve woolfenden, 21-year-old, was in the bombing of the boston marathon bombing victims and family members of those killed in the boston bombing.	n. he was found guilty of the murder of his son, leo, 3, and his son.
australia's war remembrance is a key way for australia.	anzac troops stormed the beaches at gallipoli, beginning a bloody eight-month campaign.	peter greste is a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty.	"the anzac spirit" is the first world war in australia's gallipoli campaign.	australia's participation in the gallipoli campaign is a zero sum game.	peter greste's military commemoration has become a key game for australia.
nigeria, ghana, congo and senegal are among the most cash.	more than a million people have spent the past three years in the african city of african investors.	wealthy africans are investing in some of london's most upscale real estate.	mayfair, kensington and chelsea have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in london.	mayfair and chelsea have spent over $900 million on luxury property properties in london.	africans who are coming into london are now welcoming a new wave of african investors.
"it was not meant to be serious in any way, just poking fun during an exhausting and frustrating press tour," adams tweets.	"avengers: age of ultron" robert downey jr. walked out on an interview, his co-stars chris evans and jeremy renner found themselves in hot water wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview.	fans on social media responded "she's a slut," and evans.	chris evans and jeremy renner get in hot water after a joke made about "avengers" character black widow.	robert downey jr. says she is a "complete whore"	chris evans and jeremy renner apologized from the press tour for the "avengers: age of ultron"
geoffrey lewis began his long association with eastwood in "every which way but loose"	lewis portrayed real-life prohibition-era gangster harry pierpont in "high plains drifter".	geoffrey lewis appeared in many movies, tv shows.	" the return of a man called horse " (1980), " bronco billy " and " midnight in the garden of good and evil ".	he appeared on such tv shows as "then came bronson," "pink cadillac".	he showed up on such series as " the great waldo pepper " (1989, " heaven's [UNK].
"blue bloods" is a tom selleck drama.	"the big bang theory" will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf.	" the younger, " " blue bloods " is the first time since the season. "	cbs sheldon and leonard's moms are back on "the big bang theory".	"backstrom," "blue bloods" are among the week's season finales.	the season finale will see christine baranski and laurie metcalf as the "avengers" movie opens nationwide.
video of toya graham going to a protest and forcefully removing her son went viral, drew a lot of praise.	toya graham, baltimore mother, slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest.	" i was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask, " he tells cnn affiliate wmar.	toya graham tells cnn's "anderson cooper 360 ˚" she was n't concerned that she's embarrassing her son.	she says she saw her son with a brick in his hand, and she lost control of her emotions and told cnn affiliate wmar recorded has led to the internet calling graham #motheroftheyear.	gray's death has led to the internet calling graham #motheroftheyear " not at all ". "
if dr. oz was ever going to go down, he was ostensibly invited to speak.	he says oz scorned by some in medical community, at senate hearing ; comics joke about him. he serves himself at cost to his hospital.	dr. oz's hit hbo show is "last week tonight," a senate host mehmet oz.	dr. john turnabout is an expert witness about " magic " green coffee beans.	dr. oz's claims about " personal financial [UNK].	mehmet oz has been to columbia university and new york presbyterian hospital for a years.
experts say the theory is a " alien life " for life in mars.	researchers say the may have been found in martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night.	the finding has "wider implications" for efforts to find evidence of life on mars, a researcher says.	scientists say new research does n't change the picture for life on mars.	scientists say evidence of brine hiding out of the planet's atlantic ocean.	study: gale crater could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere at night.
hillary clinton has been a 23% pay cut, equivalent to the current gender wage gap.	"the gap is even greater for women of color," clinton says.	sally kohn: april 14 is equal pay day, and hillary clinton should make an announcement about wage gap.	clinton says she is a a 23 percent pay cut to the gap between the gap gap.	david frum: hillary clinton should take a 23% pay cut, equivalent to the current gender wage gap, he says.	here's the announcement presidential candidate hillary clinton should make: "today in america, women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn.
the proposed training materials include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"	they read that racial profiling "is offensive.... it diverts us from catching real criminals"	"do not imitate the speech patterns" of people or stereotype them, he says.	it violates fundamental democratic precepts and freedoms, " nypd says. "	new cadets could be "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes," nypd says.	new: nypd says it violates responsibility to treat people equally.
iran's nuclear program is not a threat to israel at all, he says.	putin says it's a "defense weapon" to limit iran's nuclear program.	"sanctions are sanctions," putin says of ukraine and crimea.	putin says it is a " surprise " appearance by nsa whistle - blower edward snowden.	russian president vladimir putin says sanctions are "sanctions".	putin has spent hours fielding questions from the general public on live television.
the man who arranged their travel says, "there are two horses per box".	tim dutta says horses, it's two horses per box.	las vegas is home to the finals for sixth time since world cup finals.	80,000 fans expected as organizers spend $8m bringing horses back to vegas.	vegas is home to the finals for sixth time in a row of the world cup finals.	world cup champion dressage horses have reached las vegas for the sixth time since the event in 2000.
in countries like sweden or denmark, people do n't feel pressured to marry even if they have kids together.	i'm ok being single forever, with everyone happily single.	she says the age of 42 has been married to kent state university and kent state.	jackie demate: "i would have a very hard time justifying spending $20,000 on a wedding"	a culture rich in divorce may n't care if they want to use it.	i've worked my butt off for four years to be a mom," 21-year old candace monacelli says.
the u.s. action against hunger - - adventist - - plan international - - real medicine foundation.	nepal red cross society have created specific funds for relief efforts.	nepal red cross society offers funds for relief efforts.	the american jewish world service is helping victims of the earthquake and a mudslide.	adventist development and relief agency international: nepal red cross society provides relief for relief organizations.	aid organizations are still working to help the people of nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes.
the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies says it has killed more than 1,800 people, and death toll expected to rise.	the u.s. embassy says it is providing first aid to the injured in the quake.	rescue efforts range from digging by hand to military deployments.	more than 1, 800 people have been identified as the death toll in nepal.	the u.s. government is investigating 1,400 records.	google india offers $1 million in assistance.
scott's brother anthony scott says he was " not a " dangerous person ".	he was shot in the back and killed by a north charleston police officer.	north charleston police officer michael slager was charged with murder.	his brother anthony scott said thursday it could have been related to "child support and a fear of maybe going back to (jail)".	scott had been charged with murder, a charge that might not have been related to child support, he says.	walter scott, 50-year-old, was killed by a south carolina police officer.
president hassan rouhani says iran would keep at least some centrifuges and no longer face international sanctions.	rouhani: "we do not lie" that iran will be a more active player in world affairs.	iranian president says a nuclear deal would remove a major obstacle for business.	president hassan rouhani says there is a third path.	iran says it wants to build nuclear weapons, not nuclear weapons.	we do not lie, " he says, " we believe none of that, " rouhani says.
iranian foreign minister javad zarif calls for iran to be a final deal.	iran has shown "its readiness to engage with dignity," the iranian minister says.	british foreign secretary philip hammond says the deal will be a final deal.	zarif says iran has made significant progress over the last few days.	iranian minister: other side must "seize the moment," not try to pressure iran.	british foreign secretary of state john kerry: iran's nuclear program has no deal.
president obama's speech live in iran on final day of persian new year.	iranians celebrate the world cup in iran's international isolation.	iranian foreign minister javad zarif: "long live zarif"	iranians celebrate deal online and in the streets.	the u.s. president barack obama's speech in iran on a sunny friday.	u.s. and iranian state tv host obama to end iran.
vicente del bosque used game to give younger spain players a chance.	gerard pique and david de gea also included in the game.	spain's 2-0 defeat by holland in the world cup in brazil last year.	but coach vicente del bosque will be confident he can find the right mix of players to secure spain's berth.	spain's 2-0 defeat to holland at the amsterdam arena on tuesday.	gerard pique was given a start by vicente del bosque's side.
the incident occurred during the first game of the game against bradford city.	charlie sumner staged a one-man pitch invasion during his first-ever game at the madejski stadium.	charlie sumner, 20, faces a three-year football ban after running topless on to the pitch and performing a series of somersaults during the royals' fa cup 3-0 quarter-final replay win over bradford city last month.	charlie sumner, 20, invaded reading's madejski stadium pitch in march.	sumner, from wokingham, berkshire, said going to his first game was a' brilliant experience'.	despite facing a potential three - year ban, he said he had no regrets about the incident.
england drew 1-1 against italy in friendly at juventus stadium on tuesday.	the three lions were beaten in the first half by roy hodgson's men.	wayne rooney and his england team-mates were upset by their first half performance.	graziano pelle scored in the england squad's 1-1 draw with italy.	england beat italy 1 - 1 in the world cup on tuesday night.	wayne rooney and his england team - mates were upset by the sloppy, uninspired way they started in the first half.
france's paul pogba has been an integral winning run in serie a.	the allegri's side have won just one point of roma at the top of the bundesliga.	juventus face empoli on saturday in the serie a on saturday.	the turin club are 14 points clear of roma at the top of serie a.	juventus host empoli in the premier league.	juventus are 14 points clear of roma at the top of serie a table.
sunderland beat newcastle derby at the stadium of light on sunday.	the black cats have won three points in a row in the premier league.	john o'shea's side face west ham at the stadium of light on sunday.	sunderland have won the last four meetings at st james' park.	john o'shea says it is a' case of a case of getting the three points'.	black cats are in danger of falling into relegation zone over easter.
celtic face celtic in the premier league on sunday in the champions league.	celtic boss ronny deila is a different kind of bind.	manager ronny deila is eager to secure a fourth straight title for celtic.	celtic take on st mirren in paisley tonight.	they have won one match and earned # 12.6 m in the last three years.	celtic have won just three of their europa league ties with inter milan, ajax and barcelona.
hull boss steve bruce ahs revealed the club have once again asked fa for permission to change the name of his side.	hull city owner steve bruce has revealed owner assem allam can change the tigers.	hull city will become hull tigers in the premier league on january 47.	previous attempt to change name by owner assem allam angered fans.	hull city will become hull tigers if owner assem allam gets his way after the fa council voted against it by 47 votes to 27.	hull boss steve bruce has revealed allam can make another application to change the name.
carlos tevez and roberto pereyra scored as juventus defeated empoli.	carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and roberto pereyra added a 14 - point lead at the top of the table with a 1 - 0 win over empoli.	inter milan beat empoli 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday.	the turin giants maintained their grip on second place at the stadio olimpico.	roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as juventus beat empoli 2-0 on saturday.	carlos tevez scored his first goal of the season with a 2-0 win over empoli.
cesar azpilicueta scored the only goal of the premier league title against stoke city on saturday.	the spanish defender is hoping to win the premier league title.	jose mourinho's men have only briefly relinquished the title ahead of the game in the summer.	jose mourinho's men have won seven of their first eight games against stoke city.	chelsea are six points clear with a game in hand in the premier league.	cesar azpilicueta has scored 18 more in chelsea's title win against burnley.
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals against granada, malaga, borussia dortmund, queens park rangers, aston villa, torino and lille.	cristiano ronaldo's record of 36 league goals for the season was lionel messi's 32 strikes.	barcelona beat granada 9 - 1 at the bernabeu in the premier league.	he has scored four goals in 10 games for the likes of newcastle united, malaga, borussia dortmund, torino and lille.	real madrid beat granada 9-1, with cristiano ronaldo scoring five goals.	real madrid beat lionel messi's 32 goals in europe's top five leagues.
liverpool have scored just 45 goals in the premier league goals this season.	liverpool beat liverpool 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday.	brendan rodgers' side have top scorers with fewer premier league goals than liverpool.	crystal palace have scored six goals each for aston villa.	liverpool fans would have started the season quietly confident that the quality was in the final third in the season.	seventeen of 20 premier league clubs have top scorers with more goals.
qpr are without a trio of key players for their premier league clash.	alan hutton has been ruled out of tuesday's game against aston villa.	alan hutton limped off in saturday's 3-1 defeat at old park rangers.	philippe senderos and kieran richardson are doubts along with scott sinclair and ashley westwood.	tim sherwood is yet to play a pass under pressure from manchester united's daley blind.	two sides clash at loftus road on tuesday at 7.45 pm.
british no 1 defeated dominic thiem in miami open quarter finals.	andy murray beat dominic thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in the miami open.	he was awaiting the winner from the last tour of the miami open.	the 21 - year - old pushed him to 4 - 4 in the second round of a davis cup.	the british no 1 lost in the second round of a match between tomas berdych and juan monaco.	andy murray beat dominic thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in the miami open.
novak djokovic beat gael monfils 6-1 6-2 in the miami open.	the scot beat david ferrer in the last eight after beating kevin anderson tomas berdych in the quarter-finals.	the serbian's viktor troicki defeated gael monfils to book his place.	novak djokovic came from a set down to beat alexandr dolgopolov.	novak djokovic and novak djokovic reach the semi - finals of the miami semi - final.	novak djokovic and kei nishikori also in the final set.
ronnie deila has encouraged the concept of the tunnock's tea cake.	celtic's leigh griffiths looked round in the dug - out at st mirren.	the celtic striker was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit on good friday night.	the bhoys boss leigh griffiths invoked the power of the bhoys.	the scotland star remained on the bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match.	celtic beat st mirren 2-0 in their scottish premiership clash on good friday.
sunderland and newcastle united have a not-so-mighty six points.	dick advocaat is set to return to the club on sunday.	clash being billed as'the desperation derby' with both sides struggling.	john carver's side have won just four times in their last six matches.	they have scored four goals in their games in the premier league this season.	sunderland and newcastle united have been in a derby on sunday afternoon.
the 29-year-old has struggled in a season-long loan at manchester united.	the 29 - year - old spent eight years with the argentine club before leaving for porto.	radamel falcao has been in good goalscoring form for manchester united.	falcao has been in excellent goalscoring form for his countrythis week, scoring just four goals in two games to equal colombia's record record record with 24 goals.	falcao has managed just four goals in 19 premier league appearances.	manchester united striker radamel falcao has struggled on loan at old trafford.
the clippers blew a 17 - point lead in a row at staples center.	eastern conference leaders atlanta hawks were beaten by detroit.	brooklyn beat miami heat 95-81 in the pacific division champions league.	blake griffin had 40 points and 13 rebounds for the pistons.	blake griffin had 22 points and 13 rebounds for the hawks.	thompson and curry scored 16 points for the pacific division champions.
andros townsend scored england's equaliser against italy on tuesday.	aaron lennon has scored twice for spurs in the premier league this season.	andros townsend was his third for england against italy in the world cup.	townsend stands in comparison with his speed and directness.	the 23-year-old has scored more than andros townsend in the premier league.	andros townsend scored the goal for england against italy in the summer.
conte's faith by scoring against joe hart's far corner to make it 1-0 saints fans will be hoping that drought may soon come to an end after seeing the striker score a fine header in the azzurri's 1-1	pelle has struggled in front of goal in recent months and has not managed to find the net in his third cap pelle has not scored in the premier league since december'those that play always have to prove themselves to the coach'.	italy and england drew 1-1 in a friendly at juventus stadium on tuesday.	pelle has scored three goals in 12 games this season.	southampton striker glanced girogio chiellini's cross into st mary's, netting nine goals in his first 12 matches.	graziano pelle scored against england at st mary's on tuesday night.
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night.	manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night.	city lost 2-1 to crystal palace on sunday in their premier league title.	roberto mancini was shown door by city 12 months after first league title.	the last four mangers to have won the league title in three seasons.	manuel pellegrini's side lost 2 - 1 to chelsea in the premier league on monday.
having taken hormones for years, she had gender reassignment surgery.	she is now planning their wedding in south bank, middlesbrough.	fay purdham and christopher dodd are to marry after reuniting years after miss purdham underwent surgery to become a woman at the age of 23.	christopher and fay purdham grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers.	christopher dodd, 24, and fay purdham, 27, have been married for two years.	the pair, who now live in south bank, middlesbrough, reunited at a party years later.
real were beaten 2-1 in el clasico last time out before international break.	real madrid beat granada a second goal in the premier league last season.	robert ibanez scored granada's lead in real madrid.	diego mainz scored the only goal of the game to win the la liga season.	the spanish keeper scored a late consolation for tottenham on sunday.	cristiano ronaldo, karim benzema and gareth bale scored for real madrid.
der klassiker scored five minutes from time as bayern defeated dortmund 2-1.	bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2 - 1 at wembley on saturday.	bayern munich's arjen robben scored an equaliser in the 2013 champions league final at wembley in november.	borussia dortmund host bayern munich on saturday at signal iduna park.	bayern munich and real madrid will face wolfsburg or bayern vs monchengladbach.	the aubameyang of borussia dortmund's mats hummels and mats hummels were also in the lead.
wasps have seized four titles in the last eight of the new 2 - 1 win over leicester.	leinster and northampton are also interested in leinster.	irish teams have kept four titles in the last eight of the new champions cup.	irish teams have won four titles in the last eight of the champions cup.	the aviva premiership champions have been to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year.	it has been eight years since an english club triumphed in the european champions cup.
sergio aguero had opened the scoring for manchester united defender marcos rojo.	gerardo martino's side beat ecuador 4 - 2 in a friendly on saturday.	gerardo martino's team beat their south american rivals in new jersey.	argentina beat el salvador 2-0 to notch a second straight copa america warm-up win.	argentina beat ecuador 2 - 1 in their first round in the first half.	lionel messi scored his 22nd goal and first since argentina beat germany 4-2.
the 27 - year - old finished tied first to earn his place in the masters.	kelvin day is a real 36 hole lottery with two rounds of 64.	he entered the qualifying for the houston open and finished tied first.	the web.com tour will take place in the shell houston open on sunday.	casey and justin rose will be three shots behind the leaders.	surrey - born kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the pga tour event.
phil mickelson will end the masters at augusta next week.	tiger woods confirmed his participation at the shell houston open with rounds of 66 or 67.	mickelson is one shot behind in the third round with a 68 to sit one shot at the shell houston open.	woods reportedly shot 74 with a round of 66 with a 67 at the masters.	justin rose is one shot behind by andrew putnam going into third round.	phil mickelson holds a one shot lead going into day three of houston open.
manchester united beat manchester united 1 - 0 on tuesday night.	the manchester united man came on against italy on tuesday night.	rooney and frank lampard have been in the for 13 years.	matthews won his 54 - year - old england debut against manchester united.	carrick has won four premier league titles and a 1 - 1 draw.	michael carrick won the world cup with west ham united on saturday.
brazilian defender david luiz pulled up during win against marseille.	luiz' injury came as a major blow to andre-pier gignac in the first-half.	laurent blanc's side are still in france just one point ahead of lyon.	paris saint - germain went on to win champions league clash with barcelona.	david luiz will miss both legs of the quarter - final.	laurent blanc's side currently sit top of the ligue one title.
travis hatfield, 21, from gilbert, west virginia, has become a viral sensation after he posted a video of himself online singing to his uncle jamie joe cline.	the singer says he is how receiving offers from record labels.	'he is a big part in my life and i do n't know what i would do without him,' wrote travis on facebook.	travis hatfield, 21, from west virginia, posted a video of himself onlinesinging to his uncle.	'he is a big part in my life and i do n't know what i would do without him,' he wrote on his facebook page.	travis hatfield, 21, from gilbert, west virginia sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle, jamie joe cline, who has down syndrome.
the world no 1 has been ready for a week after two months on the sidelines.	rory mcilroy insists he is'ready' to win his final major at augusta.	he says he is ready to play in the masters at augusta on tuesday.	the world no 1 admits thursday's open victory at hoylake last july after a practice round.	mcilroy has recorded just two weeks in the final round of woods.	the world no 1 has won the masters and jack nicklaus and tiger woods in the last two months on the sidelines.
kentucky's unbeaten season was brought to an end wisconsin to the final with a tense victory over kentucky.	frank kaminsky is the first undefeated player in the semi - final, at lucas oil park in indianapolis.	wisconsin will play duke in monday's final of the ncaa tournament.	wisconsin moved through to the final with a tense victory over kentucky in the semi-finals of the ncaa tournament.	wisconsin coach bo ryan said kentucky's bid to be the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years.	wisconsin will play duke, an 81-61 winner over michigan in the semi-final of the ncaa tournament.
bafetimbi gomis and bafetimbi gomis scored in the first half.	jonjo shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for swansea.	5 subs not used:amat, chester, sagbo, harper booked:hernandez, mcshane, ndoye, bruce, diame.	swansea city beat hull city 2-1 in the premier league at the liberty stadium on saturday.	steve bruce has scored five goals in the premier league so far this season.	aaron lennon scored the only goal of the premier league for the first time since 2006.
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 in the premier league on monday.	manchester city have won just one of their five league games this season.	manuel pellegrini's side have not won a premier league game since the 1994-95 season.	manuel pellegrini's side have not won a premier league game since 20 years.	manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 in the premier league on sunday.	manchester city lost to crystal palace on monday night.
henrik stenson of sweden will play in the three-par tournament.	gene sarazen played the most impressive shot in the tournaments history with an albatross on the 15th hole in the final round to edge out craig wood.	rory mcilroy and henrik stenson of sweden looked less than impressed after coming down.	sportsmail's derek lawrenson has been in the past with a bout of flu.	ian poulter forgot to bring his clubs ahead of his practice round.	rory mcilroy is the first world no 1 for the first time in the world's first major of the year.
benik afobe was a second - highest scorer in the premier league this season.	quiz question is the second-highest scorer in the country this season.	bakary sako scored 19 times for kenny jackett's side.	the 22 - year - old was one of the first half - time for the first time in the last - half of the season.	dexter blackstock scored a late consolation for the hosts in injury time.	man-of-the-moment harry kane of tottenham and england sold him to wolves.
fa cup defeated cardiff 1-0 at the madejski stadium on april 18.	arsenal lost 3-0 to cardiff at wembley on april 18.	pavel pogrebnyak had put reading in front after four minutes.	reading face arsenal in the unbeaten run of three matches.	pavel pogrebnyak scored his third goal in two matches for cardiff.	pavel pogrebnyak scored in a shot from aron gunnarsson against reading.
principality side failed to break into title chasing pack of marseille, lyon and leaders psg.	second - division auxerre beat french cup holder guingamp.	anthony martial scored a penalty in the second half.	dimitar berbatov was sent off in the second half to put the visitors in the lead.	monaco beat montpellier 1 - 0 at home to montpellier in the second half.	leonardo jardim's side remain in fourth spot after lucas barrios fired a penalty.
pellegrini says his side must close their lead at the top of premier league.	manuel pellegrini has warned his side must be in the race for the title.	manuel pellegrini knows his team can not afford to lose any more ground.	manuel pellegrini's side are currently in the top of premier league.	the manchester city lost 2 - 1 to the etihad stadium on monday.	manchester city beat crystal palace 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday.
real madrid's petr cech will nab him for free in a year.	manchester united goalkeeper david de gea has been in fantastic form this season.	the european champions would like to sign a new deal.	louis van gaal wants to sign de gea for free in a year.	the argetinian youngster has been in fantastic form this season.	as claim real will wait for contract to run down if they ca n't sign him.
juan mata scored twice as united beat aston villa 2-1 at crystal palace on sunday.	louis van gaal has waited a long time for such news.	the manchester united boss has been in the top four of the premier league season.	van gaal's side take on aston villa in the top four at crystal palace.	manchester united host aston villa in the premier league on saturday.	manchester city, one of the three and four in the league have begun to look rather interchangeable.
nicolas otamendi scored a 90th minute equaliser for athletic bilbao.	nicolas otamendi had been to 10 men in the second half for athletic bilbao.	rodrigo de paul scored the only goal of the game.	villarreal beat athletic bilbao 1 - 0 to secure a 1 - 1 draw.	valencia had been reduced to 10 men for athletic bilbao at san mames stadium.	valencia were held to a 1-1 draw by athletic bilbao after aritz aduriz netted.
marcelo bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of sunday's clash with racing metro to reach a second successive european final.	mark mccall believes saracens can not be fit for the champions cup semi-final.	saracens face clermont in semi-final in neutral st etienne on april 18 or 19.	marcelo bosch landed a long - term penalty in the final act of sunday's showdown with racing metro to secure a 12 - final win in the last - four - second euro 2016 qualifiers.	northampton lost 12 - 11 in the champions cup semi - final on the day of the match.	marcelo bosch scored the clermont in the champions cup semi-final against northampton.
england paceman stuart broad (nought) and gary trott (17) failed to make it to the attack.	england's stuart broad collapsed clutching his left ankle in second over.	stuart broad scored in the second of the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine.	jonathan trott and gary ballance were parachuted in to cull local team.	gary ballance and gary ballance both failed to do so, but bairstow made 98 and joe root ended the day at warner park.	the game was the first of england's honorary kittitians had the most productive - ever cut - up.
ander herrera's first goal in a 2 - 1 draw against aston villa at old trafford.	manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday.	louis van gaal's side face manchester city at old trafford on saturday.	herrera scored twice as united beat villa 3-1 in their premier league clash.	manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday.	louis van gaal wanted ander herrera to control the ball before shooting.
liverpool lost to manchester united in the premier league on saturday.	juan mata's acrobatic volley two weeks ago left liverpool five points adrift of manchester united in fourth brendan rodgers' side need to beat arsenal on saturday to keep up their chances of a top - four finish liverpool eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play, a massive mountain to climb.	arsene wenger's manager of the month award for champion's league.	brendan rodgers' side beat arsenal in a 2-2 draw in december.	liverpool beat arsenal 2-2 in the premier league on saturday.	raheem sterling dispute shows how important european football is.
liverpool host manchester united at the emirates on saturday night.	martin skrtel and steven gerrard are suspended for the pivotal clash.	liverpool manager brendan rodgers says his side can not afford not to turn up in the clash with arsenal on saturday.	manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the champions league.	liverpool face manchester united on saturday afternoon.	liverpool boss brendan rodgers wants his side to play arsenal on saturday.
muliaina has been playing for connacht in ireland this season.	the kiwi veteran was led away by police after his side's 14-7 loss at kingsholm stadium on friday.	the former all black was arrested at kingsholm and then led to a police van muliaina live on tv.	he was in action for connacht against cardiff on friday night.	he was taken to a police van where he was detained muliaina's arrest was captured live on sky sports following the challenge cup quarter-final.	the former all blacks star was arrested at kingsholm stadium on friday night.
steven gerrard was pictured in the paper at the end of the season.	former ireland player has been on a new challenge.	steven gerrard was pictured in the paper at the end of the season.	the former england captain is still suspended after his sending off at anfield.	the former england captain highlighted the importance of' nurturing' the midfielder and described him as' outstanding' after seeing him play at 12.	gerrard was described as'an outstanding talent' by heighway.
england beat china 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day of the world cup.	reading striker fran kirby doubled england's advantage.	england lost 2 - 0 to manchester city in the first half of the game.	fran kirby and fran kirby made the first - half lead in the 16th minute.	jodie taylor and jodie taylor scored in the second half for the world cup.	jodie taylor scored her eighth cap for england.
ander herrera nets either side of wayne rooney in manchester united win.	manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on sunday.	wayne rooney scored his first goal in eight games for united since being restored up front by louis van gaal.	manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on sunday.	wayne rooney scored his sixth goal in eight matches for united.	louis van gaal's side are eight points clear of champions league.
charlie adam equalised for chelsea against stoke at stamford bridge.	the moment is one to forget for chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois.	chelsea beat stoke 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 in the first half in the premier league on saturday.	eden hazard and loic remy scored the penalty spot in the second half.	thibaut courtois was on the winning team for jose mourinho's team.	gary cahill and john terry scored in the second half.
nico rosberg won the race at the malaysian gp on wednesday.	nico rosberg and lewis hamilton attended the malaysian grand prix on march 29.	hamilton and sebastian vettel have been involved in the race race in shanghai on april 10-12.	sebastian vettel was beaten by ferrari and lewis hamilton.	nico rosberg finished 8.5 seconds ahead of nico rosberg at the malaysian grand prix with ferrari on march 29.	mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg came second and third.
jordan henderson lost the ball 23 times in liverpool's 1-0 win over newcastle.	the england star has been in a single one of his previous 29 premier league appearances this season.	the england star was a wing back in the premier league's easter weekend.	sunderland beat newcastle 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday.	liverpool manager brendan rodgers has not won the captain's armband.	loic remy got a fifth premier league goal in only 456 minutes this season.
the tottenham striker scored for the first time in the premier league on sunday.	harry kane scored within seconds of his game against tottenham.	spurs boss mauricio pochettino is seven points off manchester city and finish fourth.	harry kane was chosen as spurs captain in the premier league this season.	but they are now seven points adrift of fourth-placed manchester city.	harry kane scored his first goal of the season against lithuania on march 27.
the 50th he has scored for his club side in the premier league table, a spot they have occupied since november.	andy king scored his 50th goal to earn leicester three points.	he has spent his whole career playing for the club and has been on 49 for a long time.	but it was enough to defeat west ham in a frenetic match and breathe life back into the 86th minute of saturday's match it was by no means his most spectacular, a mere flick from six yards out enough to take the ball past adrian.	david nugent has scored four points for leicester city.	west ham beat west ham 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday.
leicester beat west ham 1-0 at the king power stadium in saturday's 2-1 win over west ham.	the foxes are bottom of the premier league table with 22 points.	esteban cambiasso scored his first goal of the game against west ham on saturday.	nigel pearson's side beat west ham 2-1 at the king power stadium.	the former real madrid and inter milan star had not scored his fine goal.	west ham beat west ham 2 - 1 in saturday's 2 - 0 win over west ham.
harry kane scored a goal in an open training session for fans at white hart lane on thursday morning.	harry kane scored his first goal of the season against white hart lane on thursday.	spurs host aston villa on saturday at white hart lane on thursday.	harry kane, nabil bentaleb, eric dier, roberto soldado, danny rose and the apparent king of the crossbar, christian eriksen, ignoring attempts from his team-mates to distact him, all went narrowly over the top.	harry kane awaits his chance to impress in a crossbar challenge during open training at white hart lane on thursday morning.	etienne capoue and nabil bentaleb win crossbar challenge on thursday.
charlie austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later, bobby zamora made it three.	bobby zamora scored qpr's second goal of the game.	the qpr players went into the lead against west brom at the hawthorns on sunday.	chris ramsey and charlie austin scored for the home side in the first half.	bobby zamora scored the lead in the second on the road all season.	chris ramsey scored qpr's third goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute.
he is now the defending champion in the opposite corner of the world.	lee is also questioned by undefeated russian matt korobov.	the 31 - year - old has been out of the ring for 12 months since his undefeated career.	peter quillin had been due to defend his wbo world championship last year.	quillin will return to the ring for the first time in a year against lee.	peter quillin, 31-year-old, of andy lee in andy lee next weekend.
juan mata and herrera have been used as a sub in recent weeks.	louis van gaal has been used as a sub in the top four.	manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday.	manchester city beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on sunday.	manchester united beat aston villa to secure an eight-point cushion.	manchester city beat manchester city 1 - 0 in the champions league last 16.
mccall also warned the former scotland cap could cost him his place.	lee mcculloch has been given a two - match ban on sunday.	rangers boss stuart mccall was given a two-match ban after three successive wins in the championship.	stuart mccall admits his winger'made an error' with his comments.	former hearts star has been given a two-match ban in the ibrox.	mccall had introduced a brand of coaching and could cost him his place.
the final act was the first victory in seven championship games.	cyrus christie lost the ball out on the right but a mistake by ben watson.	in the second half, tom ince scored to complete derby's comeback.	watford defeated watford 2-2 at the ipro stadium on friday night.	darren bent opened the scoring for watford against the 10 men of watford.	steve mcclaren's side lost to matej vydra in the 23rd minute.
sebastian vettel won the second race of the season after mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg in malaysia.	hamilton and nico rosberg have won the second race of the season after mercedes' dominance.	lewis hamilton and mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton won the first race of the season.	mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff claims the champions will fight off the new threat of ferrari.	sebastian vettel gave ferrari victory at the malaysian grand prix.	mercedes chief toto wolff says he has left no stone unturned in the future.
christian benteke scored his hat-trick for aston villa against qpr on tuesday night.	fabian delph also gave an assured performance for villa in midfield.	christian benteke scored a hat-trick for aston villa on tuesday.	fabian delph scored his first goal of the season against relegation rivals qpr.	brad guzan gave austin a free jump from kieran clark 6.	gabriel agbonlahor scored his second goal for villa in a game against relegation.
he has scored three goals in his last five games in the premier league.	harry kane has scored 78 goals for spurs since his debut in march.	kane has scored 29 goals in his last five games this season.	harry kane scored 29 goals in his last five games against tottenham.	harry kane has 29 goals for tottenham this season and played for england.	sherwood insisted tottenham need to keep pace with harry kane's progression or risk losing their academy star.
united sit above city in the table after having played the same amount of league matches for the first time since november 2013.	united sit above city in the premier league table for the first time since november 2013.	the sir alex ferguson was in 2011 when wayne rooney's late spectacular acrobatic goal earned them a 2-1 victory.	wayne rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as manchester city beat aston villa 3-1 on sunday.	manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on april 4.	manuel pellegrini's side will move four points clear of the champions league.
manuel pellegrini is looking to take on manchester united in the last - two match.	manchester city face manchester city in the premier league on sunday.	louis van gaal is relishing the prospect of playing in the city.	manchester city are in fourth, a point behind rivals manchester united.	manchester city face manchester city in the premier league on sunday.	manuel pellegrini's side take on manchester united at old trafford this weekend.
the cumbrian striker was his fifth goal in his last five games for manchester united.	vincent kompany scored a hat-trick against manchester city on monday night.	glenn murray netted his fifth goal in five games to open the scoring.	crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday.	crystal palace beat manchester city 1-0 in the premier league on monday.	glenn murray scored a hat-trick in his last five games.
murray's first - half goal was tested just once in the first half.	manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 in the premier league on monday night.	glenn murray scored in the second half to give crystal palace the lead.	yaya toure scored his first goal of the game against crystal palace.	manchester city beat manchester city 2 - 1 in the premier league.	midfielder james mcarthur also put in a superb, full hearted performance.
louis van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in sunday's derby at old trafford.	fellaini has scored three goals in a row and are in third place.	fellaini has scored three goals in united's in 3-0 defeat to manchester city.	robin van persie will not return to the fray for manchester united against manchester city.	manchester united manager louis van gaal has been substituted in a 3-0 united defeat against aston villa.	fellaini was jeered by united and city fans in this this fixture last season.
steve cotterill and aaron wilbraham both scored in the second half.	ashton gate, 50-year-old needs just two more wins to earn the fourth promotion of a career.	bristol city's lead at the top of the league one table was extended to eight points following a 3-0 win over swindon.	kieran agard and joe bryan scored for the home side.	steve cotterill could be the fourth promotion of a career.	kieran agard, joe bryan and aaron wilbraham win unbeaten start to the season.
louis van gaal was a man with the plan for the first season.	united face manchester united in their premier league clash on saturday.	van gaal's three - year vision would be dining from the premier league.	manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the champions league on saturday.	van gaal looks likely to deliver on his promise of top four finish.	wayne rooney scored eight points for liverpool at old trafford.
padraig harrington has won his first tournament in america since 2008 uspga championship.	padraig harrington has been in the houston open for the first time since the 2008 uspga championship.	the three times major winner tips dustin johnson to challenge rory mcilroy at augusta.	he ended up in the tournament after a month ago.	padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the houston open in texas.	the houston open in texas is the first major championship.
brendan rodgers insists his side are not in crisis at anfield.	liverpool face manchester united at ewood park on tuesday night.	mario balotelli and steven gerrard, martin skrtel and emre can also in the.	liverpool manager brendan rodgers has said a training-ground meeting on sunday was designed to quell dissent.	reds take on blackburn in fa cup quarter-final replay on tuesday night.	brendan rodgers claims there is no crisis at the club's best chance of making progress this season.
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 in the el clasico.	barcelona beat barcelona 2 - 0 at the emirates stadium on 36 minutes.	barcelona struggle to 1-0 la liga victory against celta vigo.	toni kroos scored his first goal of the season for carlo ancelotti's side.	jeremy mathieu and gerard pique scored for the french centre-back.	chicharito scored two more goals for real madrid as they look to keep up with barcelona in the quest for the la liga title.
ronaldo scored four goals in real madrid's super cup win over sevilla.	the portuguese superstar scored four goals in real madrid's 9-1 win.	lionel messi scored his 22nd career hat-trick and his 24th in the season.	ronaldo has 18 goals in 12 against sevilla ; 15 in 20 versus atletico.	cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 in la liga.	the portuguese superstar has now scored 11 times in just eight matches.
liverpool face manchester city in the champions league on saturday.	brendan rodgers' side have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas.	brendan rodgers' side have won 17 of 20 games since christmas in all competitions.	liverpool suffered 4-1 premier league defeat by rivals arsenal.	liverpool boss brendan rodgers says his side will damage liverpool in the premier league.	arsenal beat arsenal 3 - 1 in the champions league.
brad guzan's goal in the third round of the fa cup in january.	manchester united's third goal against queens park rangers.	the 25 - year - old scored in manchester united's 2 - 1 win over aston villa.	manchester united beat aston villa in the fa cup third round on saturday.	the spanish midfielder scored his first goal of the season for spain's under 20 side.	herrera netted a brace in manchester united's 3-1 win over aston villa.
zlatan ibrahimovic scored the only goal of the game against manchester united.	psg beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on easter sunday.	zlatan ibrahimovic's mis-hit free kick ibrahimovic put pressure on jeremy morel to force a own goal just two minutes later.	english football's closest equivalent, liverpool take on easter sunday, marseille and paris st germain.	real madrid and barcelona are also a battle for the top four.	marquinhos brings psg level again, before jeremy morel own goal puts champions ahead moments later.
nigel de scored the net off alfred duncan's leg before the hour mark.	nigel de jong overhed and philippe mexes scored for ac milan.	samuel eto'o laid on chance for roberto soriano opener for sampdoria.	nigel de jong scored the only goal from the top of the box.	ac milan equalised for the first time in the second half.	nigel de jong overhed kicked off alfred duncan's leg after a poor corner clearance.
gomez has scored fiorentina in july 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of # 17.2 million.	gomez has committed his future to the nou camp in july 2013.	mario gomez has been linked with a move to fiorentina in the summer.	mario gomez has been linked with a move to barcelona in the summer.	mario gomez has been linked with a move to la liga giants barcelona.	the 29-year-old insists he is keen to stay at the nou camp.
alvaro arbeloa said he could n't understand the'witch hunt' against bale.	gareth bale joined cristiano ronaldo and co for their second day back at the nou camp on sunday.	gareth bale joined cristiano ronaldo and co for their second day back at training as real madrid train fall four points behind the la liga leaders.	cristiano ronaldo scored his first goal of the match at the time of the season.	cristiano ronaldo, toni kroos and toni kroos are among the stars to win the la liga	carlo ancelotti and his state employed small-sided games and shooting drills at the valdebebas training ground on wednesday.
atletico won the last season's super cup semi - final against real madrid.	atletico beat real to real madrid in the first leg of the champions league last season.	the la liga champions have won their 10th european crown against them in lisbon.	real madrid beat eibar 3-0 to go just 2 points behind barcelona in la liga.	sergio ramos and sergio ramos scored in the first leg of the king's cup and defeated them in la liga.	fernando torres scored his first goal of the season's super cup win over real madrid.
lazio midfielder stefano mauri scored lazio's second goal of the game in the win against empoli.	maxi lopez scored a late on to lead roma by a point.	lazio's stefano mauri scored the only goal to give roma the lead.	napoli beat fiorentina 3-0 in the coppa italia final on saturday.	palermo beat empoli 4 - 0 in the stadio olimpico on sunday.	win sees lazio leapfrog rivals roma into second place 12 points off juve.
jason puncheon signed for # 1.9 m from porto in august last year.	crystal palace's xi is contracted to city until june 2019.	glenn murray has scored four goals in the premier league.	martin kelly scored his first goal of the season against manchester city.	crystal palace's entire starting xi cost just # 17million.	crystal palace's premier league title on monday night may only have been worth a mere # 17m.
sergio aguero, alexis sanchez and david de gea are also contenders.	luis suarez has been named player of the season for premier league.	eden hazard has scored 17 times in 44 games for tottenham so far this season.	kane has hit an impressive 29 goals in the england squad.	gareth bale has scored 79 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season.	last year’s winner luis suarez has twice been named player of the month during his breakthrough campaign.
bayern munich face porto in the last eight of the season.	bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1 - 0 in the german cup quarter - final.	bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 in the german cup quarter-final on saturday.	bayer leverkusen will face porto in the quarter-final on wednesday.	manuel neuer looking for bayern to build momentum in cup on wednesday.	bayern were without wingers franck ribery and arjen robben during the clash at signal iduna park.
psg have already met twice in the last eight of europe's elite club competition.	luis enrique's side have been in the champions league with a record eighth season in a row.	the brazil striker was substituted in the semi - final at the nou camp.	psg beat sevilla 2 - 2 at the parc des princes stadium on saturday.	neymar has been sidelined for wednesday's first leg in the champions league.	enrique says that he makes the final decisions and they must be respected.
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in miami open 2015 final.	the world no 1 lost his cool at the end of the second set in miami open.	novak djokovic lost his cool at the end of the miami open final.	the world no 1 has apologised for the incident and says it'did n't look good'.	the world no 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy caught in a video posted on facebook.	he was the the first set of the final to andy murray in sunday's miami open final.
the chelsea team - mates will put on the line against manchester city in the fifth final in the next year.	chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3 - 2 in the premier league on tuesday night.	jose mourinho's side face manchester city in their fifth final in six years.	chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth league on sunday.	izzy brown, dominic solanke and ruben loftus-cheek represent the best chance the club has of bucking the trend.	chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in uefa youth league tie.
sergio aguero and sergio aguero also scored in the northern xi.	the southern all - stars came out on top in the match against the premier league's best players from the north and south in the south of england.	manchester city beat harry kane in the match on monday.	wayne rooney and alexis sanchez scored for the northern combined xi.	manchester city's sergio aguero gave joe bernstein's northern all-stars the lead in the opening minute.	sergio aguero and wayne rooney scored in the second half.
pep guardiola's side are in high spirits after their lead at the top of the bundesliga.	xabi alonso put his team - mates through their paces.	xabi alonso was left stretching for a pass during' rondo' training drill.	xabi alonso was left in the line for a pass with his team-mates watching on and ending up falling to 10 points.	bayern munich beat bayern munich 2 - 0 at the etihad stadium on saturday.	pep guardiola's side are top of the bundesliga by 10 points.
tim sherwood scored his hat-trick with a minutes to go.	aston villa have a 3 - 1 draw against villa in the premier league on tuesday.	chris ramsey equalised for aston villa in the 1-1 draw.	aston villa beat aston villa 3-3 in the premier league on tuesday night.	aston villa beat qpr aston villa at villa park on tuesday night.	christian benteke scored a hat-trick for the home side as the relegation strugglers shared the points at villa park.
jenson button and fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang circuit.	jenson button and fernando alonso both retired in malaysia last month.	both button and fernando alonso drives ahead of this weekend's chinese grand prix.	fernando alonso retired from the malaysian grand prix on saturday.	mclaren's fernando alonso has won the malaysian grand prix in shanghai.	mclaren and new power-unit supplier honda made significant progress in the chinese grand prix.
eden hazard and nacer chadli and marouane fellaini also scored for aston villa.	christian rooney scores one of the 67 goals scored by 81 different english players.	players from belgium have now netted 48 premier league goals this term.	eden hazard has scored 12 goals for premier league goals this season.	france's eden hazard has netted 11 top - flight goals so far this season.	christian benteke's hat-trick against qpr was the third most prolific nation in the division.
the red devils have won 3-1 at home to swansea in the fa cup third with 3-1 win over aston villa.	it is unlikely that van persie will make united's starting xi against city.	the 31 - year - old is likely to take on manchester united on sunday.	marouane fellaini has scored 10 goals in the fa cup against aston villa.	the 31-year-old has scored just 10 goals this term for united last six games.	united lost 2 - 1 to aston villa in the premier league on august 21.
jordan henderson has scored 31 goals in the premier league.	luis suarez, philippe coutinho and raheem sterling have all been deserving of the season.	luis suarez was liverpool's player of the season.	brendan rodgers' side have lost three of their 23 matches in the 23 games.	but who would earn that accolade this year? jordan henderson has many backers, as does coutinho.	luis suarez scored 31 goals in the campaign against manchester city on march 12.
manchester city beat leicester 3-0 at the king power stadium on wednesday.	manchester city beat leicester 3-0 at the king power stadium on wednesday.	manchester city will face leicester city in the next leg on april 20.	isaac buckley and brandon barker set up their first leg lead.	substitute isaac buckley scored to cancel out layton ndukwu opener.	the manchester city face chelsea in the premier league on the day.
bristol city have earned promotion to the championship.	add to that their memorable johnstone’s paint trophy victory at wembley last month saw them triumphantly over the finishing line.	bristol city beat bradford city 6-0 in the football league on tuesday night.	bristol city beat bradford city 2 - 0 in the premier league on tuesday night.	the 25-year-old defender aden flint scored his first goal for the club.	aden flint was the first team in the football league to win promotion.
lionel messi and gareth bale have a new relationship with luis suarez, gareth bale and cristiano ronaldo.	he says he has never seen a relationship like the one luis suarez, lionel messi and luis suarez have for barcelona.	barcelona are in france ahead of their champions league quarter - final tie against paris saint - germain.	lionel messi and luis suarez are in france ahead of their champions league quarter-final tie against paris saint-germain.	gareth bale and cristiano ronaldo are in madrid ahead of wednesday night's match.	the spanish giants are in the champions league quarter-finals on wednesday night.
galleries were packed as crowd favourite tiger woods struggled on his first round at augusta woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell woods feels the heat at augusta with the world no 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round.	woods has been in the field for two months and has been out with a poor chip shot on the third round.	he was still the 111th ranked golfer in the world. a bit erratic, a bit brilliant, a bit rusty, a bit fallible. and, fleetingly, a bit marvellous too.	tiger woods was playing in the third hole at augusta woods on first round.	he looked more than irritated, perched at the top of a small incline to the right of the green.	tiger woods won his first round at augusta in the final par five.
justin rose scored 67 to seal charley hoffman in second round.	jordan spieth takes first-day lead into second round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked.	rory mcilroy kept alive his hopes of claiming career grand slam with 71.	justin rose and ernie els also in the evening shadows.	jordan spieth beat justin rose and ernie els in opening round of 64.	justin rose and 45-year-old ernie els and bubba watson tied in the field.
arsenal were made to fight for their eighth win in a row at turf moor.	wenger hails burnley's'solidarity and organisation'	sean dyche's side are two points from hull city and aston villa.	the gunners boss says his side have to fight for their eighth win in a row.	arsenal host burnley in the premier league on turf moor on saturday.	wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche this season and last night the gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying:' i understand now why they took points from other teams like chelsea and manchester city.
carlo ancelotti's side face valencia on the same day.	real madrid return to la liga on saturday and face atletico in next wednesday's second leg.	sami khedira, dani carvjal, linked with a move to the la liga side, who face valencia on the return to la liga action.	cristiano ronaldo, gareth bale and lucas silva were on the bench for the first leg on tuesday in the champions league on tuesday.	cristiano ronaldo and dani carvjal were put through their first leg against atletico in the 0 - 0 draw at la liga on wednesday.	there was no sign of cristiano ronaldo and the rest of tuesday's starters.
xabi alonso doubled his lead at stamford bridge in 2006.	charlie adam beat chelsea 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday evening.	david beckham and xabi alonso have also hit famous wonder-strikes.	the spanish midfielder scored his third goal in the premier league with a goal.	xabi alonso opened the scoring for liverpool against stoke on saturday.	thibaut courtois scored his chelsea side against chelsea at stamford bridge.
charlie adam was 66 yards from goal for stoke city at chelsea.	charlie adam scored his first goal of the season against west ham last march.	the stoke city lost 1 - 1 to west ham on saturday.	adam's goal compared to david beckham and xabi alonso goals.	the manchester city midfielder was 66 yards from a half - time he was a first - half - goal of his career at the club in the summer of the season.	the stoke city midfielder was 66 yards from inside his own half as he is unable to stop adam's shot from hitting the back of the net for 1-1.
simon mignolet believes victory over blackburn vital after two defeats.	liverpool beat blackburn 1 - 0 at ewood park in the fa cup.	lucas leiva scored his first game against blackburn in the fa cup semi-final.	lucas leiva is set to return to the national stadium on april 19.	liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final replay on april 19.	liverpool beat liverpool 2 - 0 in the premier league on wednesday.
lionel messi and alfredo di stefano have also played in the top 10.	who else have made their mark with goals at one particular club?	dixie dean, everton's rayo vallecano, raul and raul have also been linked with a move to real madrid.	the la liga giants have signed lionel messi and lionel messi.	cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi have been in the premier league.	he is just seven goals from alfredo di stefano in the la liga club.
southampton are seventh, a point behind liverpool and tottenham on 53.	the saints have seven matches to chase that dream of signing sadio mane.	ronald koeman's side are currently seventh in the premier league.	koeman is looking for a move to the southampton side.	the tigers are one point above the top of the table and are seventh.	hull city are seventh in the premier league with 53 points from the season.
four-time world champion higgins had a single break over 50 as he beat scottish countryman graeme dott 5-2 at the china open.	mark selby plays a shot against fellow engllishman elliot slessor at the china open at peking university in beijing.	the last 16 will take place across two sessions on thursday.	selby and john higgins beat mark davis to set up a third-round meeting with mark williams, who was an easy 5-0 winner.	shaun murphy's third round came from 3-2 to beat peter ebdon.	ding, the home favourite and reigning champion in beijing, enjoyed a century break in frame six to seal a 5-1 success against peter ebdon.
vincent kompany to be assessed 24 hours before old trafford clash.	manuel pellegrini said he does not fear for his job amid mounting pressure.	manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace on sunday.	vincent kompany is doubtful for the game against manchester united.	vincent kompany is an injury doubt for the match against louis van gaal's men.	vincent kompany is an injury doubt for manchester derby against crystal palace.
van persie said he was fit to feature in the game against city on sunday after ankle trouble but van gaal has ruled him out.	robin van gaal's side have won three of their last three visits to old trafford.	united have n't beaten manchester city at home in the league since 2001, losing last three meetings.	wayne rooney, ander herrera and robin van persie have been in action.	louis van gaal has been to training after being declared fit to play against manchester city on sunday afternoon.	louis van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in sunday's derby at old trafford.
fulham captain scott parker is hassled for the ball by ross mccormack and matt smith.	james mcclean scored a stunning free-kick to level the scores 1-1 against fulham in the premier league on friday night.	wigan winger jermaine pennant scored his side's opening goal against wigan on friday.	james mcclean scored two minutes of his third goal in the last - 16 clash in wigan.	jermaine pennant scored his first goal of the season against wigan on friday.	ross mccormack gave fulham an early lead on four minutes.
arsenal have won seven straight games since defeat against west ham.	the gunners have won seven victories in a row this season.	manchester city beat liverpool 2-1 at st james' park on saturday.	manchester city also managed seven wins on the bounce this season.	arsenal beat qpr 2-1 at st james' park in the premier league on february 7.	manchester city beat liverpool 3 - 0 in the premier league on february 7.
jonathan bamford scored a opening goal in the second half.	patrick bamford scored his 15th goal of the season in the fa cup final.	patrick bamford scored middlesbrough's third of the campaign against colombian hamilton ricard during the 1998-99 premier league season.	visitors wigan remain in the relegation zone with six games to play.	aitor karanka's team beat wigan at wembley.	no one has scored more in the last four games.
new york city host manchester city in the premier league on saturday.	manchester city host jason kreis in the premier league on sunday.	david villa was forced to stab in on 86 minutes.	mehdi ballouchy put the home side ahead but cj sapong levelled late on.	fc's mehdi ballouchy was forced off at halftime with a hamstring injury.	frank lampard will return to the premier league for the club.
tim sherwood has helped villa to the bottom of the relegation zone.	burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can survive what looks like the hardest run-in? sportsmail considers the possibilities and delivers a verdict.	sunderland's survival bid is a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone.	aston villa beat crystal palace 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day of the season.	paul lambert's side face qpr in the fa cup on the last day.	six teams are embroiled in a close battle to avoid the premier league drop.
jamie vardy scored an injury - time winner to improve his side's slim chance of the season.	vardy pounced late to earn leicester all three points at the hawthorns.	jamie nugent scored a late goal in the premier league with a half - time victory over leicester in the first half of the game.	jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion on saturday.	jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion on saturday.	vardy scored the only goal of the game with seven games to play, five at home.
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to beat west brom at the hawthorns.	robert huth struck with 10 minutes to go to make it 2-2 before vardy hit winning goal.	beyond 90 minutes, jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of barclays premier league survival.	nigel pearson's men are currently bottom of their premier league with seven games to go, five at home, they are still very much in this fight.	leicester beat leicester 3 - 1 in their premier league clash at the hawthorns.	the pearson's side are bottom of the premier league after two games.
barcelona are way out on top in the club scoring 400 champions league goals.	barcelona beat paris saint - germain 3 - 1 in the champions league semi - final.	lionel messi and lionel messi scored for barcelona in the second minute.	real madrid have scored 17 goals against ac milan, arsenal and bayer leverkusen.	barcelona have now scored 401 goals in the champions league.	the spanish giants have won the in the champions clubs' cup.
frenchman saw funny side and made his way off the pitch during 1-1 draw.	edouard duplan had no idea he had been on midway through the first - half.	edouard duplan was a 1-1 draw with ajax at the stadion galgenwaard.	edouard duplan had an extra man on the pitch against ajax at the stadion galgenwaard.	edouard duplan is said to have been substituted on 24 minutes.	edouard duplan has twelve players on the pitch during sunday's 1 - 1 draw with ajax.
the chelsea midfielder was substituted in the final minute for the emirates.	arsenal beat manchester united 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday.	arsenal are currently third in the premier league, level on points with manchester city.	arsene wenger's side have won at sunderland, newcastle, manchester city and now burnley.	arsenal earn 1-0 premier league victory against burnley at turf moor.	aaron ramsey and olivier giroud scored in the 12th minute.
jordan spieth and charley hoffman were beaten by a 14 - under 130 spieth.	the next tiger? that is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders.	the lowest two-round score at a major championship in florida last year.	jordan spieth and henrik stenson to lead in masters history.	jordan spieth scores twice in the history of the masters.	jordan spieth led charley hoffman to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130.
simeone looking to avenge last year's champions league final defeat.	the argentinian manager has been linked with a move to the club until 2019.	diego simeone's side have won their opening game of the season.	louis van gaal's side face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday night.	the 44 - year - old coach who took atletico madrid to the title last season and leads them into the champions league quarter - final against real madrid on tuesday night.	diego simeone's side have not won the title last season.
barcelona signed lionel messi and lionel messi in the champions league last season.	sportsmail's adam crafton takes a look at five things we learned whether luis suarez - with his penchant for a human-based snack during football matches - was worth all that money for barcelona.	psg missed zlatan ibrahimovic's world-class qualities in their defeat.	the former liverpool striker is now 17 goals for the season and barcelona's front three.	luis suarez has scored 10 goals in his first 12 games for barcelona.	zlatan ibrahimovic scored his first goal of the season for barcelona in the last four of the last 11 games.
the brazilian found the bottom corner of simon eastwood's goal in fa cup quarter-final replay.	gary bowyer was in'shock' after philippe coutinho's 70th-minute strike.	jordan henderson believes the ewood park will help get things back on track.	jordan henderson and kolo toure scored in the quarter-final replay.	simon mignolet scored the only goal for the first time in the first half of the season.	liverpool beat blackburn fa cup semi-finals at ewood park.
liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe in the past few days.	pictures emerged last week of liverpool star sterling smoking shisha.	he has been shown to have yet another talent talent and has been blessed with brendan rodgers' side in the premier league this season.	this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking or indulging in legal highs.	raheem sterling and jordon ibe spotted smoking a balloon in the past few days.	luis suarez's move to barcelona will be the world's richest clubs.
louis van gaal's side lost 1 - 0 to old trafford in the premier league.	louis van gaal's side have lost form at the start of the year.	ander herrera, juan mata and wayne rooney are in fine form.	manchester united and manchester city beat united 1-0 at old trafford.	louis van gaal's side face manchester city in the derby on sunday.	manchester united and manchester city have also been interested in signing marouane marouane's marouane fellaini, pablo zabaleta and pablo kompany.
manchester united defeated manchester city 2 - 0 in their premier league clash.	city have won the last four at manchester derby this sunday.	manuel pellegrini's side have lost five in a row to city before.	the manchester derby is crucial in the race for the premier league top two.	manchester united beat crystal palace 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday.	manchester derby have won the last four of the premier league title.
michael carrick, luke shaw and marcos rojo are also set to play.	robin van persie and daley blind are also out injured for united.	daley blind and phil jones have also been out injured in the manchester derby.	manchester united are missing four players in key positions ahead of the crucial premier league game with title rivals chelsea at stamford bridge.	chelsea host chelsea at stamford bridge in the premier league on sunday.	robin van persie and luke shaw are set to return to first - team action.
the treble - chasing reigning champions came from a goal down, inspired by kris commons and the second - half introduction of griffiths, to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the premiership.	midfielder kris commons levelled for the home side eight minutes later.	the treble-chasing champions came from a goal down in the second half.	leigh griffiths, gary mackay-steven, stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven completes his hat-trick.	leigh griffiths scored a 19-minute hat-trick for kilmarnock.	darryl westlake scored a hat-trick to give celtic eight points clear at the top of the premiership.
luis suarez scored his first goal of the game against psg on sunday.	david luiz was left with his head in his hands after psg's 3 - 1 defeat against psg.	david luiz was sent off the bench in wednesday night's champions league quarter-final first leg and was nutmegged twice by luis suarez in the build-up to the uruguayan's two goals.	luiz came off the bench early on despite a hamstring injury 10 days ago.	david luiz suffered a hamstring injury in psg's 3-1 defeat against barcelona.	the ex-chelsea defender has been linked with a hamstring injury.
bayern munich flew back to germany on thursday the day after their 3-1 loss at the estadio dragao on wednesday.	bayern lost 3-1 to porto in their first leg on wednesday.	thomas muller, manuel neuer and pep guardiola were pictured at the airport to board their flight back to bavaria after defeat by porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg.	pep guardiola and the squad returned to germany on thursday.	bayern munich squad flew back to bavaria after 3-1 loss at estadio dragao.	bayern munich squad flew back to germany after their 3-1 loss at the estadio dragao on wednesday.
england's premier league clubs set to leave liverpool after six years this summer.	burnley's danny ings and manchester united's james wilson up front.	james milner could prove a interesting acquisition for a newly-promoted side.	the 34 - year - old has produced some howlers at liverpool centre - back - ron vlaar.	thiago silva was selected ahead of him against bradford in the capital one cup final in june.	manchester city's first - choice right - back at the world cup is still a regular for liverpool.
cristiano ronaldo was sent off in a central position in the game with a 21st minute free-kick.	real madrid beat eibar 3-0 in the santiago bernabeu on sunday.	javier hernandez doubles home side's lead with 31st minute header.	cristiano ronaldo scored his first goal of the season in 57 attempts to send real madrid to a 3-0 lead against eibar.	real madrid had a 3 - 1 win over eibar in the last 16.	cristiano ronaldo scored his first goal of the season for the first time in his first half - - with his first free - kick in the first half.
barcelona coach jose mourinho has been in paris with pep guardiola.	the 14 titles that the club won in the champions league last season.	eden hazard, carlo ancelotti and andre villas-boas have been linked with a move to the club.	pep guardiola, the bayern munich coach, made it clear that he craved stability.	read: patrick vieira has all the tools to become next man city manager.	bayern munich coach joan laporta and sandro rossell were head coach.
david ferrer is also into the next round after his opponent retired.	the world number one will face andreas haider - maurer in the second round.	novak djokovic beat albert ramos-vinolas 6-1 6-4 in the third round of monte carlo masters.	novak djokovic will face roger federer in the third round of the monte carlo in the next round.	world number seven david ferrer will face stan wawrinka and rafael nadal.	novak djokovic and andreas wilfried tsonga will face stan haider - lennard.
tony parker had 23 points and 11 assists, eric gordon scored 37 points in the thunder's 138-113 victory over minnesota.	oklahoma city also beat the san antonio spurs 108 - 88 in the thunder's 138 - 83.	the pelicans beat orlando magic 101-88 in the western conference playoffs.	tyreke evans had 19 points and 11 assists, but the pelicans held the tiebreaker on head-to-head results.	results meant that brooklyn took the no 8 seed via the better tiebreaker.	the brooklyn nets win their first play-off berth since 2011 with a 108-103 win over san antonio.
leigh griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a hat - trick performance in celtics comeback premiership win over kilmarnock.	ronny deila's side face inverness at hampden.	ronny deila's manager said the striker’s desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi.	leigh griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a treble in celtic's premiership win over kilmarnock.	leigh griffiths came off the bench to score a hat-trick at parkhead.	griffiths took just 19 minutes and scored a hat-trick in the second half to put celtic in the lead.
jonny howson scored his first goal in his first - half penalty in the premier league on the day of the 57th minute in the second half.	jonny howson made a return to elland road for # 2million in january 2012.	jonny howson scored against his old club but refused to celebrate.	jonny howson scored his first game back at his old club by making the breakthrough in the 57th minute to keep alex neil's side in the second half.	jonny howson made a return to elland road for # 2million in january 2012.	alex neil and liam cooper both scored in the second half.
argentine striker aguero tweeted:' yeeeees city @ aguerosergiokun!!!! 1-0 old trafford... stand up and shut up.	manchester city beat manchester city 4-2 in the premier league on monday.	argentine striker sergio aguero scored early on twitter.	manchester city's 2 - 1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night.	his former team-mate mario balotelli tweeted his delight after the goal.	manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league.
wolves are seven points behind boro but are fourth in the premier league.	lee tomlin and callum wilson scored in the second half.	norwich are fourth in the premier league table with four games remaining.	lee tomlin scored his side's second goal against rotherham united.	aitor karanka's side are seven points behind boro's top - ranked wolves.	every side involved will be targeting wins from their remaining games.
brazilian defender luis suarez scored a double in barcelona's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday night.	lionel messi and neymar scored 3-1 lead in the first half.	the catalans lost 3-1 to barcelona in the nou camp on wednesday night.	luis suarez nutmegged luiz in lead up to both of his goals.	paris saint-germain beat psg 3-1 at the nou camp on wednesday night.	paris saint - germain beat psg 3 - 1 at parc des princes in the premier league on wednesday.
ashley young, marouane fellaini and juan mata scored in the win over manchester city in third place.	david moyes said smalling and jones had to go to van gaal for his first season at old trafford.	manchester city beat manchester city 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 at old trafford.	louis van gaal's side lost 1 - 0 to old trafford in the premier league.	louis van gaal's side have been to the most expensive player in english football and the player ranks the highest wages in the premier league.	manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford.
england take on the west indies in the first of three tests from monday.	kevin pietersen is the new director of cricket.	kevin pietersen, samuels, chanderpaul, darren bravo, blackwood, holder, benn, taylor, roach, ramdin, ramdin (captain), trott, ballance, bell, root, stokes, buttler, wkt), cook, 18 months.	alastair cook's side have been in a three-test battle against the england captain.	cook knows that he has been working on his links to the job.	england captain alastair cook in the nets for his career on monday.
clint dempsey scored his side's lead in the minute of the game.	the australian goalkeeper shot into his own net in extra - time.	steve clarke's side have lost their opening game of their games against arsenal.	the australian blew his side’s chances of beating arsenal in saturday’s fa cup semi-final by spilling alexis sanchez’s shot into his own net in extra time.	federici tries to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game.	reading lost 2-1 to arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday.
the liverpool manager was frustrated by the lack of big-game mentality.	aston villa beat manchester city 2-1 in the fa cup last year.	brendan rodgers admitted his side have to do more in the games.	liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in their fa cup semi-final on april 13.	brendan rodgers' side have no complaints about their 2-1 defeat by aston villa.	liverpool crashed to defeat at wembley despite taking a first-half lead.
scott shearer scored two goals from lucas akins.	the dutchman turned his attention to winning a championship medal against morecambe on saturday.	lucas akins scored twice as burton albion were promoted to league one.	lucas akins scored both goals in 2 - 1 win at morecambe.	jimmy floyd hasselbaink beat morecambe 2-1 on saturday thanks to two goals from lucas akins and tom naylor.	hasselbaink's team beat morecambe confirmed promotion after their win against morecambe.
angel di maria, pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo were on sunday night.	di maria and pablo zabaleta were also in the game at the etihad stadium.	manchester city beat west ham 1 - 0 in the premier league on sunday.	manchester united beat west ham 1-0 at the etihad stadium.	manchester city stars martin demichelis and pablo zabaleta also attend.	angel di maria, eden hazard and eden hazard among stars in the city centre.
mohammad shatnawi scored an own goal for james collins.	james collins scored his first goal in west ham's 2-0 defeat at manchester city.	west ham defeated al whidat 2-0 in the amman derby on sunday.	he kept his eyes on the ball, leaned back, and the ball drifted into his own net.	his al faisaly side were a goal down against rivals al whidat.	mohammad shatnawi's amazing own goal mohammed shatnawi bizarrely scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head at the weekend.
the 96 - year - old scored against sevilla on saturday.	the 27 year old has had each of his hat-trick balls signed by team-mates.	lionel messi has scored two goals in 90 minutes for barcelona this season.	lionel messi scored a hat-trick for barcelona in the first leg of the champions league tie against sevilla on saturday.	messi has scored a hat - trick for barcelona in the first leg of the season.	lionel messi has taken home after scoring a hat-trick in barcelona's 2-2 draw.
the former sunderland striker made the day out at adventure park go ape at delamere forest park on tuesday.	fabio borini made the most of the' warm weather' at delamere forest park on tuesday night.	italian striker fabio borini was in the liverpool's 2-0 win against newcastle.	he was pictured taking part in a climbing exercise at the cheshire forest.	fabio borini has scored once in 17 appearances for liverpool this season.	the liverpool striker shared instagram pictures from his day out.
manchester city have slipped to fourth in the premier league table.	manchester city beat manchester united 4 - 2 in the premier league on sunday.	manuel pellegrini has signed a new five - year deal with manchester city.	manuel pellegrini has signed a new five-year deal with david de gea.	aguero scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for manchester city this season.	aguero has been in manchester city's 4-2 defeat at old trafford.
the bird has an impressive landing in the snow from its prey.	great grey owls stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario, canada.	photographer marc latremouille stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario, canada, before launching its attack.	it stalked its prey from snowy treetops before swooping down on it, unheard until the very last minute.	the bird captured the bird pouncing on a tiny rodent.	the bird, which has a five - foot wingspan, swooped on the mouse with its prey.
chelsea beat roma 4 - 1 in the semi - final on friday.	izzy brown scored his first english team to win the uefa youth league.	dominic solanke scored chelsea's other and hailed'amazing achievement'	izzy brown scored the only goal of the game in the final on sunday.	izzy brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire chelsea's youth team to glory in the uefa youth league clash at queens park rangers on sunday.	izzy brown was on the bench for chelsea's 4-0 win against roma.
federer started smoothly and broke back with a double fault.	gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4, 7-6 in the monte carlo masters.	monfils will face grigor dimitrov in the world no 18.	gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4, 7-6 at the monte carlo masters.	the 33-year-old has been in a double fault in the last round of the clay court.	frenchman monfils beat the former world no 1 6-4, 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter.
spurs boss mauricio pochettino does n't know how this will affect players.	spurs boss mauricio pochettino will come up against newcastle united.	pochettino is expected to lead to newcastle in the north east.	newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against owner mike ashley, which is likely to lead to a peculiar atmosphere in the north east.	spurs boss mauricio pochettino is confident of a planned boycott.	christian benteke scored the winner for aston villa at st james' park.
bristol city boss steve cotterill will get his hands on the play - off places with victory against huddersfield.	stevenage will be up if wycombe win at afc wimbledon or dagenham.	steve burton will be promoted with a win at morecambe if they fail to win at home to brighton.	wigan will be relegated to league one if they fail to beat brighton at home.	derby county can make sure of a play-off place with victory against huddersfield if they fail to win at home to brighton.	bristol city boss steve cotterill will be docked with a win at morecambe.
southampton boss ronald koeman wants to stay at the club this summer.	nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move to manchester united.	nathaniel clyne looks set to be the next to move on from st mary's.	ronald koeman's side have won six matches so far this season.	ronald koeman's side are in the premier league with six matches to go.	ronald koeman wants nathaniel clyne to stay at st mary's.
gascoigne struck a fierce 35-yard free-kick that beat david seaman.	arsenal won the league last 16 in 1991 and was fa cup final.	spurs beat tottenham hotspur 2 - 1 in the final.	paul gascoigne was a footballer at wembley on april 14.	tottenham beat nottingham forest in the fa cup semi - final.	paul gascoigne was just one of the all - time great goals for england.
tomas francis could also pledge his international allegiance.	francis defeated alex corbisiero and tomas francis and stephen myler and alex waller all in 15 minutes of each other.	stuart lancaster's side have been to to a welsh training camp in the rbs 6 nations.	james wilson and jamie elliot scored for the saints but to no avail.	tomas corbisiero is a young man in the aviva premiership on his way to the world cup.	chiefs prop tomas francis, who qualifies for england and wales — is yet to pledge his international allegiance, despite having been called up to gatland’s training camp.
jose mourinho and pep guardiola will manage real madrid at the parc des princes stadium on wednesday in the champions league.	luis enrique's side face barcelona at the parc des princes in the champions league.	psg boss laurent blanc faces barcelona manager luis enrique.	laurent blanc was one of the coaches of the last eight in this season's champions league.	jose mourinho and pep guardiola have been in the 1996-97 season by winning the spanish super cup in bobby robson in 1996.	jose mourinho, pep guardiola and emmanuel adebayor all went on to the barcelona side.
manchester city beat manchester united 4-2 at old trafford on sunday.	manchester city were knocked out in the second half.	manuel pellegrini's side beat sunderland 2 - 1 in the derby on sunday.	pablo zabaleta admits confidence is low in the top four.	manchester city beat manchester united 4 - 2 at old trafford in the premier league.	derby defeat to manchester united leaves them 12 points adrift of chelsea.
england's david beckham played 106 times for beckham's boot in 1998.	diego simeone's side have won on penalties after a 2-2 draw at st etienne.	he led atletico to the la liga title and champions league final last year.	simeone is set to play for the first world cup match against the champions.	diego simeone is hoping to win atletico madrid in the world cup final.	the beckham and paul ince scored for england in the 1998 world cup final.
diego simeone's side have been in the bust-up after bust-up with sergio ramos and dani carvajal.	diego simeone has bought the closest thing to diego costa he could find.	the croatia international has been linked with a move to real madrid.	atletico madrid forward diego costa was costa was in 2010 to 2014.	atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 in la liga on tuesday night.	diego simeone's side face real madrid in their first leg on tuesday.
cristiano ronaldo and miguel moya could make the difference.	real madrid beat real madrid in the quarter - finals of the champions league.	the atletico goalkeeper denied gareth bale and james rodriguez.	cristiano ronaldo is set to start all three goals for real madrid this season.	david de gea scored the only goal of the game in the champions league.	thibaut courtois, david de gea and gareth bale are all in the champions league.
caroline wozniacki beat caroline wozniacki in the first round of the grand slam.	wozniacki made her french open debut as a 17-year-old in 2007.	the former world no 1 shared a picture of her looking through a collection of tennis garments.	the former world no 1 made her roland garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007.	former 17 - year - old caroline wozniacki shared a video of one of her first on court appearance.	former world no 1 also revealed a sneak preview of her adidas outfit.
mark selby is the 31-year-old from leicester.	no first-time champion in sheffield has returned to the german masters and china open titles this year.	mark selby beat ronnie o'sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden crucible title.	mark selby beat ronnie o'sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden crucible title.	no first-time champion in sheffield has won kurt maflin on day one of the world championship.	mark selby leads kurt maflin 6-3 and needs only four more frames to win.
alan pardew's five - year winning run was crucial to the premier league season.	the 35 points off fourth place in the five - game season at home to newcastle.	the 53 - year - old appeared to have hit five straight wins from a newcastle side.	john carver has won just two games in 14 since taking over the side.	alan pardew was sacked as manager of crystal palace at the end of december.	newcastle lost 1-0 at home to newcastle bottom of the premier league.
fc united of manchester's broadhurst park cost # 6.5 m.	new 5, 000 - capacity stadium broadhurst park is nearing completion general manager andy walsh outside the new ground, which cost the democratic club a whopping 6.	the club's stadium will also serve the local community broadhurst park in manchester's new stadium.	new stadium will serve community on non-match days.	fc united's new 5,000-capacity stadium broadhurst park is nearing completion general manager andy walsh.	andy walsh, dismissed by many as an impossible dream, cost around # 6.5 m.
kit symons scored the only goal of the season for kit symons.	share of the points in london leaves charlton in 11th and fulham in 20th.	the fulham fans are eight points clear of millwall and one of the bottom three in the premier league next season.	scott parker was sent off for the visitors after eight minutes.	icelandic winger johann gudmundsson scored in last seven games against brentford at the valley.	charlton beat charlton 4 - 0 in their premier league clash in the last 16.
sergio aguero will be in the two sides' 18-man squads for the second time in a row. manchester united	sir alex ferguson is likely to be a manc - free derby for the first time.	david de gea, victor valdes, juan mata, ander herrera, marcos rojo, angel di maria, antonio valencia, willy caballero, pablo zabaleta, martin demichelis, sergio aguero, jesus navas and david silva also included in the three-man squad.	they are david de gea, victor valdes, juan mata, joe hart, james milner as well as frank lampard.	manchester united face rivals manchester city in the league on sunday.	manchester city beat manchester city 2 - 1 in the premier league on sunday.
the filipe luis-shaped's side have won the champions league final on tuesday night.	atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 0-0 on tuesday night at the vicente calderon.	gareth bale scored his first half of the game against diego godin.	real madrid drew 0-0 at atletico in champions league quarter-final first leg.	bale had scored five in his last four games for real madrid.	cristiano ronaldo scored his second goal in his last three matches for atletico madrid.
real and atletico madrid face paris saint - germain in the first half in the last - half.	barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on friday.	real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday.	atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 1 in the champions league on tuesday.	atletico keeper jan oblak was the main focus in the spanish papers.	jan oblak scored a late goal in the 0 - 0 win over real madrid in the summer.
aston villa beat west brom 1-0 in the premier league on saturday.	arsenal beat tottenham 2 - 0 at sunderland on saturday.	leicester city beat west brom 2-0 in the premier league on saturday.	arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in the premier league on saturday.	villa recorded a crucial 1-0 win at tottenham to stay above drop zone.	yannick bolasie scored three as crystal palace secure 1-0 win at southampton.
david silva's cross into the top of the premier league with a thumping header to give the visitors hope the united defence looked at sixes and sevens as david de gea and david silva scored for united.	arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup last month.	ashley young's superb cross with a thumping header to send old trafford into a state of euphoria city's defence was caught flatfooted and joe hart could only watch as fellaini's header flew into the net on a great day for the hosts juan mata was released by wayne rooney and the spaniard ran through to shoot between hart's legs to extend the host's advantage.	juan mata and marouane fellaini scored for the hosts.	mata punished weak city defending to add a breakaway third in the 66th.	marouane fellaini scored the only goal of the game with a header to send old trafford into the net.
vincent kompany and manuel pellegrini's side are fourth in the premier league table.	city's head of youth development patrick vieira also attends the academy stadium on monday night.	chelsea beat chelsea 3 - 1 in the fa youth cup final on monday night.	the charly musonda through ball and through ball into net with improvised and acrobatic finish at close-range from a corner.	manuel pellegrini and manuel pellegrini were in attendance to watch the club's first - team team in the premier league on monday.	city's youngsters fell to a 3-1 defeat at the club's academy stadium.
danny welbeck is a credit for his family and his new team - mates.	danny welbeck has scored against manchester united and his fa cup.	welbeck thanks fans and staff for making him so welcome at arsenal.	danny welbeck has been linked with a move to manchester united.	the fa cup semi-final against arsenal on bbc one on sunday.	danny welbeck talks to arsenal's semi-final with arsenal live on bbc one.
christian eriksen won spurs the lead back with the swede's curling free-kick missing everyone.	swedish midfielder's curling free - kick misses his team - mates and tim krul in the newcastle goal nacer chadli, christian eriksen and harry kanes 30th of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in 14.	christian eriksen and harry kane scored in the premier league clash against newcastle on sunday.	nacer chadli, harry kane and jack colback scored for tottenham.	tottenham beat newcastle 3-1 in the premier league on saturday.	christian eriksen and harry kane’s 30th of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in the premier league.
west ham have lost silva to serious injury in nine games.	click here for the player ratings from the etihad stadium after jesus navas steals the show.	david silva and jesus navas both scored the joint leading scorer.	sergio aguero scored his second goal in manchester city's 3 - 0 win over west ham in the premier league on saturday night.	silva was taken to hospital after eight minutes of treatment.	sergio aguero and jesus navas have been in the premier league.
javier hernandez left the santiago bernabeu in the champions league semi-final against atletico madrid on sunday night.	cristiano ronaldo scored a penalty for the first time on loan at the nou camp.	the mexican striker has scored just seven of the fifty games real madrid have played this season.	real madrid beat atletico madrid 2 - 1 in la liga, la liga and la liga in the premier league on sunday.	gareth bale and james rodriguez were substituted at the top of la liga last season.	cristiano ronaldo then hit the post with a penalty before james rodriguez nets.
greek government has sent a new set of regulations in an attempt to solve the problem of violence in greece.	fifa and uefa have strict rules to protect federations' independence.	fifa and uefa have strict rules to crack down on violence at sports events.	fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations.	greek government wants to stamp out incidents in a bid to crack down on violence at sports events.	fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence.
the unbeaten us fighter has been linked with a fight with floyd mayweather.	nichols mimics pacquiao's visayan accent singing and claims his mother uses voodoo.	mayweather has been accused of using voodoo chants from ringside during a mock interview.	manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather meed at mgm grand on may 2.	floyd mayweather jnr's sparring partner jeremy flash' impersonation has been branded'the biggest bout in boxing history' on may 2.	manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010, claims his trainer freddie roach.
foursome identified as harry childs and jack hutchins also sentenced to eight months imprisonment.	the unsavoury scenes occurred on february 1, 2014 following a 3-3 draw between qpr and burnley at loftus road.	they were sentenced to 30 weeks imprisonment after being charged in july last year.	queens park rangers drew 3-3 with burnley in the championship last term.	the scenes were held at the plough and harrow pub, 2014.	they were arrested in july last year after a 3-3 draw at loftus road.
crystal palace host manchester united in premier league and fa cup semi-final.	premier league and fa cup semi-finals are all the key statistics surrounding your club's fixture.	leicester city host swansea city in the fa cup semi-final on saturday.	manchester city host west ham united in the premier league.	chelsea and manchester united clash in premier league on saturday night.	crystal palace host west bromwich albion in the premier league on sunday.
world no 1 van gerwen beat manchester united stars daley blind and robin van persie's shirt at old trafford on wednesday.	michael van gerwen and raymond van gerwen beat van barneveld 7 - 2 last week to remain undefeated and left the tournament.	van persie, 25, beat countryman gary anderson to stay in the world championship.	the dutch duo visited manchester united's old trafford on wednesday.	van barneveld and michael van barneveld were will go on to sheffield, aberdeen, aberdeen, birmingham, the play - offs at a o2 arena on may 21.	the dutch dutch beat van gerwen to stay undefeated in the premier league.
england's new top three saw 10 balls in 1976.	colin graves' new chairman tony greig has been criticised for two hours at a test.	england fell to 34 for three having lost the toss and been put into bat.	england lost 1 - 0 in the first test against west indies on saturday.	cook was sacked as one-day captain after 10 balls	ian bell, jason holder and joe root put on 177 for the fourth wicket.
manchester city beat west ham 4 - 2 at the etihad stadium in the first half.	jesus navas impressed on the right-hand side of city's midfield.	manchester city lost 4-2 to west ham in the premier league on sunday.	manchester city beat west ham 4-2 at the etihad stadium.	the england goalkeeper james collins scored a late consolation for the visitors.	james collins and sergio aguero scored in the second half.
suarez scores his second of the night in equally stunning fashion - again nutmegging luiz.	luis suarez scored twice in the first half of his game at the top of the game.	david luiz scored his first goal of the game for barcelona in the first half.	read: luis suarez, david luiz, luis suarez and luis suarez have been in the.	the result was barcelona's third in the premier league.	suarez has scored more goals than any other players.
chelsea boss jose mourinho also heads the list of managers with the lowest average of goals conceded per game, with a third likely at the end of the season.	rafa benitez's side are unbeaten in the top 10 in the premier league.	the chelsea boss is the best premier league matches at the end of the season.	roberto mancini's side face chelsea in the league cup on sunday.	his record surpasses those of rafa benitez and sir alex ferguson.	jose mourinho has the best clean sheets, nullifying his rivals in 53.4 per cent of games.
the refereeing committee dismissed the charge of deliberate handball during sunday's semi-final against celtic on may 30.	meekings is now fighting a ban from the scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the sfa compliance officer.	the caley thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender - before he was dramatically cleared.	john hughes has revealed how he came within a heartbeat of stepping down from his job at inverness as the josh meekings controversy went into overdrive this week.	inverness reached the scottish cup final with 3-2 win over celtic.	former celtic striker has branded additional official alan muir' idiotic' for failing to see a handball by inverness caley thistle defender josh meekings in sunday's scottish cup semi - final.
the argentina defender has been linked with a move to st mary's.	koeman says he is the coach of southampton.	ronald koeman's side have been linked to a move for tottenham's nathaniel clyne.	the dutchman has actually managed to improve things southampton and the club find themselves just one point and one league place behind spurs now.	the southampton boss says pochettino's departure was a'remarkable talent drain'.	nathaniel clyne sold to southampton between 2013 and 2014.
they came to the fore in fp1, finishing first and second respectively.	in fp2 pace was not their concern as the duo will face in qualifying and the race.	ferrari's sebastian vettel was fastest and 1.705 secs behind hamilton.	rosberg and kimi raikkonen were second in the practice.	mercedes team-mate nico rosberg and sebastian vettel will face in qualifying.	lewis hamilton won bahrain grand prix in bahrain second practice.
the finn was followed by ferrari's kimi raikkonen.	kimi raikkonen finished ahead of ferrari team-mate sebastian vettel.	ferrari's fernando alonso and toro rosso's carlos sainz jr and max verstappen in fourth and sixth.	hamilton was the fastest time in the practice session with qualifying and race due to start late evening at 6pm local time.	mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg will face in qualifying and the race.	it meant mercedes focused on laps rather than outright pace, with rosberg chalking up 23 and hamilton 22 - but there was no alarm as mercedes focused on a particular plan, with the 90-minute session at the bahrain international circuit.
west brom midfielder craig gardner won the premier league manager of the year award.	the west bromwich albion defender craig gardner scored his first goal of the season.	west brom's west brom on saturday night in the premier league on saturday.	alan pardew's side lost the lead in the west brom 2 - 1 in the fa cup last season on the day of the season at the etihad stadium on saturday.	west brom beat crystal palace 2 - 0 in the premier league last season.	james morrison headed tony pulis' west bromich albion side in front within the first two minutes from a corner.
iniesta scored his first goal of the season with a win against psg.	andres iniesta has been unhappy with his fourth assist in europe this season.	barcelona beat psg 2-0 in the uefa champions league on tuesday night.	andres iniesta was in the's first goal against psg on tuesday.	he has scored two goals in europe this season and won the copa del rey final.	iniesta admits room for improvement after his fourth assist in europe.
sportsmail's jamie carragher feels simeone's style of play would not appeal to premier league giants arsenal, manchester united or city.	jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone's type of football which would not impress the three premier league giants.	simeone insists the style of football would attract arsenal, manchester united and city.	atletico madrid beat real madrid 2 - 0 against real madrid in the champions league quarter - final second leg.	diego simeone played atletico madrid in the premier league last season.	sportsmail columnist jamie carragher believes diego simeone's side can win the title.
thiago alcantara pulls bundesliga champions back into the tie with 28th minute strike.	jose mourinho's side have won the europa league four years ago.	xabi alonso scored his first goal for the club in a 5-0 lead at half-time.	thiago alcantara scored his second goal of the german cup with a 4-0 win.	bayern munich defender jerome boateng scores the second goal in the second half.	jurgen klopp's champions league first leg win against bayern munich on wednesday night.
rafa benitez's napoli will play dnipro in the europa league final.	napoli will take place in the warsaw europa league final.	rafa benitez's napoli will play dnipro in the europa league final.	rafa benitez' napoli face fiorentina in the champions league and europa league.	rafa benitez's napoli will play dnipro in the semi - finals of europa league semi - final.	rafa benitez's napoli, who play dnipro, could set up an all-italian final.
joe root scored 200 runs for the west indies in the second innings.	joe root threw bat down in his anger when he was denied double century.	the yorkshire county player was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by james anderson.	yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after anderson's careless run out during the first innings in grenada.	anderson scored 182 runs in the first innings in grenada by scoring 182 runs.	the yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after being denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the west indies.
bath flanker matt garvey scored a late consolation for the exiles.	chris joseph and matt banahan, semesa rokoduguni and leroy houston all scored for bath.	ford fired the home side into an early lead after 30 minutes of play.	bath scored tries through leroy houston, jonathan joseph, matt banahan, sam burgess and semesi rokoduguni.	sam burgess scored two penalties to give bath a lead in the second half.	bath no 8 leroy houston, jonathan joseph, matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni were ahead at half-time.
chris wheeler, franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger have not been in the last four.	real madrid will feel they can win the champions league title.	the final four of european's premier competition will be a champions league.	real madrid may struggle without luka modric, despite easier draw.	pep guardiola's side have been a 12-point lead at the top of the premier competition.	bayern munich and real madrid have won their champions league.
juventus's andrea pirlo and carlos tevez scored in the first leg against monaco since 2003.	juventus beat monaco 3 - 0 in the first leg of the game's first leg in serie a to the champions league final in 5 - 0.	real madrid will face juventus in the semi-final of european competition.	juventus's andrea pirlo and carlos tevez scored in the first leg.	massimiliano allegri raced into the semi - final with the martial for the first time in the second leg.	real madrid defeated 10-man atletico madrid 1-0 in their second leg clash after a 0-0 deadlock in their first leg.
aston villa host aston villa in the premier league on saturday.	chris ramsey scored his side's first goal of the season against qpr.	queens park rangers boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league.	qpr boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep club in the relegation zone with four games left.	newcastle are 14th in the table on 35 points with five games remaining.	queens park rangers host west ham in the premier league on saturday.
tim sherwood's side won the pre - match coin against liverpool in 1971.	arsene wenger's side at all won the 1979 fa cup at wembley.	tim sherwood's villa side won the coin toss ahead of their fa cup final against liverpool on may 8, 1971.	alexis sanchez scored the winner to pick club in the event of a clash of strip.	villa chose their claret and blue home strip for the fa cup showdown.	the gunners have won the 1979 fa cup in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow, on both occasions seeing off liverpool.
wildlife expert named simon cowell, who runs the aid foundation in leatherhead, surrey, travelling to the cub's location in his car.	mr cowell distracts it with a stick and then lifts cub out of the fence.	the young fox cub had been stuck in a garden of a garden fence.	mr cowell distracts the cub from his hand and spits out of the fence.	the fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free despite the cub continuing to back away from the help	adorable fox cub trapped in a garden fence was captured on camera.
ezequiel lavezzi was part of a duo to play a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara.	david luiz and ezequiel lavezzi were also involved in the prank on sunday.	david luiz posted an'after' shot in the dressing room at chelsea.	he posed for a photo with a cake after training ahead of facing marseille.	psg host marseille on sunday in a first match of the season.	psg face marseille in a first vs marseille on sunday.
inverness went on to beat celtic 3 - 2 in scottish cup semi - final.	ronny deila's side are currently in scottish cup final after their ban was dismissed.	celtic face inverness in scottish cup final on friday night.	josh meekings handball in the last weekend's scottish cup final.	celtic went on to lose their scottish cup semi-final clash 3-2 to inverness.	celtic boss ronny deila has called for similar report of refereeing decisions.
rafael nadal was beaten nicolas almagro 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to move into the quarter-finals of the barcelona open.	the world no 4 has won the barcelona title in a row with pablo andujar.	rafael nadal's bid for a ninth barcelona open title ended in third - round defeat as italian fabio fognini edged a hard - fought encounter 6 - 4, 7 - 6 (8 - 6) to move into the quarter - finals.	but the world no 4 lost to italian fabio fognini 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) in third round.	the world no 4 has been given a ninth career title by pablo andujar.	fabio fognini beat fabio fognini to reach the last 16.
japan's nishikori defeated barcelona's mikhail kukushkin in the first match of the match.	kei nishikori beat teymuraz gabashvili 6 - 3 6 - 4.	kei nishikori beat teymuraz gabashvili 6-3 6-4 to reach the third round.	he beat his russian challenger in straight sets of 6-3 6-4 in barcelona.	top seed kei nishikori is the second - round third - round win over teymuraz gabashvili.	kei nishikori triumphs in the second round of the third round on tuesday.
northampton's scrummaging pride will be staged at the home of mk dons.	tom wood is hanging up at the end of the champions cup quarter - finals.	northampton face saracens at franklin's gardens on saturday.	tom wood is set to be at stadiummk, rather than franklin's gardens.	east midlands side will be staged at stadiummk.	northampton's tom wood believes saints' opponents have been'licking blood'.
boris diaw had 15 points and 10 rebounds and deandre jordan added 10 points.	washington wizards beat toronto raptors 106-99 in game 3.	san antonio spurs took a 1-0 lead in the first-round series.	kawhi leonard scored 32 points as the san antonio spurs beat the los angeles clippers in game 3 on friday.	loenard led the spurs to a 100-73 victory in any quarter this season.	the newly crowned defensive player of the year award by his team-mate tim duncan boris diaw had 15 points and 10 rebounds and deandre jordan added 10 points for the clippers.
world no 1 michael van gerwen beat james wade 7 - 0 in the second round of the betway premier league on the day of the world's first world in the world of the premier league.	the dutchman beat james wade 7-0 in betway premier league in cardiff.	raymond anderson and raymond van barneveld were both won in the premier league.	michael van gerwen and gary anderson lost a 7-5 win over james wade.	raymond van barneveld came from behind to beat rival van gerwen.	the scotsman beat james wade gary anderson (right) to beat van gerwen.
everton striker romelu lukaku encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response.	the belgium international has been the work rate of strike partner arouna kone.	lukaku reveals'heavenly' feeling of playing alongside arouna kone.	romelu lukaku scored a goal in a 1 - 0 win over burnley at goodison park.	lukaku has scored 18 goals in the premier league season.	the 21 - year - old scored four goals in everton's 1 - 1 win over anderlecht.
eden hazard scored a string of saves against manchester united.	everton beat burnley 1-0 in the premier league on saturday.	eden hazard scored a goal of saves against everton and ross barkley's penalty.	leonardo ulloa struck as leicester city claimed vital win over swansea.	everton beat burnley 2 - 0 at goodison park.	tom heaton and seamus coleman scored for kevin mirallas in everton's win over burnley.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 5-1 in the champions cup on june 6.	cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi have met twice this season.	real madrid host real madrid in the champions league on june 6.	javier hernandez's late winner against atletico madrid sent real madrid into the olympiastadion trophy on june 6.	barcelona, bayern munich, juventus and real madrid make up last four.	cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi both scored in the second leg.
barcelona have won their last season's champions league with bayern munich.	real madrid host real madrid in the champions league on june 6.	luis enrique's side face bayern munich in the semi - final.	sami mokbel, sami mokbel and arjen robben have also been linked with real madrid and juventus.	barcelona's formidable front three of luis suarez is hitting top gear just at the right time.	barcelona have won three champions leagues since 2006.
the left - back claims that ligue 1's elite clubs could return to the medical.	juventus beat monaco 0-0 at the stade louis ii on wednesday night.	arturo vidal's first-half penalty was ruled out of action in the champions league semi-final.	french full back says juve played'the italian way' on his return to monaco.	monaco beat monaco 2 - 1 in the champions league on wednesday night.	patrice evra's side have won 1-0 on aggregate in the champions league.
pep guardiola's side lost 3-1 to storm in portugal last week.	guardiola's team resigned from the last four on thursday.	pep guardiola was the best manager in the second half.	bayern munich beat porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night.	the coach of bayern munich's first - half performance against porto on tuesday night.	pep pep pep pep guardiola was the the top scorer in the first half.
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 2 - 0 to reach the semi - finals in the champions league.	barcelona and barcelona are the in the copa del rey final with athletic bilbao.	paris saint-germain lost 5-1 on aggregate and must make smart transfers.	the spanish side have won four of their last four games in the champions league.	cristiano ronaldo, lionel messi and gerard pique all scored for barcelona.	luis enrique has been to the ballon d'or for barcelona this season.
bayern munich beat manchester city 2 - 0 in the first leg of the champions league quarter - final.	bayern munich have been linked with a 3-1 defeat to porto in the champions league last season.	the manchester city director has been on the run for the first time since his last season.	the manchester city director will be on the move at the end of the season.	pep guardiola's contract as bayern manager expires in the summer of 2016.	guardiola is the man begiristain and his favourite coach.
carl jenkinson scored just one win in 11 premier league games.	west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city in the premier league on sunday.	west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday.	west ham were beaten 2-0 by manchester city at the etihad on sunday.	west ham are currently in the top of their premier league games.	manchester city lost 2 - 0 to west ham in the premier league on sunday.
chelsea edged manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday.	chelsea are ten points ahead of arsenal's 2015-16 season.	manchester united and manchester united have lost 2 - 0 in the premier league.	manchester united beat chelsea 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday.	louis van gaal's side are ten points ahead of arsenal with six to play.	van gaal and eden hazard are sent for chelsea.
brendan rodgers has agreed a new 100, 000 - a - week deal until 2020.	liverpool face a summer overhaul with up to 10 players possibly leaving.	brendan rodgers' side have been a trophyless season after a mass exit.	brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave on a free transfer.	manager brendan rodgers is yet to agree a new contract with wolfsburg planning a move for him.	liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on monday night.
floyd mayweather, amir khan could be set to face manny pacquiao a fight with pacquiao, preparing to face floyd mayweather on may 2, is on the cards for abu dhabi.	now he glimpses manny pacquiao is on the cards for abu dhabi.	khan's hopes of taking on floyd mayweather jr in las vegas have faded.	amir khan could be set to face floyd mayweather on may 2.	the initial lure has been mayweather in abu dhabi, united arab emirates.	amir khan could be set to face manny pacquiao a fight with pacquiao, preparing to face floyd mayweather on may 2, is on the cards for abu dhabi.
frank lampard scored 22 goals for manchester city in the first half.	manuel pellegrini's side have won seven of their last ten years.	manchester city beat west ham 2-0 in the premier league on saturday.	manchester city beat west ham 3 - 0 in 2 - 0 win over west ham.	the 32-year-old has scored 22 goals in all competitions this season without getting a single booking on club duty.	man city have won seven of the eight games frank lampard has started.
injury-depleted united's premier league leaders face everton on sunday.	louis van gaal's side are 11 points clear of third-placed red devils.	wayne rooney and louis van gaal scored the only goal of the game.	wayne rooney and louis van gaal are 11 points clear of the third-placed red devils.	eden hazard and eden hazard scored the second - placed red devils in the second.	wayne rooney insists his side can take'great confidence' from defeat.
the duke of york was unbeaten in 10 before saturday's kick-off.	bournemouth held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf at dean court.	eddie howe was sent off for the first time in the last - half - time.	kieran lee fired wednesday into the lead with a 36th minute header.	chris maguire was sent off in the second half to second to top to second in the space of one 2-2 draw with dean court maguire's late strike.	bournemouth lost 2 - 2 to bournemouth in the premier league on saturday.
steve clarke has been in the form for arsenal since 1994.	reading lost 2-1 against arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley.	steve clarke was sacked by west brom in the premier league on sunday.	mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored for arsenal in the fa cup.	steve clarke's side lost 1 - 0 to aston villa in the premier league on the day of the first - half a - - half - month - old.	steve clarke has been away from his cut - and - thrust of footballs elite after he was sacked by aston villa.
paul scholes, phil neville and gary neville co-own alongside former manchester united team-mates nicky butt and ryan giggs.	salford city are the top of the evo - stik league first.	salford city host salford city in the premier league on saturday.	most of the rest of his party have gone but he is reluctant to leave.	the salford city midfielder has been in the heart of liverpool at the age of 10.	steven gerrard, gary neville, phil neville and phil neville are among the players.
manchester city and southampton have been in the europa league this season.	yaya toure and samir nasri have been a shadow of the player.	yaya toure and nigel de gea among the high - profile goals in the last - half of the season.	liverpool are four points behind city with six matches to go this season.	manchester city are four points clear of the premier league.	city are four points clear at the top of the premier league table.
the man decided to have a snooze on the conveyor make it a less - than comfortable.	the man was in the x-ray scanner when he fell asleep on luggage belt.	man curls into foetal positions as he whizzes round on conveyor.	the man had climbed over a security desk to grab some rest of the luggage.	footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia, and shows a man asleep on the conveyor.	incredible video was shot at domodedovo airport in his home country.
the new ecb chief executive tom harrison was furious mani's'disgraceful' address had made no mention of icc's test match	england cricket board chairman giles clarke made a fool of himself during the wisden almanack launch.	clarke was furious mani's'disgraceful' address had just sacked his england managing director appointment, paul downton.	the departing ecb chairman was not happy with paul downton's dismissal.	sky sports chairman giles balding is snubbing the grand national to present the womens boat race.	sky sports pundit thierry henry will not be allowed to appear on channel 4's racing coverage of the ecb regime.
mourinho has promised to defend the youth cup.	chelsea have a successful academy playing in the fa youth cup final.	jose mourinho has been part of chelsea's fourth fa youth cup final.	mourinho says he can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids.	mourinho says he can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids.	he is set to get his chance next season in the premier league next season.
olivier giroud scored the only goal of the game for the gunners.	15 wins in 17 games all season run it's 11 years since arsenal won the title.	arsenal are sixth in the 2 - 0 premier league games in the table.	arsenal beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the premier league on the day of the fa cup.	arsene wenger's side have 15 points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league.	the gunners are on a terrific run of 15 wins in 17 since january 2's loss.
celtic were defeated 3-2 after extra-time in the scottish cup semi-final.	hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2.	celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2.	celtic are'seeking an understanding' of the failure to penalise inverness defender josh meekings.	but he can not see any point in his old club writing to the scottish football association over the latest controversy at the national stadium.	celtic had taken the lead in the box by inverness on sunday.
fast forward 16 months and a pat on the back from ryan giggs.	chelsea boss jose mourinho was frustrated with the consolatory efforts of michael essien.	louis van gaal's last five games has in the premier league.	juan mata turns away to celebrate after being substituted by chelsea boss jose mourinho at southampton.	united travel away to chelsea in the premier league on saturday.	manchester united beat chelsea 4 - 0 in the premier league last sunday.
cesc fabregas was shot at loftus road in the first half of the game.	cesc fabregas and eden hazard score for chelsea in the premier league.	branislav ivanovic scored his first goal of the season in the premier league.	eden hazard and eden hazard scored in the penalty area.	cesc fabregas takes advantage of rob green error to win the game for chelsea three minutes from time.	cesc fabregas scored a late on to give qpr the lead in the second half.
maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic, caroline wozniacki, sabine lisicki, caroline wozniacki and maria sharapova strike a pose.	world no 1 serena williams was not ready for the porsche grand prix tennis opening ceremony.	the ladies were dressed for pictures at the clay court tournament in stuttgart.	with serena williams missing, simona halep could overtake three times winner sharapova as world no 2.	maria sharapova beat maria sharapova in the porsche grand prix in stuttgart.	the russian needs to reach the semi finals at the clay court tournament.
the blues are 10 points clear of second place at the emirates stadium.	mourinho says the blues are'boring, boring chelsea' at the emirates stadium on sunday night.	jose mourinho's side have been to the pfa awards ceremony after their 0-0 draw with arsenal on sunday.	john terry and cesc fabregas are in the premier league title as'boring'.	he hailed the individual performance of his captain john terry as the defender's'best ever' in his career.	jose mourinho accused chelsea of being purposefully defensive during goalless draw at emirates stadium on sunday.
kevin mirallas scored in the first half to give united the lead in the half time.	mccarthy scored his first goal of the season for united in the second half.	louis van gaal's side have won just two of their games in charge.	james mccarthy and kevin mirallas scored for the hosts.	louis van gaal's side were beaten 2 - 1 in the premier league last season.	kevin mirallas takes advantage of poor manchester united defending to make it 3-0 late on.
the majority of rooms on the strip are expected to descend on this oasis in the nevada hotel.	the mgm grand expect 50,000 people each day to pass through for friday's weigh-in and fight on saturday night are all over mgm grand hotel ahead of the contest.	the las vegas strip will host floyd mayweather's showdown with manny pacquiao on saturday night.	the president of the mgm grand has been reduced to the fight against floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao.	the president of mgm grand is hoping to run out of beer this weekend.	the hotel has 7,000 rooms and suites and 9,000 employees.
chelsea's jose mourinho has been in the game for the first half.	jose mourinho wants hazard to be a fourth league title for this football club.	jose mourinho's side face arsenal in the premier league on sunday.	jose mourinho wants function strikers loic remy and willian.	jose mourinho started with no striker despite having didier drogba.	eden hazard, diego costa and diego costa both progress to the game.
the patriots beat the 30 - year - old patriots to win super bowl in glendale, arizona, on thursday, with quarterback tom brady nowhere to be seen in the visit.	the patriots said'prior family commitments' were the reason why brady did n't attend the white house on thursday.	tom brady was nowhere to be seen, citing'family commitments' as reason.	the president was a senator with 12 super bowl touchdown passes and completions on 37.	but there was one notable absence from the patriots squad who visited the white house to receive congratulations from president barack obama.	brady named in the nfl's seasonal showpiece in february.
watford beat brighton 2 - 0 in the premier league on saturday.	watford have sealed an automatic return to the premier league following their 2-0 win at brighton and middlesbrough's 4-3 loss at fulham.	watford beat brighton 2-0 in the amex stadium on saturday.	watford beat aitor karanka's boro 4-3 in the premier league on saturday.	slavisa jokanovic's men lost plus norwich in the last five minutes.	slavisa jokanovic's men beat brighton at the amex stadium in the early kick - off and were hoping to win the top flight.
james rodriguez scored the only goal of the game in 5-0 win at almeria.	real madrid have won two out of their last three games in the last - 16 clash in almeria.	james rodriguez has been on loan from atletico.	martin odegaard may make real madrid debut after being named in squad.	credit must go to almeria, not exactly looking like a side who are just above the relegation zone.	real madrid face 184 passes in their work rate.
suspected killer jeffrey okafor, 24, had confessed to his girlfriend.	jeffrey okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing carl beatson-asiedu to death outside a nightclub in london, with a group of friends after performing a set when a group of men approached them, the court heard.	peter okafor, a 19 - year - old victim, had been leaving the club in vauxhall's goding street.	mr lama, also 19, was stabbed with a knife and killed in the attack.	the 19-year-old victim was stabbed to death in the buttock by okafor's friend abu mansaray.	he fled to nigeria on his brother's passport opening trial, sarah whitehouse qc said.
the 16 - year - old has joined the club after being released by liverpool.	ronaldo has explosive pace and plays on the nou camp.	oldham athletic have signed ronaldo after being released by liverpool.	oldham athletic have signed ronaldo on a free transfer to real madrid.	brown was released by liverpool and has joined the league one club.	oldham athletic have signed ronaldo brown from real madrid.
snp leader said mr farage was' openly racist'.	ukip leader says ukip is' openly astonished' by ukip leader alex farage.	ukip leader said snp was'openly racist' by alex salmond.	ukip leader blames former scottish first minister for fuelling resentment.	mr farage said:'t he snp are openly racist racist'	ukip leader claims ukip is infected with' politics' and' politics of fear'.
the bmw open will take a prolonged break from each other after the wimbledon final.	murray is currently in munich for this week's us open at the iphitos.	jonas bjorkman joined andy murray's camp on an initial trial.	andy murray and ivan lendl have also been linked with ivan lendl.	amelie mauresmo will be replaced by mauresmo in the 100 - year celebrations.	andy murray confirmed he will be replaced by swede jonas bjorkman.
he scored his first goal of the game against getafe in the nou camp on tuesday.	neymar posted photograph of himself with luis suarez and lionel messi.	the brazilian has scored just three goals and four assists for barcelona.	neymar posted a picture of himself with luis suarez and lionel messi on tuesday night.	brazilian had used argentine/uruguayan expression'dale' to score his first of the night.	lionel messi and luis suarez both scored twice, while neymar also struck.
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final.	tammy abraham and dominic solanke are top scorer in the premier league at stamford bridge.	dominic solanke was also on target in the fa youth cup final first leg.	tammy abraham and dominic solanke are in the form of their young lives.	tammy abraham scored in the first leg of the fa cup final against jose mourinho's side.	the two - year - old scored for chelsea in the first leg of the season.
david raven scored a hat-trick in glasgow 15 years ago.	david raven (second right) celebrates with his inverness team-mates following his extra-time strike by sliding joyously on their fronts before a small, delirious support.	josh meekings escaped a red card just before the break for a hand ball.	david raven's extra-time winner fired celtic into extra-time strike.	the celebrations continue on the pitch as inverness beat inverness red card for josh meekings and virgil van dijk scored in the second minute.	david raven's extra - time goal was the first of his first win in the last 15 years.
chelsea beat swansea 1 - 1 in the semi - finals.	jason wilcox's side beat oxford 2-0 in the last eight of the etihad stadium.	manchester city beat shakhtar donetsk 2 - 0 in the first leg of the fourth round.	manchester city play chelsea in the third round of the 3 - 0 win at st james.	man city last lifted the trophy back in 2008 after beating chelsea 4-2.	brandon barker was the star with three of them, thierry ambrose and pablo maffeo, javairo dilrosun and denzeil boadu also secured in the first leg.
yaya toure scored twice in the second half of the game.	sportsmail was at the academy stadium to see how the youngsters got on... tammy abraham and dominic solanke.	dominic solanke scored late on to give chelsea 3-1 lead back to west london.	dominic solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the semi - finals.	manchester city struggle without injured star thierry ambrose.	chelsea beat manchester city 2 - 0 at stamford bridge in the first half.
jose mourinho's side face leicester city in the first half of the premier league.	jose mourinho was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to crystal palace on sunday.	the chelsea boss said he had to give players a lead at the stamford bridge.	chelsea beat leicester city 2 - 1 at stamford bridge on sunday.	but not before jose mourinho gave his squad a half-time rollicking.	chelsea manager john terry's scrappy goal put chelsea in the lead in the first half.
harry kane, english football's leading goalscorer, and daniel sturridge and danny welbeck are also on target for the club.	wayne rooney, the captain, poised to overtake sir bobby charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in england’s history? danny welbeck, the top scorer — or the captain whose partnership with luis suarez almost propelled liverpool to the title last season? charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr.	wayne rooney scored 17 premier league goals for qpr austin scored in qpr's 3-3 draw with premier league strugglers aston villa on tuesday night.	austin has scored 17 goals in five games for qpr this season.	charlie austin is yet to receive an international call - up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr austin scored in qpr's 3 - 3 draw with fellow premier league strugglers aston villa.	roy hodgson should not listen to those who say he favours big clubs.
leicester city striker jamie vardy scored their first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend.	mesut ozil scored his first goal of the season against west brom on saturday.	vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the hawthorns on saturday.	leicester city striker jamie vardy scored the only goal for the club.	leicester city striker jamie ulloa scored his first goal in the season.	mesut ozil, mesut ozil and mesut ozil were among the best players in the premier league.
johnson retained the ufc first bout with a win over kyoji.	he defeated fabio maldonado to win the ufc event in montreal.	the american secured a on saturday night in canada on saturday.	25 - year - old demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a second left.	johnson won the title for the sixth time in the second round.	quinton jackson beat fabio maldonado in ufc 186 co-main event.
daniel levy is known to be one of the premier league's top keepers.	manchester united are considering a move for france goalkeeper daniel levy.	spurs are interested in signing hugo lloris for a five - year deal.	and daniel levy will put price tag on lloris to keep united and psg at bay.	spurs are keen on signing david de gea for paris saint-germain.	the club are considering a move for hugo lloris.
micah richards' manchester city contract ends this summer.	micah richards is a free agent at the end of the season.	micah richards is set on a return to the premier league this season.	micah richards will be playing next season at manchester city.	micah richards has found his contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season.	his contract at manchester city expires at least until he knows where he'll be playing next season.
chelsea beat manchester united 2-0 in the premier league on saturday.	jose mourinho's side have 73 per cent possession over the 90 minutes.	mourinho has learnt from the mistakes of last season to lead a title charge.	chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in the premier league on saturday.	jose mourinho has come under fire for chelsea's lack of possession during their 1-0 win at stamford bridge.	chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 in the premier league on saturday.
david raven was the hero of scottish football at the weekend in 2005.	celtic lost their scottish cup semi-final to inverness caledonian thistle.	david raven, 30, and ryan christie, have scored the winner for inverness.	raven, djimi traore and ryan christie are among the winner of scottish football.	rafa benitez's side beat burnley 1-0 at hampden park on saturday.	celtic face celtic in scottish cup semi-final at hampden park.
cook has been looking to make runs with shots that he rarely worked.	the england captain has hit 25 test so he can not play shannon gabriel.	alastair cook's innings into day three in grenada was spot on, particularly the first hour of it cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76 yet it is nonsense to say a batsman.	cook scored an encouraging 76 before playing a wide ball onto his stumps.	he has scored 25 of 25 test for england in the last eight.	cook has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he rarely employed before.
louis van gaal has been linked with a move to old trafford.	manchester united host everton in the second half of the premier league on sunday.	ilkay gundogan is a no - brainer for united in the summer of the season.	ilkay gundogan has already been linked in a # 16m move to manchester united.	united should bring in sven bender and ilkay gundogan in midfield.	manchester united beat manchester united 2 - 0 in the premier league on sunday.
christopher swist was on a break from a relationship with jessica mccarty when she allegedly killed her children in palm bay, florida, police say.	lacey mccarty and phillip mccarty were arrested on march 20 and face three counts of first-degree murder for the incidents that occurred in palm bay, florida.	the father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating jessica mccarty, six-year-old phillip mccarty and five-month-old christopher swist died at the hands of their mother.	the two oldest children have been named 3 angels ball for all of the children and coached two oldest in	lacey mccarty, six - year - old phillip mccarty, five - month - old christopher swist, died allegedly at the hands of their mother, jessica mccarty, in a botched murder - suicide.	mccarty, father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating jessica mccarty, called the police on herself.
lewis hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers' championship after winning the chinese grand prix at a post - race press conference fizzing with recriminations.	rosberg feared he might be overtaken by vettel before the second round of pit stops when hamilton claimed his second victory from three races.	the german and team-mate lewis hamilton are'egocentric b *******'.	lewis hamilton led the field to turn 1 at the top of the formula one world championship after three rounds.	nico rosberg was second for mercedes with the ferrari of sebastian vettel completing the podium.	niki lauda is confident nico rosberg will turn'nasty' at the shanghai international circuit.
the blues will face the new york red bulls at stamford bridge on august 5.	john terry will play fiorentina at stamford bridge in july.	they will face new york red bulls, paris saint-germain and barcelona.	chelsea travel to north carolina in the premier league.	jose mourinho's side will play psg in the champions league on july 22.	all four matches mourinho's side will feature in the premier league.
arsene wenger is up against mourinho's brand of football.	jose mourinho's side have conceded just two goals in six clashes.	jose mourinho's side have won just two of their last five games in the premier league.	arsene wenger has imposed just two goals in their last six clashes.	arsene wenger's side have conceded two goals in their last six games.	jose mourinho has an impressive record against arsene wenger.
zlatan ibrahimovic, david luiz and vincent labrune are all in the world.	stade velodrome is ligue 1 top of france's dockers against paris saint-germain.	the home side are ligue 1 on sunday night at the stade velodrome.	paris saint-germain defender lucas moura runs during training as psg prepare to meet merseille.	the home side are ligue 1 at the world cup.	marseille face psg at home on sunday night in ligue 1 title clash.
shivnarine world snooker champion steve davis has been at 40.	shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis have been in the portuguese club for bayern munich.	steve davis failed in his bid to qualify for the world championships at the age of 57 monday night football.	england play australia in champions league on more than 21 years.	west indies batsman was first footballer ever to'lose the ball in the background'	alastair cook probably should n't have gone to graham gooch for tips.
louis van gaal wants to break his major duck next week and is in charge of manchester united.	phil jones - can louis van gaal find his perfect position?	colin graves is the new ecb chief at the world cup.	tracey neville has played for england in the cricket world cup.	the ecb chief tracey neville wants to dedicate a life to sport.	tracey neville is now in charge of england netball coach kevin sinfield.
the smalling scored for manchester united as city goalkeeper joe hart was in the gantry with martin tyler.	'smalling has scored. it's a mauling for city,' said neville at one point.	manchester city's 2 - 1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night.	louis van gaal's side by a point ahead of sunday's manchester derby at old trafford.	martin tyler was his old partner andy gray for the manchester derby.	united's joe hart is one of the world's best players.
david hazard and harry kane will also be eager to vote for thierry henry.	harry kane is the front runners to win the title.	jamie carragher reveals there will be plenty of tactical voting by players.	eden hazard, harry kane and harry kane are among the favourites to pick up the individual gong after his heroics for tottenham.	eden hazard will be voted pfa player of the year this season.	eden hazard and david de gea will be voted pfa player of the year.
newcastle keeper tim krul criticised krul for his half-time actions while speaking on sky sports.	sportsmail's jamie carragher criticised krul, personally or professionally.	jamie carragher: tim krul was wrong to congratulate jermain defoe.	jermain defoe scored a penalty with the last kick to take the game into extra - time.	jermain defoe scored a late consolation for the black cats in the 2005 champions league semi-final at anfield.	tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe at half-time during the wear-tyne derby.
alexis sanchez scored the only goal of the top spot in the premier league.	jermain defoe charlie adam scored his side's third goal against west brom.	jermain defoe scored his side's third goal against west brom on sunday.	arsenal beat liverpool 3-0 at the emirates in the premier league on saturday.	alexis sanchez scored the only goal in the second half to give arsenal the lead.	alexis sanchez and bobby zamora also netted memorable goals.
a blockbuster with james degale is most likely after julio cesar chavez jnr defeat - but anthony dirrell has made contact.	the wbc world title champion james degale is to fight carl froch.	the winner could work for carl hopkins in the next two months.	julio cesar chavez jnr has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs.	he has been a year out of the ring and andre dirrell's ibf world title.	julio cesar chavez jnr lost to andrzej fonfara in las vegas.
the fight will fight carl scott quigg and kiko martinez.	i've also held talks with kiko martinez and nonito donaire for july 18.	scott quigg will fight on the undercard of chris avalos in february.	scott frampton: i hope they do because i ca n't understand what is stopping them.	5million to do so on july 18 promoter eddie hearn produced a cheque for 1.	scott quigg and carl frampton made the first defence of his world title against chris avalos in february.
leicester are bottom of the table with 19 points in the premier league.	nigel pearson and nigel pearson have been in relegation battles.	leicester have won three on the bounce from the premier league.	the foxes have won last three league games on the bounce.	nigel pearson and chelsea will be out of the relegation zone.	nigel pearson and his men will be out of the relegation zone.
mccoy finished third on box office in last-ever race on saturday.	mccoy, the iron - man of jump racing, shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle, his last - ever ride.	the 40-year-old received a guard of honour at 4.15 pm a bell, in the parade ring.	the 40-year-old was presented to the champion ian wright in the parade ring.	mccoy was presented the champion richard johnson, 15 times a runner.	mccoy said he did not have the signal for the jockeys to mount.
the mercedes-benz fashion week australia australia show on saturday night at white city tennis club in sydney.	amanda bisk, samantha harris and juliette burnett also feature.	klim told daily mail australia that she exercises two hours a day in bali... but barely makes it to the gym in oz.	the 37 - year - old was excited to be returning to the show for the first time in sydney.	the catwalk was replaced with a tennis court in sydney on tuesday night.	mercedes-benz fashion week australia show on tuesday night was held at white city tennis club in paddington and featured real life fitness influencers.
a search is being carried by search and rescue teams scouring the area.	the boy was camping in the national forest with his family, and it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.	police remain hopeful they will find luke, who has'high pain tolerance'	he has now been updating his family and friends for the search.	luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park, central victoria at 9.30 am on friday.	victoria police have confirmed it was located on monday afternoon, west of the devil's cove and candlebark campsite in lake eildon national park.
the study found little foot, a member of the species australopithecus prometheus, lived at roughly the same time as australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous fossil, known as lucy, comes from ethiopia.	australopithecus prometheus, lived at the same time as the species, comes from ethiopia.	the species whose most famous fossil, known as lucy, comes from ethiopia.	lucy, little foot, appeared roughly 3.	new dating of fossil shows it is is roughly 3.7 million years old.	it was previously thought to have been predated by other species on the human family tree.
siobhan o'dell, 17-year-old, from north carolina, had applied to the prestigious college in her home state.	when she got a rejection email she decided not to take no for an answer.	the teenager, from north carolina, had applied into the prestigious college rejection letter, "this year we had an outstanding pool of applicants," she said.	siobahn o'dell, 17, from north carolina, had applied to the prestigious college in her home state, but on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade.	reece o'dell, 17, from north carolina, was sent a letter telling her she had missed out on a place however, refusing to take no for an letter, she said:' this year we all know that it's [UNK].	siobahn o'dell, 17, from north carolina, sent the admissions office a message of her own.
ms hindle's partner chris barnes and his sister karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies at north manchester general hospital.	the 37-year-old's death came just months after three babies and two mothers at the royal oldham hospital prompted an investigation.	lianne hindle's partner chris barnes and his sister karen have called for action to prevent more tragedies at the royal oldham hospital.	investigation was launched last year into the deaths of seven babies and three mothers at the unit and a ward at the royal oldham hospital.	the mother - of - four suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal - hit north manchester general hospital in december.	the 37-year-old's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the scandal-hit north manchester general hospital in december.
kendall, 19, helps gigi learn how to deal with negative feedback.	kendall's secret model karlie kloss is in her instagram feed.	kendall, 21, has taken to social media to express her delight at her new york fashion week.	she has a really good sense of when to stand up on social media ] and when it came to learning how to deal with the haters.	the 19-year-old model, 19, says she has a really good sense of when to stand up on social media.	gigi hadid, 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star.
he has been thrown to the ground by a crash-test dummy as he approaches the final of the race.	his feet point directly to the sky as he begins to exit his spin and the turf starts to rush towards the disorientated young jockey.	the jockey from hawick is a first win in ferguson at wincanton.	the 18-year-old rider's waist collides with the fence is brought to a juddering halt.	amateur jockey lewis ferguson is flung from his horse on his first ride for new boss, champion trainer paul nicholls.	horse suffered a wobble that threw jockey lewis ferguson in a freak fall.
king's leadership of the civil rights movement was demonstrated in the wanted picture issued by the fbi.	dr martin luther king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis, tennessee in a killing.	files from two field offices which had information on tarrants were destroyed in 1977 after congress launched assassinations committee.	dr martin luther king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis, tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement.	the fbi repeatedly deceived congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of king and former president john f kennedy.	the fbi had been trying to cover up the role of a high level informant in the killing of king and former president john f kennedy.
sarah theeboom, new york city, said she stopped washing her hair six years ago.	she ran into an old friend whose hair was the' no poo' movement.	sarah theeboom has n't washed her hair in six years after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.	the writer battled greasy hair and dandruff for nearly two months before locks became silkier and'totally frizz-free'	when sarah asked for her secret, her friend said her hair was the'greasiest' it had ever been.	sarah theeboom has n't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that her hair is now silkier and'totally frizz-free' since she gave up using shampoo.
carlos colina, 32, faces charges of being an accessory after severed human body parts were discovered inside a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology.	remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology.	he is being held on $1million bail. remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a recycling bin in his apartment building's recycling bin.	the remains of jonathan camilien, 26, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology.	cambridge police found torso in bag before finding head in recycling.	carlos colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in cambridge, massachusetts.
kristin holmes, 26, has been arrested for'facebook thugging' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site.	kristin holmes, 26, has been arrested for' facebook thugging' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users''misdirected threats'.	in image, 26-year-old is beaming while pointing a gun toward the camera.	she has since been charged with her and she is facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and a $2,500 fine.	holmes, who lives in chesterfield, virginia, was charged with harassment by computer.	kristin holmes, 26, arrested for' facebook thugging' after posting photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users' misdirected threats'.
jean-marie le pen has tried to steer it away from the comments saying she'deeply disagrees' with her'''''''.	his daughter and current leader of the french national front and her father have been arrested.	he claimed they were a'detail of the war' and should'not shock anyone'	the founder of the far-right party defended the comments saying he had'never regretted' making similar statements in the past.	86 - year - old founder of the far - right party defended having described nazi gas chambers as a' detail of history''.	tensions between french national front leader marine le pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she' deeply disagrees' with her' deliberately provocative' father.
the house has a wood-fired stove to keep out the cold, stained glass windows and other creature comforts they're nearly self-sufficient, too.	hannah and alex purchased a solar-powered two-bedroom, wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson, new zealand.	so, they purchased a 1986 hino flatbed truck and started building a home on the back of it over the course of about a year and a half.	the home is powered by solar panels and a babbling brook outside their door.	the result was a solar - powered two - bedroom, wood and steel home.	after a year, the couple started building one step at a time.
he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor in lantana, florida.	rapper vanilla ice avoided prosecution in florida.	he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture and a pool equipment from the $1million home.	the grand theft charge was a third-degree felony which carried a maximum penalty of five years.	he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1, 333 to the estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture and pool equipment from the $1million home.	his community service must take place at a habitat for humanity project.
the british no 1 beat psg 2-0 in their champions league quarter-final clash.	andy murray watched lionel messi and ross hutchins in the nou camp.	jonas bjorkman scored his 400th career goal in the 2-0 win over valencia.	andy murray was spotted at the nou camp during barcelona's quarter-final second leg clash against psg.	the 27-year-old was at the nou camp with best man ross hutchins.	the british no 1 spotted lionel messi and co defeat psg with best man ross hutchins.
in the days after her birth, she was rushed back to hospital because the harmless mark had started growing into her throat.	jasmine midgley, now four months, was born with a'harmless' birthmark.	her parents tanja and steven were warned she may not survive in the days after her birth, her life - threatening problem was cutting off her air supply.	the condition has been linked to the condition that affects jasmine in the breathing passage, just below the vocal cords.	jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark and a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.	jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark, her parents tanja and steven warned she may not survive.
the prince is due to pay his respects to the fallen straight to the australian armed forces in the australian war memorial.	harry will be taken to the australian war memorial on arrival in kensington palace.	harry will pay tribute to the adf for the next four weeks.	harry is due to arrive in australia on the 6th april and will return to barracks to report for duty on his way: harry will also spend time meeting the local aboriginal population.	he will then report for duty and will be in perth and darwin among others.	the prince is due to arrive in australia on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty.
it will see grass and flowers to attract wildlife, improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures and the risk of flooding.	royal horticultural society has launched a three year'greening grey' campaign in britain.	the rhs is calling for people to plant trees, shrubs, and shrubs to attract animals to the uk green and shrubs and shrubs.	more than 60 per cent of the uk have now been paved over and the rhs is calling for people to plant hedges, trees and flowers to turn the uk green again - as a green garden is said to boost people's mood.	more than 7million gardens in britain have now been paved over and the rhs is calling for people to plant trees, shrubs or flowers to attract wildlife, improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures.	claims seeing a green front garden boosts mood for 95 per cent of people.
he died at the scene in the new york city, new york, and the 44 - year - old man died in the crash.	kadeem brown, 25-year-old, was in the bronx, new york, when she was hit by a passing taxi.	kadeem brown, 25, was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by a passing taxi.	police say she had been driving another 100 feet and crashed into the side of a building.	cab driver suffered a seizure moments before the crash and has been stripped of his tlc license.	kadeem brown, 25, was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by the cab.
michelle gent, 50, used party's offices in ashfield, nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the seedy films.	her film's titles include the exorcist chronicles and rise of the 4th reich.	michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling auditions for the sordid films.	lib dem campaigner michelle gent has been exposed as dominatrix and dominatrix for her bondage and porn film business.	some of the clips show women bound with leather straps were told to'prepare for anything'	she says she was exposed as a dominatrix and a dominatrix who used the party's party's office to fight for a bizarre movie reviews website.
luo kun was expelled from his village when he was given a home at last.	the boy was refused admission to local schools and protect villagers' families.	luo kun kun expelled from his village in china when diagnosed with hiv.	luo kun kun was expelled from his village when she was pregnant with him, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old.	he was forced to play in his village in linfen, a city in southern shanxi province.	his mother and stepfather signed a petition to banish him to'protect villagers' health'
allie davis, 21, required her boyfriend to score at least 60 per cent to pass.	allie davis, 21, posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter.	allie, 21, posted the results of the not - entirely - serious stunt on twitter.	the singer, 33, later mysteriously sang in her performance with fellow singer nicki minaj and solange knowles.	she shared the results on her famous singer with beyonce and nicki minaj.	allie's boyfriend incorrectly answered questions about beyonce's husband jay z following a score of 80 per cent of the stunt.
he was given the all-clear in september but just two months later he was expected to live for eight weeks.	he had been told he was in remission and has been to live for eight weeks.	sean mccabe, 30, of tonyrefail, south wales, was told he had just two months to live.	sean mccabe, 30, of tonyrefail, south wales, wrote a goodbye letter to his children for his partner lisa williams.	he was given the all-clear in september but was expected to live for eight weeks.	he booked the church for his funeral and selected songs to be played.
it opened in 4, 003 north american theaters in 4.	it also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history.	analysts had estimated that it would open in the $115 million range, but it managed to earn almost $30m more.	universal pictures spared no expense in bringing the latest chapter in the fast cars and gravity-defying-stunts series to the big screen.	it also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history.	much as the dark knight turned into a memorial for heath ledger, audiences flocked to see actor paul walker in one of his final roles before his untimely death in 2013 at the age of 40.
she is facing serious assault charges after her $60 order went wrong.	the 38-year-old mother saw red and is now facing serious assault charges and has faced court today after she grabbed a teenage mcdonald's worker around the neck and scratched her face.	amy johnson, from sydney, said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the mcdonald's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet.	johnson ordered new ones and grew angry, going inside the store.	she claims that the fries had fallen out of their containers and the mcdonald's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet.	she had been her food from the 16-year-old girl at the drive-through in sydney's inner west.
she is currently battling terminal cancer and has spread to her liver.	clare van santen, 37, was pregnant with her fifth child, elijah, now aged nine.	she was told she had breast cancer and had a mastectomy, and her son was born happy and more importantly, and she was born.	she is pictured here with her four youngest kids susan 17, nikita, 9, the perth woman was first diagnosed when she was pregnant with her fifth child, elijah, now aged nine.	her four youngest children have been told she was in remission for five years.	single mum-of-five was first diagnosed in 2005 while pregnant with her son.
the hollywood producer has denied the allegations and has spoken to police, who have not filed charges.	harvey weinstein's wife georgina chapman, 38, has been denied sexually assaulting ambra battilana during a business meeting at his new york city last friday.	harvey weinstein's wife of eight years, georgina chapman, 63, was pictured in a business meeting at his tribeca office last friday.	he allegedly groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a'business meeting' at his connecticut home.	harvey weinstein, 38, has publicly denied the incident.	ambra battilana, 22, claims he assaulted her at his tribeca grand hotel on friday night.
william and russell prepare for the x factor finals in the new york for four stressful years.	her husband russell was diagnosed with the age of 34 and after month she'd clutch at her abdomen in pain.	eleven months after 15 years of heartbreak, sarah and russell have two children william, (centre) and matilda.	journalist sarah ivens, 39, tells of her struggle to get pregnant aged 34.	sarah and russell have two children and one - year - old matilda in new york.	expert zita west:'women go on the pill and are polycystic ovary syndrome or endometriosis'
he was convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-muslims at the age of 15 back in 2006.	hassan munshi, one of two teenagers feared to have traveled to syria are'in a state of profound shock' and deeply worried about the safety of their'ordinary yorkshire lads'	families of hassan munshi and talha asmal, both 17, released statement.	hassan is supposedly related to hammaad munshi, who was arrested by counter - terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006.	they are believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006.	hassan munshi and talha asmal are believed to be' in a state of profound shock'.
as the granddaughter of ernest hemingway, there was a dark side to her last name, which the now has recounted in two new novels, released tuesday.	hemingway tells about her own experiences with depression, eating disorders, ocd, and how she learned to overcome the issues.	the now 53 - year - old has recounted in two new novels, released tuesday.	as the granddaughter of ernest hemingway, she starred as woody allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy'manhattan'.	hemingway, 53, has her life in order and has written two revealing books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides independent: mariel hemingway, the granddaughter to literary legend ernest hemingway.	she wrote a book about her depression, addiction and suicide in her family patterns of depression and depression.
kazi islam, 18, sent messages via his blackberry to harry thomas, 19, praising lee rigby's killers and encouraging him to buy parts for a bomb.	kazi islam, 18, sent messages via his blackberry to harry thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties, persuading him to buy parts for a bomb.	the old bailey was told he had dreamed of helping him make a pipe bomb.	the court heard that islam tried to use a pipe bomb in a text message.	a court has heard that islam, who is accused of preparing for terrorism, used'cake' as code for bomb in his messages to make an explosive device.	tried to persuade mr thomas to buy ingredients for pipe bomb, court told.
bride nicola braithwaite was met with whoops and cheers from 25 hens.	she was joined by her friends and friends at the party's party.	the labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a group.	ed miliband was invited by a screaming hen party at the westminster hotel.	he was mobbed by a screaming hen party and said:' i got a full on [UNK].	one of the group from knutsford spotted the bride - to - be nicola braithwaite and her friends.
unnamed caller gave the operator a blow - by - blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv, 10, and his sister dvora, 6, in silver spring on sunday.	the 7 - minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents, danielle and alexander meitiv, who espouse the hands - off parenting style.	the meitivs, both of them scientists, have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours.	scientists danielle and alexander meitiv believe in'free range parenting' meaning the children are afforded total independence from infancy.	danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi, 10, and daughter dvora, 6, on sunday in a maryland park.	they have been charged with two counts of child abuse and two of their children.
north carolina student victor agbafe, 17, was accepted into all eight ivy league schools.	the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all eight ivy league schools.	will make decision this month and he hopes to become a neurosurgeon.	the 17 - year - old got into 14 schools in wilmington, north carolina.	victor agbafe, 17, was accepted into all eight ivy league schools.	the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all eight ivy league schools.
it is located on one of the major trading sites which linked saudi arabia's first world heritage site in 2008.	qasr al-farid or'the lonely castle' is the largest of 131 monumental tombs in the city of mada'in saleh.	the single-rock tomb is incomplete and abandoned, but fascinatingly reveals structures were carved from top down.	qasr al-farid or'the lonely castle' has a sad tale, standing out of place in the vast desert landscape size matters!	qasr al - farid is the largest of the most important tombs in the city of the arabian peninsula.	golden north saudi arabian desert is the largest of 131 tombs in the arabian peninsula.
the tory leader set out a seven point plan which he said would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving.	tory leader said'dream of home ownership is alive' and will help build more houses.	tory leader set out seven point plan to promise voters'security at every stage of your life'	david cameron says seven point plan to help build more homes and cutting cost saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages.	tory leader sets out seven point plan for boost home ownership dream.	the prime minister said the' dream of home ownership is alive'.
her father michael bialek said she is'safe and well' with loved ones.	jessica bialek was missing since about 8:30am on wednesday morning.	jessica's father, sabino matera, said she was' out of [UNK].	jessica has been missing since her home in sydney on wednesday.	jessica bialek found'safe and well' after vanishing 36 hours earlier.	her husband, jessica's husband, has made a desperate plea for information about her disappearance.
ed sheeran, who is currently touring new zealand, was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	british singer, sheeran, is currently touring new zealand.	however, jess was diagnosed with leukemia two weeks after buying the tickets last october.	ms knight had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	she had to give up her concert tickets to concert with her friends and friends.	just two weeks later she was forced to give up her tickets due to her.
kendall schler crept onto the go! st. louis marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles.	kendall schler, missouri, was the female winner of it this year.	she was spotted in the race of the st. louis marathon.	schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips to record her times from her race and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles.	schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race (violation of race protocol) and did n't run the entire 26.2 miles.	kendall schler cheated her way to the front of the st. louis marathon's st. louis marathon last weekend.
peta have successfully petitioned a number of australian and international retailers to stop selling angora wool after revealing the treatment of rabbits at the sydney opera house.	morrissey has written a letter to australian retailer the just jeans, portmans, dotti, dotti, peter alexander, jacqui e, and jay jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur.	the singer, who will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the sydney vivid live festival in may, has written a public letter to the australian retailer to stop selling angora wool.	morrissey, 55, has been banned from the sydney opera house in may.	singer to ask audience at sydney concert to sign petition against company.	morrissey has responded to peta with the sale of meat products.
mr phillips, 70, says he was'ignored' when he joined their table.	graeme finlay, 53, is accused of attacking and wife ronald and june phillips.	graeme finlay, 53, is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship after enjoying dinner, an evening show and a drink in the cruise ships cabaret bar, ron and june phillips headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa.	the couple were ambushed at their cabin clutching cups of cocoa.	graeme finlay, 53, is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship.	graeme finlay allegedly attacked ronald and june phillips on a cruise ship.
he said:' i'd like us to meet in a studio for a duel of words	he says he has' never had enough' to the ukip leader.	mr zylinski said he had enough of the discrimination against ukip.	janek zylinski, the aristocratic son of polish war hero, slams mr farage.	mr zylinski said:'i'd like to meet in hyde park one morning'	he posted the challenge online after declaring that he had'had enough' of the discrimination against immigrants.
the family's attorney paul carr said he was going to virginia but did not elaborate.	he has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin, florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until 10am on monday to register with a probation officer.	he is expected to issue a statement on monday after a series of interviews.	he spent two years planning stunt to protest campaign finance laws.	mrs hughes told officers her husband said he was not aware of the plan.	doug hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol this week.
the mercury is expected to reach the warmest day of the year.	the top temperatures are expected to last until the middle of next week.	temperatures expected to rise to 25c (36f), with the threat of frost.	this will beat marseille at 22c (72f), athens at 21c (70f), rome at 19c (66f) and madrid at night, with temperatures set to reach a record for this year.	families are warned to use suncream if they are relaxing outside while firefighters issue warning over fire risks.	the south east and london are forecast to three weeks.
alan lawrence created a kickstarter campaign to raise awareness about down syndrome.	utah photographer alan lawrence, 18 months later, lawrence tells abc that little wil can fly' in the toddler appears to be flying in many different scenes.	a utah photographer, alan lawrence, created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, wil, had down syndrome his'mind was flooded with many emotions'	his family have started a kickstarter campaign to donate half the proceeds to two down syndrome foundations.	alan lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month old son, wil, appears to be flying to raise awareness about down syndrome.	utah photographer alan lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, wil, had down syndrome his' mind was flooded with many emotions, most of which were not positive.
the new shepard system will fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles (100 km) above earth.	amazon.com founder jeff bezos has finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship.	firm expected to sell tourist tickets for its spacecraft.	it will launch from blue origin's west texas facility near van horn.	the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and reach 62 miles (100 km) above earth.	testing and development of the rocket engine, called be-3, has been completed, the last major milestone before the liquid oxygen - and liquid hydrogen-fueled motor is attached to the new shepard capsule for flight.
the 29 - year - old was on his way home from a speed carriageway into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.	his mother jane allen, 29-year-old, died instantly in a horror crash.	shaun worthington's car was filmed on a speed awareness course.	shaun worthington died instantly in a horror crash seconds after sending a text whilst driving home from a speed awareness course.	he was travelling home from a speed awareness course on the morning of november 19.	he was driving home from a speed awareness course, an inquest heard.
she says she has told how men are paying her $1,500 a month in addition to her regular pay.	she gorges on junk food and sugary treats on camera for men who like to watch her eat.	she decided to turn it into a job she says fans love to watch her enjoying food.	new yorker sarah reign, 26, is a security guard by day but earns extra money by eating fast food and sugary treats while men watch.	miss reign says she wo n't do nude squashing.	sarah reign, 26, from new york, used a security guard at a factory in miss reign disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam.
craig has had surgery to remove the nerve from his spinal cord.	james bond is licensed to kill his on-screen ordeals.	daniel craig is the serial killer in the chest by a shell containing radioactive uranium, the type of weapon usually used to destroy tanks.	in real life, james bond would have died before skyfall's opening credits.	daniel craig's character to have survived several times in recent films.	bond is not the only one to a bond movie, spectre, according to medical experts.
the ifpi, which sold 10 million copies, has had a piracy issue.	digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like cds.	overall global sales of $14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013.	digital delivery of music caught up with cds as a money stream for the first time last year.	digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like cds as a money stream for the first time last year.	trade association ifpi named the year's top-selling album.
ms brown said she had asked cabinet secretary sir jeremy sturgeon to	sir jeremy heywood has denied telling french ambassador sylvie bermann that she would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10.	snp leader nicola sturgeon dismissed claims she wants a tory victory.	sir jeremy heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that she would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10.	mrs sturgeon said she was a sign of'panic' within the westminster establishment over the surge of support for her party.	ms sturgeon told supporters at a rally in glasgow today that the westminster establishment were afraid of the snp's rise and called on ed miliband to commit to'locking out' david cameron from downing street next month.
the tamaulipas state government says the suspects have been detained a different leader, jose hugo rodriguez sanchez, who was arrested last year.	cartel leader jose tiburcio hernandez fuentes was captured on friday.	a reynosa police spokesman said two bystanders were apparently killed, but this was not confirmed.	three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured, authorities said.	activity in parts of reynosa, texas, ground to halt on friday afternoon.	police say two people were killed, but this was not confirmed.
said in interview on cnn ireport at furious 7 premiere in hollywood that she was the only female stuntwoman driving cars.	lafontaine said she was the only female stunt association in the set of the stunt.	model and actress sulinh lafontaine is not a daredevil stunt driver on furious 7, but this week she was unmasked as a member of the film's crew.	actress, sulinh lafontaine, was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick.	jalopnik said she worked as a stunt driver on a set of this magnitude was absolutely mind blowing!	sulinh lafontaine, petite brunette and actress sulinh lafontaine have been on tv for a years.
maria twomey, 42, discovered she was able to lift weights and complete high-energy sprints on an exercise bike.	she now left her gym for three hours a day and her husband sean twomey, 49, has been a dental	now taking part in miami pro world championships fitness model comp.	maria twomey, 42, from watford, slimmed to her lowest weight of weight loss.	maria, from watford, became a bikini competitor at the age of 41.	maria twomey, 42, of watford, became a bikini competitor after shrinking five dress sizes.
robert gentile, 78-year-old, was arrested on friday and charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.	his attorney, ryan mcguigan, said the arrest was a ruse to pressure gentile to speak about the $500million art heist from 1990 a security guard at boston's isabella stewart gardner museum.	robert gentile appeared in federal court in hartford, connecticut, on friday.	gardner museum continues to display empty frames, and is offering $5million reward for the return of the works.	gentile appeared in federal court in hartford, connecticut, on friday.	he was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.
he was last seen at a motel in new york on easter sunday.	army-veteran william snyder, 34, was last seen alive on easter sunday.	william snyder, 34, was charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering.	she was last seen alive on easter sunday in new york city.	kelly jo snyder was last seen alive on easter sunday by her family.	the body of shelley jo snyder was found in a river near to their home on saturday.
dzhokhar tsarnaev will be called to the stand - expected to take four weeks, followed by jury deliberations.	tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes.	dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013.	this as the the sentencing phase of the trial, in which witnesses will again be called to the stand, is expected begin next week and to take four weeks.	dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others.	a federal judge told the panel on tuesday as part of instructions ahead of the trial's sentencing phase.
hughes, a us postal service mail carrier, said he fully expected to be intercepted on the way before landing on the west lawn of the us capitol on sunday.	will appear in court on may 8 and is facing up to four years in prison.	the florida man who piloted a small gyrocopter past washington, dc, said he fully expected to be intercepted.	hughes, a us postal service mail carrier, described his flight upon arriving home in ruskin, florida, early on sunday.	hughes, a us postal service mail carrier, described his flight upon arriving home.	hughes, a us postal service mail carrier, described his flight from ruskin, florida, to dc, landmarks last week.
victoria beckham had a hit with this armband shift dress, but would n't remortgage your home to pay for it, the next version could be just the ticket.	next tan washed saddle bag will appeal to mothers aged 30 and over.	the next version could be just the ticket, but the next tan washed saddle.	the high street giant has an impressive line in designer copies.	karen kay, fashion and retail commentator, says she's a'classic shape that's also fashionable, a good combination for next customers looking for grown up-style'.	include looky-likey mulberry bayswater tote and victoria beckham dress.
ryan heritage was arrested in trowbridge, wiltshire just hours after posting the message which read' oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' he went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him.	he posted a on facebook page and said:'his luck ran out #arrested'.	ryan heritage,18, charged with theft, burglary and failing to appear in court.	police have arrested him and he was charged with theft and burglary.	18-year-old ryan heritage from wiltshire posted a obnoxious message on trowbridge police's facebook page, saying:'oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' he went out for a night out in his town.	the trowbridge neighbourhood policing team then re-posted his original message and added their own:' oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck'.
among the new signatories is simon woodroffe, the founder of yo! sushi and a former labour backer.	simon woodroffe, founder of yo! sushi and a former labour backer, have signed a letter against tory economic plans.	among the new labour supporter simon woodroffe, founder of yo!	150 business leaders have signed a letter backing tory economic plans.	simon woodroffe is the founder of yo! sushi and a former labour backer.	the announcement will heap more pressure on labour and ed miliband.
british photographer julian john is planning an exhibition of his photos.	he has been snapping photos of four years while the interiors are beautiful, the courtyard is a sight to be seen in and of itself, featuring the world's largest marble mosaic.	the largest mosque in the middle east, the grand mosque in abu dhabi is as stunning on the inside as the outside.	it is the biggest in the world in the united arab emirates, which is the largest in the middle east.	teaching assistant julian, living in the uae capital for the last four years, says it is the jewel in the united arab emirates' crown.	british photographer julian john has long been fascinated with the impressive structures in the middle east.
his'eight great states' campaign is running a marathon in each of australia's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late hypoplastic frawley right heart syndrome.	malachy passed away when he was just 14 from a congenital heart disease.	the university of sydney student callum is hoping his body to the limit, a university student who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was 14.	callum's junior died from a congenital heart disease in 2013 when he was five years old.	the university of sydney student is raising funds for charity heartkids australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects.	callum ryan, 21, is preparing to run a marathon in each of australias eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late, treasured childhood friend.
google's eric schmidt said it was a'to 250 million images.	google co-founders larry page and sergey brin' plunging dress was his inspiration for creating google images.	a team of google and sergey brin have also shared a old picture of her in that dress.	it even caught the attention of google executive, eric schmidt, who recently revealed that it was the most popular search.	it inspired google to launch image search so people could find it easier.	j lo was the most popular search question ever ever seen.
they are the oldest human footprints in the world it provides some of the strongest evidence yet that the human ancestors that left the prints - homo erectus - were in the mud.	even stalking some of the other animals that left the prints - homo erectus - were sophisticated hunters.	researchers at the american museum of natural history in new york have found 99 footprints that appear to have been left by male homo erectus.	researchers at the american museum of natural history in ileret, northwest kenya, have found a total of 99 prints.	the prints were made by a male homo erectus who may have been made by adult homo erectus.	they were able to catch, hunting parties suggests homo erectus to become a proficient hunter, able to throw weapons like spears and rocks at
french photographer floriane de lassee visited cities around the world to capture these intimate photographs.	'no matter whether it's paris or istanbul, but an imaginary city that inhabits each megalopolis'	french photographer floriane de lassee captures a photograph of a man practicing his piano in his london flat a woman looks on at the vast skyline ahead of her as she stands on a balcony.	the french photographer captures a image of a man practicing his piano in his london flat a woman looks on at the vast skyline.	french photographer floriane de lassee studied at the international center of photography in new york.	french photographer floriane de lassee captures the essence of what people do when they're alone.
robert de niro, 71, said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be'no surprises'	she also gave her backing to the ex-first lady, saying:'she's a woman, which is very important'.	robert de niro, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party.	actor thinks the former secretary of state has'paid her dues'	robert de niro, 71, has been a long - time supporter of the democratic party.	robert de niro, 71, has been a supporter of the democratic party.
she wore a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie, which she wore with over-the-knee boots.	at the end of last month, her father, prince andrew and used it to video call his daughter.	princess eugenie, 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry and harry.	princess eugenie, 25, from new york, is the cousin of princes william and harry.	princess eugenie, 25, looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie, which she pulled over her short, dark tresses.	princess, 25, spotted in sports luxe outfit in new york with a friend.
some say it's the non - jab equivalent of major surgery.	marianne is given the tuning fork treatment at the hale clinic in london and other clinics nationwide.	it's the most popular in the uk, according to the samara reid.	marianne power tried the tuning fork facial at hale clinic in london.	samara reid, jowls, head to the wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene.	the forks can make you look younger, puffy and bloated.
new york photographer brandon stanton created the photo series on facebook.	humans of new york photographer eileen dover shared a celebrity name in a post that has gone viral on facebook.	she says she has caused her grief her life and she is'not a very social person'.	the photo encouraged thousands of facebook users to comment.	her name is the wife of jay-z, who has an extra'i' says.	eileen dover considered an unfortunate name as the wife of jay-z has caused her grief her entire life.
the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits, smiling as she made her way down the street wearing ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer on wednesday night.	the ex-girlfriend of prince harry radiated health comes to a bronze glow on wednesday night.	chelsy davy, 29-year-old, was seen with friends at a art gallery in mayfair.	it was the second consecutive night out for prince harry's ex.	davy showcased her style credentials as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair.	the 29 - year - old chelsy davy, 29, stepped out in the royal wedding of prince harry spanning six years until they called it a day in may 2010.
protester bundled off by two bodyguards, while third shields ecb boss.	the woman was 21 and from hamburg, germany, in frankfurt, germany.	mario draghi, mario draghi and josephine witt have been in a press conference for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and started throwing paper at him.	he was arrested and charged with two men in the incident in frankfurt.	he is said to have been to the european central bank in the wake of the incident.	the woman - who identified herself later as josephine witt - yelled' end the ecb dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi.
anthony mann, 78, was given a two year suspended sentence after admitting he stabbed his sick wife to death after she begged him to' bring her suffering'.	the 78 - year - old was spared jail after pleading guilty to murder of his wife.	the court was told she had been in a distressed state and had told him to'bring her suffering to an end'.	anthony mann admitted killing his wife janet who suffered from dementia.	anthony mann, 78, was spared jail for killing his wife janet at their home.	mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife's chest after she asked him to end his life.
the reserve deputy appeared on the today show on friday, just days after bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter.	willa junior is the seattle - tacoma baggage handler who fell asleep in the cargo hold of a plane earlier this month, and became trapped inside when the plane took off making headlines: junior, who appears to be in his early 20s according to facebook, wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice:' i mean when i first started the job, we took naps.	robert bates, 73-year-old, was shot dead during botched sting operation in tulsa, oklahoma.	robert bates, from tulsa, oklahoma, mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of a taser and shot dead a fleeing suspect says the mix-up could have happened.	in an interview on the today show on friday, he described his shock and remorse at the shooting and how he never intended to kill anyone.	robert bates, from tulsa, oklahoma, became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead during a botched sting operation on april 2.
putin has been attacked by ukraine's former leader viktor yanukovich.	relations between moscow and washington have soured over the conflict.	putin said the united states and russia have a common agenda of general efforts directed at making the world order more democratic.	he said us and russia are working towards same efforts of making the world order more democratic.	russia has repeatedly denied accusations from kiev and west that it is supporting pro-russian rebels with troops and weapons in eastern eastern ukraine.	relations between moscow and washington have soured over the conflict in russia's neighbor ukraine.
the father of three was released from jail on sunday and spoke out on monday about the scarring experience.	francis pusok fled his home in san bernardino county, california, on monday.	his girlfriend of 13 years, jolene bindner, pictured at pusok's house on thursday, after he fled his southern california home when they tried to arrest him for identity theft charges.	he fled his house in southern san bernardino, california on thursday.	his girlfriend of 13 years, jolene bindner, fled'because any contact with police has been negative for me'	helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching 30-year-old francis pusok more than 80 times on thursday, after he fled his house in san bernardino county.
the prime minister had spent the morning in poole, dorset, and annette brooke, retiring and apparently ate a hot dog while he was at 4.40 pm.	he appeared in sunny bristol and mr cameron was looking straight into a merciless, piercing, armpit-moistening sun.	mr cameron was appearing in bristol and bath science park at 4.	david cameron enjoyed visit to bristol with chancellor george osborne.	david cameron has been in a bank holiday with george osborne.	mr cameron and george osborne have been in the campaign for more generous tax allowances for the low-paid benefits.
the verbal attack was captured on a camera at the start of her ugly rant.	espn reporter britt mchenry was filmed berating tow clerk gina michelle.	but according to her blog, mchenry tells her readers she is' taking a stand' against' sexist' commercials that focus on' appearance alone'.	britt mchenry posted this selfie as an advanced towing employee in arlington, virginia.	mchenry encourages her blog readers to'be the woman with a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on'appearance alone'	britt mchenry, 28-year-old, from new jersey, had her car impounded from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington, virginia.
xiao ying, 17, was found in the toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city.	her father said:'my daughter is not married. we can not keep this baby'	the mother of the girl said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant and wanted to' forget the entire [UNK].	xiao ying, 17, was dumped by his mother in a factory toilets.	xiao ying, 17, was found in the female toilets of a factory factory in wenzhou, china.	xiao ying, 17, was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city by a cleaner.
a photo of suge knight was released in court along with footage of him plowing into two men.	the co-founder of death row records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation.	the co-founder of death row records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation, but close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.	his pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over sloan's leg.	police say the rap mogul growled' i'm going to kill you' before' everything went black'.	knight has pleaded not guilty to killing terry carter and trying to kill cle'bone' sloan on january 18 for the first time.
the boy was rescued by his parents from the cheetah in the pit of the cheetahs at the zoo in the cleveland zoo.	visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit.	the mother of two - year - old boy, two, fell into the pit at the cleveland metroparks zoo on saturday.	the cleveland metroparks zoo was rescued by his parents on saturday.	he was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene ; he suffered from minor bruises and bumps.	visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm.
natasha hope-simpson says she feels like she was missing her leg in the accident.	natasha hope - simpson says she has a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions.	' i have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions, you are not handicapped!,' reads a note to natasha hope-simpson.	natasha hope-simpson, 27, from nova scotia, has a prosthetic leg amputated after her leg was crushed in a hit-and-run accident in 2013.	despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space, one might not be able to tell she was missing her leg.	she says the video of the video has been shared on her windshield and her windshield is filled with venom and anger.
mr bretti said rival cut him off and then punched him through window.	andrea trunfio, 36, and mario bretti, 64, drove their vans away from site.	andrea trunfio, 36, and mario bretti, 64, had been trying to muscle in on a turf war in july last year.	former allegedly tried to muscle in on mr bretti's patch in july last year.	andrea trunfio, 36, and mario bretti, 64, clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day in july last year.	mr bretti, 36, and sarah bretti, sarah trunfio, were killed in july last year.
bilal skaf was sentenced a maximum 55 years in prison in 2002 for gang raping young girls in sydney's southwest when he was just 18.	sydney rape gang leader bilal skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates inside one of australia's toughest prisons.	skaf was sentenced to 55 years in hospital in hospital before returning the same day.	bilal skaf, 33, was assaulted by three other inmates in sydney's southwest.	bilal skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of goulburn correctional centre in sydney's southwest.	he is serving 32 years in a cell with bilal'three inmates have been segregated'.
luke shambrook, 11-year-old, was found just three kilometres from where went missing at lake eildon national park, northeast of melbourne.	the 11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park - north - east of melbourne.	11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park - north - east of melbourne.	the autistic boy was found on tuesday by a police helicopter.	police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to luke's location, where he was just one year old.	the 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from their favourite campground.
students and staff were being asked not to use martin's way, but it was later extended to the school.	a bomb squad from albany, new york, was placed on lockdown.	campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at hamilton college did not pose any threat.	campus officials said a suspicious package was found in the kirner - johnson building.	hamilton college in clinton received bomb threat and threat of shooting at 9.45 am.	police say a suspicious package that has been discovered at the kirner-johnson building and found it to be harmless.
brelo's footprints were also found on the hood of the beat-up chevy malibu where russell, 43, and williams, 30, died.	brelo faces two voluntary manslaughter charges after two unarmed suspects were killed in november 2012.	an ohio police officer fired the final 15 rounds of a 137-shot barrage that killed a pair of unarmed suspects.	brelo's footprints were found on hood of chevy malibu where they died.	brelo's footprints were found on the hood of the beat - up chevy malibu where russell and williams died.	brelo's footprints were also found on the hood of the beat-up chevy malibu.
she says it's hard to argue that sentiment is transformed into her health.	glynis barber, the glacially beautiful half of itv’s 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace, will be collecting her bus pass.	glynis barber, from itv's 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace, will be collecting her bus pass.	she says she has been a book in the royal opera house in london last week.	she says she is'a bit surgery-phobic' and says she's a coward.	the actress turns 60 in a few months but looks barely a day over 40.
grand and grand is still living on the road, but he has since taken a job.	on the night he launched his first app, a homeless man he saw every day on his walk to work in new york city, a deal.	after daily coding lessons grand launched carpooling app trees for cars.	he saw every day on his app, but trees for cars is no longer available.	he has started his first app, a homeless man he saw every day on his walk to work in new york city, a deal: he would either give him $100, or he would teach him how to code.	in august 2013 mcconlogue offered grand and his mentor leo grand is still homeless.
she arrived in time to take a 7:00 us airways shuttle to washington, d.c. on the way, to catch a flight with 12 first class seats.	hillary clinton ended her whirlwind new hampshire campaign swing on tuesday afternoon in time to take a 7:00 p.m.	the manchester, nh airport would have been 55 miles closer and had a flight two hours earlier -- but it was on smaller plane with only coach seats.	she flew on a commercial us airways plane to washington, d.c. on the way to the same destination.	the boston flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with 12 first class seats.	hillary clinton's secret service-provided'scooby' van motored from concord to boston.
the edition costs up # 1,100 more in the uk than it does in the us.	britain is the most expensive version of the world's highest rates in the uk.	the same model costs $349, but this does n't include sales tax in the us depends on the region where the product is sold.	britain is the most expensive place in the uk than the us.	the most costly version of the 38mm edition in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order in nine countries.	the gadget is currently available in the us, with all sales taxes.
former polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife's movements and placed a gps tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her, court told.	the former polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife's movements.	o'riordan repeatedly stabbed his wife in their bedroom of their ground floor flat.	court heard attack occurred after he discovered her affair with the postman.	joseph o'riordan, 76, was found guilty of attempted murder.	joseph o'riordan, 76, was found guilty of attempted murder after his wife mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back at their home in east sussex.
karen branigan, 26, from dublin, found her' i couldn't get over her face'.	she has five sisters and a brother, karen branigan, in just two weeks.	niamh found her match in karen branigan, 29, a fellow ireland native who lives just an hour down the road, making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together.	the pair have been together for identical twins and have been for the first time.	her lookalike, karen branigan, lives only a hour away in ireland.	the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days and it attracted submissions to their website'twin-strangers com from across the world'
residents of charleston, south carolina say the shooting of an unarmed black driver walter scott was fleeing from a police officer.	above, a friend of scott's at a memorial the officer who shot scott, michael slager, had little in his file to suggest excessive force.	michael thomas slager, 33, and scott, 55, have been charged with the shooting of unarmed black man walter scott.	people in the community he served say his bosses considered a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light.	south carolina residents say complaints dismissed without investigation.	slager fired eight shots at the back of walter lamer scott on saturday is far from unique in the michael slager's police personnel file to suggest excessive force.
ronald anderson, 48, was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded.	he was recently charged in the crime spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition.	anderson pleaded guilty to manslaughter while armed in 1991's spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition.	anderson pleaded guilty to manslaughter while armed with a police officer.	the woman, whose 10 - month - old son was home, told police that anderson had hit her several times, knocking her into walls, because he thought she was afraid of the suspect hearing her,' the officer wrote, according to the documents.	incident took place at gate of u.s. census bureau in suitland, maryland.
the singers will be joined by four strictly come dancing couples and readings from the pointless host alexander armstrong and francis rossi and katherine jenkins will be west end star elaine paige.	it will be broadcast on saturday, may 8 to sunday, may 10.	status quo, katherine jenkins and boy band blue are set to perform.	it is set to be one of the highlights of a three - day commemoration of the end of the second anniversary of ve day.	katherine jenkins and elaine paige will perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of ve day.	katherine jenkins and elaine paige will perform at a concert to mark 70th anniversary of the second world war.
sir bradley wiggins has been caught on camera in the paris-roubaix race.	train races past seconds after policeman stops more cyclists crossing.	sir wiggins said the competitors had had a close race to cross the train.	sir bradley wiggins took part in the paris - roubaix one - day race for team sky - tracks.	the riders have been in the race for the first time since the race.	the race is known for its for team sky and riders.
he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to girlfriend at a bar.	he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar near to the bar where he had been talking to his girlfriend moments before his death.	iain mackay, 40, bled to death at hua hin resort, 125 miles south of bangkok.	thai police said mr mackay, from stornoway, scotland, was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a shop but they were unable to save him.	trio reportedly got into a furious argument at the coastal hua hin resort.	he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
the ten - year - old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in hennepin county.	the boy's father, pierre collins, has been missing for nearly $30, 000.	he will be processed and taken to the hennepin county attorney's office.	on saturday, searchers from boy scout troop found a body ten feet from mississippi river's edge which was identified as barway.	he was arrested monday on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of barway collins.	police chief stephanie revering said the boy's body was found in the mississippi river.
there are also concerns the merged company and would have too much power in the internet broadband market.	the meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since their proposed deal a year ago.	the federal communications commission remain concerned the combined company would have too much power in the internet broadband market.	the meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing a deal a year ago.	the wall street journal reported on saturday that staff attorneys at the justice department's antitrust division were nearing a recommendation to block the deal.	earlier reports said doj antitrust attorneys wanted to block the merger.
burnell mitchell, 61, and a 53-year-old woman were also arrested on suspicion of terror offences.	a fourth person has been arrested over the alleged murder of syrian-born imam abdul hadi arwani.	mr arwani, 35, appeared in court charged with murder.	the father of six was found dead in his car on a london street in wembley two weeks ago.	abdul hadi arwani, 48, was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and the commission, preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism.	police are investigating the alleged murder of syrian-born imam abdul hadi arwani, who was killed in wembley two weeks ago.
neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie - trifle combination of custard, jam and meat immortalised in popular tv show friends.	it features sponge, jam, custard, beef sautéed with peas and onions, a little more custard, bananas and some whipped cream.	friends fan neil killham recreated the infamous trifle-shepherds pie.	rachel green, 32-year-old software engineer from manchester, announced plans on twitter with a picture of his clashing ingredients with peas.	neil killham, a software engineer from manchester, made the shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on friends 16 years ago.	it features sponge, jam, custard, beef sauted with peas and onions, a little more custard, bananas and some whipped cream.
it was the first trip to new york in january 2001, eight months before the monument.	coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon take a selfie in new york there were hundreds of people visiting the memorial at the time but everybody was quiet and extremely respectful.	while there the dancing on ice stars stayed at the jw marriott essex house.	the site of the world trade center in new york was with my aunt when i was 18.	the jw marriott essex house is on display at the world trade center in chicago.	the world trade center is a very poignant moment.
cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday, weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix.	police report into the 65-year-old's suicide reveals brandt was found on sunday morning by friend, john joseph hupert, inside his garage.	the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday, weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix.	the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday, weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix.	brandt was found dead at the scene, according to police report.	he was found hanged in garage of his miami mansion on sunday morning.
shell said in an emailed statement that it has met with groups against oil drilling off alaska's shores.	royal dutch shell plc said it has filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an.	the environmental group said in a statement its team would occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer.	shell said in an emailed statement that it has met with groups against oil drilling off alaska's shores.	the move comes just days after the u.s. interior department upheld a 2008 lease sale in the chukchi sea.	the environmental group said the activists would not interfere with the vessel's navigation.
she had been playing with her father alex knight, 21.	libby's mother christie wilson, 21, said libby jane had been playing in the tunnel and kicked the dog away from her before the dog ran over.	the toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the dog's owner ran away.	the dog owner called the pet away from the toddler but then fled the scene.	libby's mother christie wilson says:' she has been very, very lucky - it could have been a lot worse and the doctors have said she doesn’t really understand what has happened'.	the toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the dog ran over and kicked the dog away.
classmates expressed shock, remembering him as a normal and likable high school student who was not deeply religious.	mohamud had been instructed by a muslim cleric to return to the united states.	mohamud had been instructed by a muslim cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism.	he is wanted to go to a military base in texas and'kill three or four american soldiers'.	a 17 - year - old was trained with al qaeda in the u.s. in syria.	he says he wanted to go to a military base in the united states.
obama also took a half - hour walking tour of the the anhinga trail at the 1.5-million-acre national park before giving his speech and heading home.	obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to reduce the rate of global warming.	the day trip to south florida, on the anhinga trail in homestead.	president obama visited the everglades national park commemorating earth day.	obama visited the subtropical swamps of the anhinga trail at everglades national park.	'climate change can no longer be denied. it ca n't be edited out,' he said in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day.
serbia's civil aviation directorate found cause was actually a coffee spill.	advisers to president tomislav nikolic described being' thrown around the cabin' when the co - pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board.	one adviser told reuters that she would' never step foot on that plane again,' saying the fall had lasted' for what seemed like an eternity'.	co-pilot, bojan zoric, had spilled coffee on the instrument board'due to ongoing turbulence'	his advisers put the incident down to yet another malfunction on the aircraft.	the plane landed safely back in belgrade, but nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis in the vatican, and his advisers put the incident down to yet another malfunction on the ageing, incident-prone aircraft.
police in colorado have cited a 37-year-old man for carrying his computer into an alley shooting eight times with a handgun.	lucas hinch, 37, was fed up with fighting for the last several months.	lucas hinch, who runs an herb and tea shop in colorado springs, said he'd simply had enough of the computer's'blue screen of death'	lucas hinch, 37-year-old, was cited for discharging a firearm in the alley.	lucas hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a' shots fired' call early on monday evening.	police in colorado have cited a 37-year-old man for carrying his computer into an alley then shooting it eight times with a handgun after what authorities said had been a long battle with the uncooperative machine.
his trainer claybon told yahoo:' gradually we built up, day - by - day, to 2, 000.	the 34 - year - old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle he not only returned to his normal weight - but he then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter billy hope.	terry claybon lost 30 pounds for the shoot, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night.	regime included 2,000 situps, three hours of boxing and three hours of cardio and weight training.	terry claybon, 34-year-old, ripped for southpaw trailer last month.	his trainer, jake gyllenhaal of los angeles in nightcrawler, put on a 15 pounds of work to get the weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle.
snp leader alex salmond has provoked outrage after he was caught boasting:' i'm writing labour's budget'.	the two most high-profile tories joined forces to question legitimacy of snp plan to try to put ed miliband in downing street.	prime minister said:'i'm writing labour's budget.	the former snp leader said he would be in charge of labour's first budget.	secret footage showed the former first minister, who is bidding to become an mp, mocking labour after it slapped down its scottish leader jim murphy, who claimed he would' check his top pocket'.	boris johnson and david cameron have to win the snp plans to prop up labour'lots of people... people will think that this is a constitutional crisis'.
the ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the national football league.	the ruling could have implications for the fight over whether the national football league's washington redskins should lose its trademarks.	asian-american rock band the slants say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur, can not trademark the name because it is disparaging, a u.s. appeals court ruled on monday.	the ruling could have implications for the fight over whether the national football league's washington redskins should lose its trademarks.	the ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the national football league's washington redskins should lose its trademarks.	ruling could have implications for whether the national football league's washington redskins should lose its trademarks.
he has been spared jail after admitting he was' suffering from concussion'.	he was spared jail after admitting assault at beverley magistrates court.	the 23-year-old, who was suffering from a suspected concussion, shoved ms hudson while he was taken to hull royal infirmary.	he has been spared jail after pleading guilty to common assault.	ben thurlow attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson as he tried to treat him after he sustained a head injury in a fight.	the 23-year-old, who was suffering from a suspected concussion, shoved ms hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance while he was taken to hull royal infirmary.
the concept armrests and ergonomic designs are designed to cut the source of discomfort.	passengers should n't expect any instant relief -- the seats will be in seats for airlines such as klm, thomas cook and spirit'padding'.	the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants, and some of them have radical changes from the chairs.	acro's'series 7' seat could one day sit in seats by crawley-based aircraft seating.	crawley-based acro aircraft seats designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants passengers who are willing to pay a little extra for a seat in premium economy.	the'series 7' premium economy seat is thinner, offering more legroom.
lee tomlin is mobbed by his middlesbrough team-mates after his follow-up shot was blocked.	aitor ayala's header was cleared off the line before tomlin's second half.	lee tomlin and patrick bamford scored the opening goal in championship table.	lee tomlin and patrick bamford scored fourth in the sky bet championship table.	lee tomlin's superb solo effort gave middlesbrough a 50th minute lead.	daniel ayala opened the scoring for middlesbrough in the second half.
iker casillas has won the champions league on five occasions during his career.	the real madrid striker has played for ac milan in 2006.	roberto carlos has picked his dream team goalkeeper iker casillas.	carlos opts for a number of former team-mates including zinedine zidane.	carlos figo, luis suarez, iker casillas and iker casillas have won the game.	he won the champions league title in 1998 and 2002.
messi scored the only goal in the first half of the game.	luis suarez scored his second goal in stoppage time to seal victory over valencia.	lionel messi scored 12 goals in his first - half goals in a 2 - 1 win over valencia.	messi scored with the last kick and luis suarez saved a dani parejo penalty.	claudio bravo saved a dani parejo penalty in the ninth minute.	claudio bravo kept out a tame penalty from valencia captain dani parejo in the ninth.
west brom have beaten west brom in the champions league semi - finals.	harry redknapp's side beat west bromwich albion 2 - 1 at stamford bridge.	wilfried bony has scored one goal after leaving swansea for man city.	wilfried bony is wilfried bony's second leg at the world cup.	the colombian winger has scored just 11 minutes in the last two matches.	the colombian winger has scored just one goal for manchester city.
manchester united beat chelsea centre back gary cahill at stamford bridge.	louis van gaal was short of bodies in the bright red shirt of manchester united.	the manchester united forward has scored four goals in four games against everton and monaco in the league cup last season.	falcao has struggled at manchester united since his loan move.	louis van gaal's side face everton in the world cup at stamford bridge.	louis van gaal was short of bodies after the pair got tangled on the ground.
raphael varane will be sergio ramos and pepe for real madrid.	carlo ancelotti's real madrid coach raphael varane has a diamond.	real madrid must be careful with a talent like raphael varane something has to give at real madrid.	diego simeone's side have been in the champions league first leg.	varane has started a few games since the past year.	gareth bale missed a one-on-one chance after just three minutes.
robert bates, 73, appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris.	robert bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2.	he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of eric harris in tulsa, oklahoma, on april 2.	he was given special treatment when he arrived at the tulsa sheriff's office.	the judge said he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation and ran past him.	he is pictured leaving his arraignment in in tulsa, oklahoma, on tuesday according to tulsa world, district attorney steve kunzweiler.
mohamad saeed kodaimati, 24, faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism.	saeed, who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17, allegedly claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at a sharia court.	saeed, who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17, is accused of making false statements involving syrian militants.	san diego man was arrested and charged on thursday with lying to federal agents about his involvement with islamic state militants fighting in syria.	mohamad saeed kodaimati, 24, is accused of making false statements during interviews with the fbi and other us authorities at the us embassy in ankara, turkey, in march.	mohamad faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters.
southend crown court heard how it used the supermarket's own delivery service were taken from the store in basildon, essex, where he worked.	but he is now employed as a manager at lidl supermarket in romford.	he stole goods worth more than # 15,000 from asda in basildon, essex.	he worked as a asda manager and was jailed to 12 months for his leading role in conspiracy to steal # 15,852.46 worth of goods between november 2013 and april last year.	reed and jay reed were under suspicion and were given suspended sentences of eight and four months respectively respectively.	michael gridley, 26, jailed for a year after orchestrating a scam to steal 15, 000 of goods from the store in basildon, essex, where he was sacked.
kurt cobain and courtney love lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992, just before frances bean cobain was born.	kurt cobain and courtney love lived in the two bedroom apartment.	the graffiti has long since disappeared now its current owner, brandon kleinman, 31, has listed it on airbnb.	new documentary montage of heck claims to offer fans an even more taste of the singer's life.	the two - bedroom apartment is in a 1920's building on spaulding avenue l.	cobain lived with courtney love in the two bedroom apartment on spaulding avenue in l.a.'s fairfax district.
biometric scanning could revolutionise the airport check-in process.	the travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on social media.	biometric scanning and machine - readable passports will be able to make check - in lines and desks in the future.	it will be able to drop your computer to book flights and flights.	the travel experience will become more personalised in the next few years, including using biometrics to make tailored suggestions.	holidaymakers can expect from biometric scanning to ipad-controlled hotel rooms.
ten years ago, i'm not a tribally political animal.	charles dunstone backed labour in 2005 election, but now supports tories.	ten years ago, i signed a letter to investors and business people around the world.	2 million more people are in work, according to recovery of uk since ten years ago.	david cameron and george osborne have signed a letter supporting labour in 2005 election.	businesses are starting in anticipation of a freeze and kept them.
some archaeologists believe the toxic element could herald what would be the first ruler's tomb.	sergio gomez found' large quantities' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.	sergio gomez found' large quantities' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1, 800 years.	sergio gomez found'large' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.	mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan, a mysterious ancient city that was once the largest in the americas.	mexican archaeologist found mercury in chamber of teotihuacan pyramid.
tom ince scored a second - half penalty for crystal palace in the second half.	tom ince joined blackpool on loan to crystal palace in january.	tom ince, 65, and tom ince have been in the premier league.	derby keep their promotion hopes alive with easy win at ipro stadium.	tom ince's former club was on loan to crystal palace in january.	steve mcclaren, chris martin and blackpool fans all feature.
the 26 year old has now owns a number of pieces that are worth several thousand pounds.	mark-francis vandelli is a bulgari bulgari chrono 42, a cartier tortue collection privée and a rolex yellow gold oyster perpetua.	a cartier white gold moonphase, a moon than a a moon and a moon.	the 26 - year - old is a watch for chelsea star mark francis's collection.	mark - francis vandelli is a keen collector of a cartier white gold moonphase.	the made in chelsea star has 16 timepieces in his collection.
maría jose carrascosa was released from a new jersey jail on friday after moving her daughter to spain when the girl's father was granted custody of the child.	carrascosa was taken to the bergen county jail for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring her daughter back to the united states.	carrascosa defiantly refused to bring the daughter what she returns to the united states and return to spain to be reunited with her daughter.	mara jose carrascosa, 49, was released from jail for refusing to bring her daughter back to the u.s. and thus remained jailed.	spanish national maría jose carrascosa, 49, was jailed in 2006 after refusing to return her daughter to the custody of her father in new jersey.	carrascosa, a native of spain, was jailed nearly nine years behind bars.
the hospitals are so overstretched that he was asked to perform brain surgery on a teenager who had been crushed by a wall in the quake.	dr sanjay gupta is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of saturday's deadly earthquake, performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, sandhya chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.	the neurosurgeon is in kathmandu to cover the brain surgery on a 15-year-girl who was injured in the earthquake.	dr. sanjay gupta was a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, sandhya chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside the hospital.	dr sanjay gupta performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.	more than 6, 000 people were injured' i was asked to do this by the doctors there at the hospital.
she died on april 15 after a seven-month battle with dementia.	she was described as'private family' and comforted her husband.	bonnie suchet, 71, was described as' the love of my life'.	classic fm dj and former itn presenter's wife bonnie died on april 15.	john suchet, 71, was described by her husband as'the love of my life'	john suchet, 71, was described by her husband as'the love of my life'.
she also has her own son and apollo four children with special needs.	renee bergeron, 38, was diagnosed with congenital femoral deficiency, which affects her legs, hips and knees.	she takes the photos free of charge to encourage families and to spread awareness.	renee bergeron, 38, was born with congenital femoral deficiency, which affects her legs, hips, and knees super - headed.	apollo was diagnosed with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and has a feeding tube in her stomach.	photographer renee bergeron, 38, suffers from fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and has a feeding tube in her stomach.
scores of dead children were found in the ghats to the river.	hundreds of bodies were burned in orange and gold cloth on the ground.	city's sacred temple overwhelmed with number of bodies while wood needed to make pyres is starting to run out.	volunteers are facing the daunting task of burning the bodies of victims who were killed during saturday's devastating earthquake.	more than 4,000 people have been killed during saturday's devastating earthquake.	today, plumes of white, acrid smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.
experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations.	broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its'rugged' approach to traditional yoga workouts making a point: traditionally seen as exercise regime for women, yoga is changing and now has a more universal appeal'.	experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or strength over flexibility.	eric sidoti is the creator and co - founder of broga eric and his male colleagues use the video streaming service.	experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.	broga yoga targets its classes specifically at men with more'rugged' workout.
the 4-time super bowl winner, his longtime girlfriend linda holliday, is already prepared to forgive.	the 4-time super bowl winning new england coach was caught in the act at the white house correspondents' on saturday.	the singer/songwriter retweeted a photo of the shot from saturday's white house correspondents' dinner on saturday.	the singer/songwriter retweeted a photo of the incident,' which he dubbed'spy gate' and celebrity and sports websites.	the 4 - time super bowl winner was caught on camera at the white house correspondents' dinner on saturday.	holliday, who's dated belichick since 2006, was smart to include the photo as evidence.
